all claims in the action will be dismissed, the litigation will be terminated, and Papa Johns will receive a
release. The settlement amount was recorded in General and administrative expenses in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations in the first quarter of 2022. The proposed settlement is subject to
approval by the District Court and contains certain customary contingencies. We continue to deny any
liability or wrongdoing in this matter.

         I&R Foods LLC v. Papa John’s International, Inc., Superior Court of California, County of
Riverside, Case No. CVRI2304549. On August 30, 2023, I&R Foods LLC (“I&R Foods”), a former
Papa Johns franchisee, filed a Complaint against our parent and predecessor, PJI. I&R Foods executed
franchise agreements for six (6) Papa Johns Restaurants and it was later determined that I&R Foods or
an owner thereof operated a competing pizza business. The Complaint alleges that PJI terminated I&R
Foods’ franchise agreements on June 13, 2023, in violation of the terms of the franchise agreements and
California law. The Complaint asserts causes of action for breach of contract, violations of the California
Franchise Relations Act, intentional interference with contractual relations, and intentional interference
with prospective economic advantage. The Complaint seeks actual damages related to I&R’s Foods’
inability to sell the Restaurants, exemplary damages allowed under California law, and reasonable
attorney fees and costs as provided under the franchise agreement and California law. We filed a Petition
to Compel arbitration in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky on
November 17, 2023. The United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky compelled
arbitration on February 19, 2024. The Superior Court of California dismissed the case on March 13,
2024. The parties are required to arbitrate the case per the terms of the franchise agreement. In March
2025 the parties entered into a confidential settlement agreement and mutual release under which, without
admission of wrongdoing, PJI agreed to pay $10,000, and the parties agreed to mutual releases and
dismissal of all claims in arbitration. Within seven days of payment of the settlement amount, the pending
arbitration will be dismissed per the terms of the settlement and mutual release agreement.

        Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.



                                       ITEM 4: BANKRUPTCY

           No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.


                                        ITEM 5: INITIAL FEES

         The number of Restaurants you may develop is determined by agreement between you and Papa
Johns before the Development Agreement is signed. In addition to establishing the number of Restaurants
to be developed in the Development Area, the Development Schedule in the Development Agreement
will also specify when each of the Restaurants is required to be opened. The total development fee deposit
is computed by the product of the number of Restaurants to be opened multiplied by $5,000 to $25,000
depending on the Development Agreement (the "Development Fee Deposit"). The entire amount of the
Development Fee Deposit is due and payable in a lump sum to us at the time the Development Agreement
is signed and is non-refundable.

         Depending on if you qualify for one of our incentives, the Initial Franchise Fee for a standard
Restaurant will range from $5,000 to $25,000 and is non-refundable. The Development Fee Deposit,
which will range from $5,000 to $25,000 per Restaurant, will be credited against the Initial Franchise Fee
for the applicable Restaurant. If you do not qualify for an incentive or have not paid the full amount of
the Initial Franchise Fee as part of the Development Fee Deposit, the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee
is due and payable upon the execution of a Franchise Agreement for each standard Papa Johns Restaurant.

                                                    -8-
