        In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, Ill. Comp. Stat. §§ 705/1
to 705/44, the parties to the attached Papa John's Franchising, LLC Small Town Non-Traditional Restaurant
Franchise Agreement (the "Agreement") agree as follows:
        1.     Section 2 of the Agreement, under the heading "Term, Renewal and Expiration," shall be
amended by the addition of the following new paragraph (e), which shall be considered an integral part of
the Agreement:
                (e)      If any of the provisions of this Section 2 are inconsistent with Section 20 of the
                Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, the provisions of the Act shall apply. If Franchisor refuses
                to renew this Agreement, Franchisor shall compensate Franchisee if (and to the extent) such
                compensation is required under Section 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.
      2.      Section 3(a) of the Agreement, under the heading “Initial Franchise Fee and Royalties” is
amended by adding the following:
                All initial fees and payments owed by the Franchisee to Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s
                affiliates hereunder shall be deferred until such time as all initial obligations owed to the
                Franchisee under this Agreement or other agreements between the Franchisor and
                Franchisee have been fulfilled by the Franchisor and the Franchisee has commenced doing
                business pursuant to this Agreement.
        3.       Section 20 of the Agreement, under the heading "Obligations upon Transfer, Termination
or Expiration," shall be amended by the addition of the following new paragraph (j) which shall be considered
an integral part of the Agreement:
                (j)     If any of the provisions of this Section 20 concerning termination are inconsistent
                with Section 19 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, then said Illinois law shall apply.
         4.       Sections 23 (b) and (c) of the Agreement, under the heading "Enforcement," shall be deleted
in their entirety, and shall have no force or effect; and the following new paragraphs shall be substituted in
its place:
                (b)      This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by Franchisor, and
                shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of Illinois.
                (c)       The parties agree that any action brought by either party against the other in any
                court, whether federal or state, shall be brought within the State of Kentucky in the judicial
                district in which Franchisor has its principal place of business, except with respect to claims
                arising under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.
        5.       Section 23 of the Agreement, under the heading "Enforcement," shall be amended by the
addition of the following new paragraph (h), which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:
                 (h)     Nothing contained in this Section shall constitute a condition, stipulation, or
        provision purporting to bind any person to waive compliance with any provision of the Illinois
        Franchise Disclosure Act or any other Illinois law (as long as the jurisdictional requirements of the
        Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met).




    Illinois Amendment to the Franchise Agreement – Small Town Non-Traditional Restaurant
                                          (Page 1 of 3)
