                                       Agreement
  v.     Choice of forum          FA, NTFA, & STFA:        Litigation in Jefferson County, Kentucky
                                  23.(c)                   (subject to state law).

  w.     Choice of law            FA, NTFA, & STFA:        Kentucky law applies (unless prohibited by
                                  23.(b)                   laws of state where Restaurant is located).




         * We may condition renewal upon your execution of our then-current form of Franchise
Agreement. The Franchise Agreement that you sign upon renewal of your franchise may contain terms
that are materially different from your original Franchise Agreement. The initial term is five years for
Non-Traditional Restaurants and Small Town Restaurants. We may condition renewal of your Small
Town Restaurant franchise upon your execution of our then-current Small Town Franchise Agreement.
The Small Town Franchise Agreement that you sign upon renewal of your Small Town Restaurant
franchise may contain terms that are materially different from your original Small Town Franchise
Agreement. The Franchise Agreement for a Non-Traditional Restaurant may be renewed for an additional
five-year term. Further renewal would be subject to signing a new agreement, pursuant to Section 2.(c)
of the Non-Traditional Restaurant Franchise Agreement.

         ** After a Small-Town Restaurant has been open for ten (10) years, we may at any time evaluate
the size of the trade area served by the Restaurant. If the trade area contains more than 6,000 households,
we have the right to reclassify the store as a Standard Restaurant and require you to execute and deliver
a standard Papa Johns Franchise Agreement for further renewals of the franchise for the Restaurant. In
addition, after the Restaurant has been open for a minimum of one year, we may at any time evaluate the
sales levels of the Restaurant on a trailing 12-months basis. If the weekly gross sales average (“PSA”)
reaches $20,000 or greater on a trailing 12-month basis, we have the right to reclassify the store as a
Standard Restaurant and require you to execute and deliver a standard Papa John’s Franchise Agreement
for the Restaurant for the remainder of the Term. Under the standard Franchise Agreement, you would
be required to pay the standard royalty rate and to make your own full contributions to the Marketing
Fund and the Cooperative (if any). You would also be required to offer delivery service and to offer the
full range of menu items required for a Standard Papa John’s restaurant, including but not limited to, all
sizes and types of pizza crusts, all side items and dessert items.

        *** In case of a default that affects public health or safety, health or safety of Restaurant
employees or imminent threat of substantial harm to the public image of the Papa Johns system, we may
reduce the cure period to 72 hours and require you to close the Restaurant until the default is remedied.

       This table lists certain important provisions of the Development Agreement. You should
read these provisions in the Development Agreement, Owner Agreement, and Relationship
Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document. (DA=Development Agreement; OA=Owner
Agreement; RA=Relationship Agreement)




                                                  - 63 -
