also be extended during any period in which: (A) any member of Our Group is involved in any
judicial or administrative process with Franchisee or any of you (1) to collect any amounts owed it
by the Franchisee or you, or (2) to enforce the terms of this guaranty; or (B) any bankruptcy or
similar proceeding involving Franchisee or any of you.

                Your obligations under this guaranty remain in full force and effect without regard
to, and shall not be released, discharged or in any way modified or affected by, any circumstance or
condition of Franchisee (whether or not you shall have any knowledge or notice thereof), including,
without limitation, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, composition, liquidation or similar
proceeding or any action taken by any trustee or receiver or by any court in any such proceeding.

                 (d) Waivers. Each of you waives notice of demand, notice of protest, nonpayment
or default, and all other notices to which Franchisee or you may be entitled, and all suretyship and
guarantor's defenses generally and any and all other notices and legal or equitable defenses to which
you may be entitled. You waive all exemptions to which you may now or hereafter be entitled
under the laws of this or any other state or of the United States. You waive any right that you may
have to require that an action be brought against Franchisee or any other person as a condition to your
liability and further waive any right that you may have to payments and claims for reimbursement or
subrogation that you may have against Franchisee arising as a result of your execution and
performance of this guaranty.

               (e)      Assignment. This guaranty is personal to you and the obligations and duties
imposed in it may not be delegated or assigned; provided, this guaranty shall be binding upon your
successors, assigns, estates and personal representatives. This guaranty shall inure to the benefit of
Our Group, and the affiliates, successors and assigns of any of Our Group.

               (f)     Enforcement. If any one or more provisions in this guaranty is for any
reason held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof and this guaranty shall be construed to
bind you to the maximum extent permitted by law that is subsumed within the terms of such
provision as though it were separately articulated herein.

        4.         Covenant Not to Transfer Interests. Each of you agree that your interest in
Franchisee is restricted in accordance with the terms of the Agreements and covenant that you will
not at any time during which Franchisee is a Papa Johns franchisee and/or developer, directly or
indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, make any "transfer" (as defined in the Agreements) of all or
any portion of your interest in Franchisee, or any interest in the franchise, or offer or attempt or
permit any of the same to be done, unless you first obtain our written approval in compliance with
the same provisions applicable to a transfer by you as set forth in the Agreements. You shall cause
all stock certificates (or other documents evidencing an ownership interest or right to acquire an
ownership interest) issued by Franchisee to bear a legend indicating that such stock (or other
document) is subject to the restrictions provided for in the applicable Agreement. Each of you shall
give us not less than 45 days prior written notice of any intended or proposed transfer of your interest
in Franchisee, and shall also cause Franchisee to give such notice as is required by the applicable
Agreement.


                                                  -5
