
Substantially all accounts receivable is due from franchisees for royalties. Credit is extended
based on an evaluation of the franchisee’s financial condition and collateral is generally not
required. An allowance for credit losses is an estimate, even if remote, based upon historical
account write-off trends, facts about the current financial condition of the debtor, forecasts of
future operating results based upon current trends of select operating metrics and macroeconomic
factors. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after recovery efforts have
ceased. The allowance for credit losses totaled approximately $321 and $366 as of December 29,
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

The following table summarizes changes in the Company’s allowances for credit losses for
accounts receivable:

                                                                                    Allowance
                                                                                    for credit
                                                                                      losses
Balance at December 25, 2022                                                      $          129
  Current period provision for expected credit losses                                        276
  Write-offs charged against the allowance                                                   (39)
Balance at December 31, 2023                                                                 366
  Current period (benefit) provision for expected credit losses                              106
  Write-offs charged against the allowance                                                 (151)
Balance at December 29, 2024                                                      $          321

Income Taxes

PJF is a single member LLC, which is a disregarded entity for federal and state income tax
purposes. As such, any income or loss for PJF is recorded on PJI’s consolidated tax return.

Revenue Recognition

Franchise royalties, which are based on a percentage of franchise restaurant sales, are recognized
as sales occur. Any royalty reductions, including waivers or those offered as part of a new store
development incentive, are recognized at the same time as the related royalty, as they are not
separately distinguishable from the full royalty rate. Our current standard franchise agreement
requires the franchisee to pay a royalty fee of 5% of sales, and the majority of our existing
franchised restaurants have a 5% contractual royalty rate in effect. Incentives offered from time
to time, including new store incentives, could reduce the contractual royalty rate paid. Franchise
royalties are billed on a monthly basis.

Initial franchise license fees are billed at the store opening date. Area development exclusivity
fees are billed upon execution of the development agreements which grant the right to develop
franchised restaurants in future periods in specific geographic areas. Area development
exclusivity fees are included in deferred revenue on the Balance Sheets and allocated on a pro
rata basis to all stores opened under that specific development agreement. The pre-opening



                                               10
