sites and if approval is given, for you to open in accordance with your Development Schedule. If we
cannot agree on a site for development in accordance with the Development Schedule, we may terminate
the Development Agreement. We reserve the right to approve all sites opened under the Development
Agreement according to our then-current approval standards. Each site must be approved. A fully
executed lease or deed that conveys either a fee or leasehold interest for the approved site must be
submitted to us within one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date such restaurant is required to be
opened and operating as set forth in the Development Schedule, and we may terminate the Development
Agreement if you fail to meet this executed lease or deed date. Construction must begin on each site at
least 90 days prior to the date that such site is required to be opened under the Development Agreement,
and we may terminate the Development Agreement if you fail to meet this construction start date.


Franchise Agreement

        Before you open the Restaurant, we will:

                 (1)    provide specifications for the design of the Restaurant and related facilities at
         the approved location (Franchise Agreement – Section 4.(a));

                 (2)   provide you with specifications and approved suppliers for all equipment,
         communications and computer hardware and software, design, signs, furnishings and fixtures
         (Franchise Agreement - Section 4.(b));

                 (3)    provide you with specifications and standards, and may mandate certain
         designated and approved suppliers, for: (a) all food products, beverages, ingredients and
         cooking materials sold from or used in the operation of the Restaurant; and (b) all containers,
         boxes, cups, packaging, menus, uniforms and other products and materials used in connection
         with the operation of the Restaurant (Franchise Agreement - Section 4.(c)); and

                  (4)    lend you one copy of the confidential manuals (the "Manuals") for the
         Restaurant. The Manuals contain mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, System
         policies and operating procedures that we prescribe and may also include information about
         your other obligations under the Franchise Agreement. The Manuals may be revised to reflect
         changes in the System. Such changes may include, without limitation, decor, design,
         appearance, equipment, methods, standards and specifications, operating procedures,
         Information System, System policies, menus, recipes and food and beverage products to be used
         in the operation of the Restaurant. You must keep the Manuals confidential and current and
         must not copy any part of any manual. The table of contents of the Manuals as of our last fiscal
         year end is attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit I). The Manuals consist of 383
         pages (including the table of contents, 4 pages), covering the following subjects: Introduction,
         5 pages; Food Safety/Recall, 8 pages; Opening and Closing, 20 pages; Dough Management, 13
         pages; Food Preparation, 45 pages; Order Taking, 20 pages; Dough Slapping, 19 pages; Pizza
         Topping, 15 pages; Oven Tending, 14 pages; Delivery, 11 pages; Getting Better, 14 pages;
         Equipment, 35 pages; Troubleshooting, 6 pages; Employment Practices and Development, 54
         pages; Restaurant Safety and Security, 36 pages; Financial Controls, 45 pages; Support
         Departments, 14 pages; Franchise Development, 4 pages (Franchise Agreement - Section
         11.(e)).

        During your operation of the Restaurant, we will:

                  (1) communicate to you information relating to the operation of the Restaurant to
         the extent we deem it necessary or pertinent (Franchise Agreement - Section 4.(e));

                                                   - 35 -
