Software on the Information System and provide one or more system installers/trainers at the
Restaurant, generally, for a two day install, one day before the Restaurant opens for installation and
training and the day the Restaurant opens, for support. This installer/trainer will assist with the
configuration and testing of the Information System. If you are opening your first Restaurant, a
four-day install will generally be required, unless we approve reduction to a 2 day install. The first 3
days will include installation, testing, configuration and training of your employees in the use of the
Information System. The 4th day will be the opening day of the Restaurant and the in- staller/trainer
will remain on site at the Restaurant opening for support. PJUSA may also charge additional On-
Site Installation Fees, at its then-current rate, each time a modification of additional days or services
to the agreed upon installation is performed at the Location. The On-Site Installation Fees does not
include any hardware, supplies, data cabling, electrical wiring, or shelving installation or other site
work necessary to prepare the Restaurant of the Information System. These are your sole
responsibility. However, some or all of these materials and services may be offered by PJUSA or
its agent for an additional fee.

                        (vi)    On-Site Support Fee. You must pay a fee to PJUSA each time on-
site support is required for enhancements, modifications or maintenance to the Information System a
fee for such on-site support (the "On-Site Support Fee") at its then-current rate. Generally,
enhancements and upgrades are accomplished electronically through direct access to the Information
System, in which case no on-site support or fee payment is required.

                      (vii)    Help Desk Service Fee. PJUSA may offer software support services
for the Information System. If you choose to use these services, you must pay to PJUSA a recurring
software support service fee ("Help Desk Service Fee") equal to PJUSA’s then-current fee and on a
timeframe determined by PJUSA. In exchange for this fee, PJUSA will provide general assistance
and support for your Information System.

                        (viii) Software Maintenance Fee. You must pay to PJUSA a monthly
software maintenance fee ("Software Maintenance Fee") at its then-current rate. This Software
Maintenance Fee covers PJUSA’s continuing efforts to enhance, develop and upgrade the
Information System, including: functionality for point-of-sale; back office; makeline; delivery and
driver technologies; inventory management; information storage, data transmission systems, retrieval
systems, third party integrations, high speed broadband connectivity and monitoring, methods and
means of encryption, internet and intranet access, reporting and analytics; software maintenance;
research and development; upgrades and enhancements to installation media; if any, that we adopt,
require or provide. Installation on the Information System, if required, will be charged as
described in Section 10.(c)(v).

                       (ix)    Changes in Fees. The On-Site Installation Fee, the On-Site Support
Fee, Help Desk Fee, the Software Maintenance Fee and/or per diem charges may be changed by
PJUSA from time to time; provided that the Help Desk and Software Maintenance Fees are intended
to cover PJUSA’s actual costs, including reasonable allocations of direct, actual overhead, any
associated taxes, and other expenses related to the Information System and the services that PJUSA
provides.


                                                   24
