installation. At the time the Designated Software is initially installed, we will require you to pay to us an
On-Site Installation Fee if we or our agent perform the installation of the Designated Software. The On-
Site Installation Fee must be paid to us in connection with each Restaurant opening as described in Item
6. Each time a modification or enhancement is physically installed at the Restaurant, we will require you
to pay us the On-Site Support Fee unless the modification is made by direct electronic access to your
Information System. We may raise these fees at any time and there are no contractual limits on our right
to do so. During the term of the Franchise Agreement, and provided that you are in compliance with the
terms of the Franchise Agreement, we are contractually obligated to provide to you, and you must
promptly implement, all upgrades, modifications, enhancements, extensions, error corrections and other
changes to the Information System developed or adopted by us for use in the operation of the
Restaurant. You must also maintain the Information System in accordance with our published release
notes and deployment alerts. If you fail to maintain the Information System in accordance with our
published maintenance release notes and deployment alerts, you must reimburse any costs that we or our
agents incur to bring your Information System up to our standards.

         We may also modify the current specifications and the components of the Information System
and Designated Software. We may require you to obtain specified computer hardware and/or software,
including, without limitation, a license to use all or a portion of the Designated Software, from us or a
third party under a separate agreement. Our modification of the specifications of the Information System
may require you to incur costs to purchase, lease and/or license new, replacement or modified computer
and communications hardware and/or software and to obtain service and support for such items during
the term of the Franchise Agreement. We cannot estimate the costs of future additions, enhancements
and modifications beyond those estimated for the current configuration. We may continue to add
hardware and software components to the Information System and the cost to you of obtaining such
additions, enhancements and modifications may not be fully depreciated over the remaining term of the
Franchise Agreement. However, you are required to incur such costs, provided that the Designated
Software and Information System that we specify for use by you is the same that we are then specifying
generally for use in Papa Johns Restaurants. There are no other contractual limits on the frequency or
cost of your to update or upgrade any part of the Information System. Within 120 days after you receive
notice from us, you must obtain the components of the Information System that we designate and require.

        The Information System is used in the Restaurant for the purpose of Restaurant operations. The
Information System will collect customer information for use in marketing, employee information for use
in sales statistics used in financial reporting, inventory information used for Quality Control Center
ordering and inventory control.

        We will have the right at all times to independently access the Information System and to retrieve,
analyze, download and use the Designated Software and all software, data and files stored or used on
it. We may access the Information System on the premises at the Restaurant or from other locations,
including our headquarters and regional offices. There are no contractual limits on our right to access
data (Franchise Agreement - Section 10.(c)). All data provided by you, uploaded to our system from your
system, and/or downloaded from your system to our system is and will be owned exclusively by us, and
we will have the right to use that data in any manner that we deem appropriate without compensation to
you.

        The cost of the Information System, excluding ancillary services, ranges from $20,000 to
$30,000. Ancillary services that we provide (installation, support, help desk and software enhancement,
GIS New Store Maps Package) cost up to $8,920. However, unless you are able and qualified to provide
these ancillary services or unless you purchase them from us, you will incur costs from third party
vendors. We cannot estimate the fees charged by third parties, but we expect that they would be in the
same ranges as our standard charges for these services.


                                                   - 43 -
