 some areas, significantly different than those applicable to a standard Papa Johns Restaurant, some of
 the disclosures in this Disclosure Document may not be applicable to Non-Traditional Restaurants and
 Small-Town Restaurants. Where appropriate, the differences are noted. Also, as the requirements for
 one type of Non-Traditional Restaurant or Small-Town Restaurant are, in some areas, significantly
 different from the requirements of other types of Non-Traditional Restaurants or Small-Town
 Restaurants, some of the disclosures in this Disclosure Document concerning Non-Traditional
 Restaurants or Small-Town Restaurants may vary for, or not be applicable to, all types of Non-
 Traditional Restaurants or Small-Town Restaurants. Where appropriate, the differences are noted.

        Market for Your Products and Services; Competition

            You will be competing with other restaurants, quick service restaurants, full-service
 restaurants, grocery and specialty stores that offer pizza and similar items and similar type businesses.
 These include national and regional chains, as well as local operations. The market for quick service
 pizza restaurants is developed in most areas.

        Laws and Regulations

            You must comply with all local, state and federal laws that apply to the operation of your
 Restaurant. These may include health, safety, sanitation and smoking regulations, United States
 Department of Agriculture, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and Occupational Safety
 and Health Administration regulations, other food and safety regulations, and discrimination,
 employment and sexual harassment laws. The Americans with Disabilities Act requires readily
 accessible accommodations for people with disabilities and therefore may affect some of your
 operations.

           If your Restaurant is in California, you will be required to comply with California legislation
 AB 1228, which increases the minimum wage for fast food employees to $20 per hour, beginning April
 1, 2024 (“AB 1228”). AB 1228 authorizes the Fast-Food Council to set fast-food restaurant standards
 for minimum wage and develop minimum standards on working hours and other working conditions,
 including health and safety standards and training. AB 1228 also authorizes the Fast-Food Council to
 set wages for fast food workers in California until January 1, 2029. The Council and its authority sunset
 January 1, 2029.

            There may be other laws applicable to your business and we urge you to make further
 inquiries about these laws with your attorney before purchasing a franchise from us.


                               ITEM 2: BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

Chief Executive Officer and President: Todd Penegor

        Todd Penegor was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of PJI and President of Papa Johns on
        August 1, 2024. Todd comes to PJI and Papa Johns from Wendy’s, where he served as Chief
        Executive Officer from May 2016 to February 2024, President from January 2016 to February
        2024, and Manager from April 2015 to February 2024.

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, International: Ravi Thanawala

        Ravi Thanawala was named Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, International
        on September 9, 2024. Ravi previously served as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of PJI and
        President of Papa Johns from March 20, 2024 to July 31, 2024. He previously served as the Chief

                                                   -3-
