
In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent. Code,
§§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North Dakota Securities
Commission, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Papa John’s Franchising, LLC shall be amended by
the addition of the following language:

        1.      The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has held the following to be unfair, unjust, or
inequitable to North Dakota franchisees (Section 51-19-09, N.D.C.C.):

        A.      Restrictive Covenants: Franchise disclosure documents which disclose the existence of
                covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06, N.D.C.C., without further
                disclosing that such covenants will be subject to this statute.

        B.      Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties must
                agree to arbitrate disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the franchisee's
                business.

        C.      Restriction on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of
                courts outside of North Dakota.

        D.      Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to
                consent to liquidated damages or termination penalties.

        E.      Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements which specify that any claims arising under the
                North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of a state other than North
                Dakota.

        F.      Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the waiver of a
                trial by jury.

        G.      Waiver of Exemplary and Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to
                consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.

        H.      General Release: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to execute a general release of
                claims as a condition of renewal or transfer of a franchise.

        I.      Limitation on Claims. Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a limitation on
                when claims may be brought.
