Closing; [and

              b.      Buyer will tender to Seller a promissory note (the "Note") in the principal
amount of $______ at a [fixed annual interest rate of ___%] [variable rate equal to the “Prime
Rate” published in The Wall Street Journal, plus ___%], to be repaid as follows:

                        i.      optional terms and provisions

                        ii.     optional terms and provisions

          The Note will be secured by a first-priority security interest granted by Buyer to Seller in
 all of the Purchased Assets and will be guaranteed by the principal owners of Buyer.]

         3.     Utilities. Utility deposits will become the property of the Buyer. The Buyer will
 be responsible for all service transfers. The Seller will assist the Buyer in obtaining such
 transfers.

         4.      Real Estate Leases. The Seller will assign the third-party real estate leases with
 respect to the Restaurants (the "Real Property Leases") to the Buyer. The Seller will assist in
 securing these real property lease assignments to Buyer, as well as all estoppel certificates
 required by the Buyer's lender, from Lessors and Sub-Lessors for all appropriate restaurant
 locations. Buyer will assist the Seller in obtaining such assignments and estoppel certificates.
 Any applicable assignment fees payable to the Lessors shall be shared equally by Buyer and
 Seller.

         5.       Liens and Encumbrances. At Closing, the Purchased Assets will be conveyed to
 Buyer free and clear of any liens or encumbrances [except as may be expressly agreed to by
 Buyer] and the Seller will provide adequate assurances that Seller has paid in full or in due
 course all of its obligations to Papa John's Franchising, LLC and its affiliates ("Franchisor"), the
 Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc., any Papa Johns advertising cooperative to which Seller is
 required to contribute in relation to the Restaurants, other trade payables, taxes and other
 obligations that might result in a claim upon the Restaurants, the Purchased Assets or the Papa
 Johns franchise pursuant to which the Restaurants are operated.

         6.       Exclusivity. Seller represents to Buyer that no agreement has been reached and
 remains effective with any party and will not, through [date], negotiate with any other party for
 the sale to such party of the Purchased Assets or any stock or other equity interest in Seller.

        7.     Due Diligence. The Seller will permit Buyer to conduct its due diligence
investigation of the Restaurants and Development Rights typical of a transaction of this kind for a
period of 30 days from the date of execution of this LOI (the "Due Diligence Period"). Seller will
cooperate with the Buyer in making all of its records, financial information, leases, and personnel
information available to the Buyer for due diligence purposes. All inquiries by Buyer with Seller's


                                                   2
