Affiliates, we are authorized to immediately debit your account for these amounts by any of the
Payment Methods.

                        (iii)  You must notify us at least 30 days before closing or making any
change to the account against which such debits are to be made. If such account is closed or ceases
to be used, you must immediately provide all documents and information necessary to permit us
to debit the amounts due from an alternative account. You acknowledge that these requirements
are only a method to facilitate prompt and timely payment of amounts due and do not affect any
obligation or liability for amounts owed. If for any reason your account cannot be electronically
debited, you must submit payments by wire transfer or check (certified or cashier's check if
requested by us) on or before the dates when due. You will indemnify and hold us harmless from
and against all damages, losses, costs and expenses resulting from any dishonored debit against
your account, regardless whether resulting from the act or omission of you or your bank; provided
that you are not obligated to indemnify us for any dishonored debit caused by our negligence or
mistake.

       4.      Franchisor Services. During the Term, we will provide to you the following
services:

               (a)     specifications for the design of the Restaurant and related facilities to be
used in the operation of the Restaurant;

             (b)    specifications for fixtures, furnishings, decor, communications and
computer hardware and software, signs and equipment;

               (c)     the names and addresses of designated and approved suppliers, and
standards and specifications for (i) all food products, beverages, ingredients and cooking materials
sold from or used in the operation of the Restaurant, and (ii) all containers, boxes, cups, packaging,
menus, uniforms and other products and materials used in connection with the operation of the
Restaurant;
               (d)     our supervision and periodic inspections and evaluations of your operation,
as described more fully in Section 11.(m), which supervision, inspections and evaluations will be
conducted at such times and in such manner as we reasonably determine; and

               (e)     communication to you of information relating to the operation of a Papa
Johns restaurant to the extent we deem it necessary or pertinent.

       5.      Territorial Provisions.

                (a)     Territory. Subject to the provisions of this Section 5, during the Term we
will not locate nor license another to locate a Papa Johns restaurant at the Location, including any
parking lots that are part of, or exclusively dedicated to, the Location (the “Territory”).
                                                  9
