Premises, you must, within ten days after the expiration or termination of the Franchise
Agreement, remove all signs and other items and indicia that serve, directly or indirectly, to
identify the Premises as a Papa Johns restaurant and make such other modifications as are
reasonably necessary to protect the Marks and the Papa Johns System, and to distinguish the
Premises from Papa Johns restaurants. To enforce this provision, we may pursue any or all
remedies available to us under applicable law and in equity, including injunctive relief. Your
obligation will be conditioned upon our giving you prior notice of the modifications to be made
and the items removed.

                (d)     Suitability of Premises. Regardless of whether the Premises are owned or
leased, it is your responsibility to determine that the Premises can be used, under all applicable
laws and ordinances, for the purposes provided herein and that the Premises can be constructed or
remodeled in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and you must obtain all permits and
licenses that may be required to construct, remodel and operate the Restaurant. The Premises may
not be used for any purpose other than the operation of the Restaurant in compliance with this
Agreement.

                (e)      Relocation; Assignments. You will not, without first obtaining our written
consent: (i) relocate the Restaurant; or (ii) renew or materially alter, amend or modify any lease,
or make or allow any transfer, sublease or assignment of your rights under any lease or owned
location pertaining to the Premises. Such consent may not be unreasonably withheld. You must
give us notice not less than 30 days before any of the foregoing. We may require you to relocate
the Restaurant to another location upon: (A) expiration of the original term or any extension or
renewal of your lease; or (B) any significant damage to the Premises or surrounding areas, or other
event that would provide you with an option or right to terminate the lease. We will not require
relocation if you prefer to remain at the same location and you demonstrate to our reasonable
satisfaction that: (i) the trade area and location meet our then-current criteria for new restaurants;
and (ii) you can restore or renovate the Premises to our then-current standards and agree in writing
to do so if approved. You must give us notice not less than 60 days before the expiration of your
lease, and you must give us written notice within five days after the occurrence of any event
covered by (B) above. Our right to require you to relocate is conditioned upon: (1) the availability
of a location approved by us for such relocation; (2) our offering to extend the Term of this
Agreement for not less than five years, or at our option, offering to enter into our then-current form
of franchise agreement (which will include an initial term of 5 years); and (3) the Territory (as
measured from the new location) not extending into the "Territory" of any other Papa Johns Pizza
franchisee. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH RELOCATION, IF REQUIRED, WOULD
INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT BY YOU DURING THE TERM
OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND MAY INCLUDE AN OBLIGATION TO LEASE OR BUY
LAND, CONSTRUCT A FREE-STANDING BUILDING, INSTALL LEASEHOLD
IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR PURCHASE NEW EQUIPMENT AND SIGNAGE.



                                                 12
