        In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, Ill. Comp. Stat. §§
705/1 to 705/44, the parties to the attached Papa John's Franchising, LLC Development Agreement (the
"Agreement") agree as follows:

        1.      Section 2 of the Agreement, under the heading “Initial Fee Payment” is amended in its
entirety, to provide as follows:

       All initial fees and payments owed by the Franchisee to Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s affiliates
       hereunder shall be deferred until such time as all initial obligations owed to the Franchisee under
       this Agreement or other agreements between the Franchisor and Franchisee have been fulfilled by
       the Franchisor and the Franchisee has commenced doing business pursuant to this Agreement.

       2.      Section 9 of the Agreement, under the heading “Default and Termination," shall be
amended by the addition of the following new paragraph (f) which shall be considered an integral part of
the Agreement:

        (f)    If any of the provisions of this Section 9 concerning termination are inconsistent with
        Section 19 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, then said Illinois law shall apply.

        3.      Sections 14 (b) and (c) of the Agreement, under the heading "Enforcement," shall be deleted
in their entirety, and shall have no force or effect; and the following new paragraphs shall be substituted
in its place:

        (b)    This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by
        Franchisor, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of Illinois.

        (c)      The parties agree that any action brought by either party against the other in any court,
        whether federal or state, shall be brought within the State of Kentucky in the judicial district in
        which Franchisor has its principal place of business, except with respect to claims arising under
        the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.

       4.       Section 23 of the Agreement, under the heading "Enforcement," shall be amended by the
 addition of the following new paragraph (h), which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:

        (h)     Nothing contained in this Section shall constitute a condition, stipulation, or provision
        purporting to bind any person to waive compliance with any provision of the Illinois Franchise
        Disclosure Act or any other Illinois law (as
        long as the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are
        met).

       5.       Section 16 of the Agreement, under the heading "Miscellaneous,” shall be amended by the
 addition of the following language:

        Nothing in this Section 16 or this Agreement shall act as a waiver of any of Franchisee’s rights
        under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or other Illinois law.

 Each provision of this amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision,
 that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met independently without
 reference to this amendment.




                        Illinois Amendment to the Development Agreement
                                          (Page 1 of 2)
