
               (a)    If we request from time to time, you must furnish us with your Articles of
Incorporation, Articles of Organization, Operating Agreement, By-Laws and other governing
documents (and any amendments or modifications thereof), minutes and resolutions and all
agreements or other documents, records and information pertaining to your existence and
operation.

            (b)    You must confine your business activities exclusively to the establishment,
management and operation of Papa Johns restaurants pursuant to agreements with us.

                (c)     You must, at the same time you execute this Agreement, and at such other
times as we may request, disclose the name and address of each person or entity owning a
beneficial interest in you, and you may not issue any additional securities, nor allow the "transfer"
(as defined in Section 10) of any of your outstanding securities, except as provided in Section 10.

               (d)    You must at all times comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and
regulations of governmental bodies.

            (e)     You must cause all persons or entities owning any interest in you to sign the
Owner Agreement in the form we provide.

               (f)     You may not transfer or assign individual Restaurants to separate legal
entities without our consent, which we may withhold in our discretion.

       7.      Your Covenants.

               (a)     Covenant Not-to-Compete. You covenant that during the Term you will
not engage in any of the following activities anywhere in the United States:

                        (i)     directly or indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is
provided, enter into the employ of, render any service to or act in concert with any person,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity that owns, operates, manages,
franchises or licenses any business that (A) sells pizza or other non-pizza products (excluding soft
drinks) that are the same as those sold by Papa Johns restaurants on a delivery or carry-out basis,
including, without limitation, business formats such as Domino's, Pizza Hut, Mr. Gatti's, Marco's,
Sbarro and Little Caesars, or (B) derives 20% or more of its gross revenues, at the retail level, from
the sale of pre-cooked, ready-to-eat food products on a delivery basis (a "Competitive Business");
or

                      (ii)   directly or indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is
provided, engage in any such Competitive Business on your own account; or

                       (iii)   become interested in any such Competitive Business directly or
indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is provided, as a partner, member,
shareholder, principal, agent, consultant or in any other relationship or capacity; provided, that the

                                                 10
