digital or other Alternative Ordering System order will be routed to, we will consider such matters
as we reasonably deem material, including: existing trade or delivery areas of Papa Johns
restaurants in geographic proximity to the address or customer placing the order; demographic
characteristics of the location of such proximate Papa Johns restaurants; traffic patterns and similar
factors affecting delivery efficiency; the opening or closing of other Papa Johns restaurants; and
other commercial characteristics of geographically proximate Papa Johns restaurants (collectively,
the "Commercial Considerations"). You acknowledge that such Commercial Considerations may
result in changes that remove particular addresses or groups of addresses or particular customers or
groups of customers from routing to your Restaurant and that online, digital or other systematized
orders from such addresses, groups of addresses, customers, or groups of customers may be re-
routed to other Papa Johns restaurants that are now, or that may in the future be, located near or
adjacent to your Restaurant, and that such Papa Johns restaurants may be owned by us, our
Affiliates or third parties. You acknowledge that if you relocate the Restaurant, the routing of
online, digital or systematized orders to your Restaurant may, in our sole discretion, be reduced,
changed, altered or restricted, even though we have approved the new location for the Restaurant.

                 (f)    Other Businesses. We reserve the right to operate, directly and/or through
Affiliates, franchise, or license others to operate or franchise, restaurants or other food related
establishments or businesses other than Papa Johns restaurants and we and our Affiliates may do
so within the Territory, provided, that such restaurants or food establishments or businesses do not
sell pizza on a delivery basis, or primarily on a carry-out basis. We also reserve the right to develop,
market and conduct any other business under the Marks or any other trademark.

                  (g)    Other Methods of Distribution. We reserve the right to manufacture or
sell, , directly or through third parties, or both, within and outside your Territory, pizza and other
products that are the same as or similar to those sold in Papa Johns restaurants using brand names
that are the same as or similar to the Marks, through any channel of distribution, provided that
such items are not sold through restaurants or on a ready-to-eat basis.

        6.      Premises.

               (a)     Leased Premises. If you intend to lease the premises where the Restaurant
will be operated (the "Premises"), you must submit to us copies of the executed signature pages of
all such leases immediately after signing and copies of the full leases and any exhibits and
addendum at such other times as we may request.

                 (b)     Owned Premises. If you own the Premises, you must submit to us proof
of ownership. If you decide to sell the Premises together with the Restaurant at any time before
the expiration or termination of the Franchise, you must notify us of your intention. We have a
right of first refusal to purchase the Premises on the same terms and conditions as set forth in
Section 14.(c)(ii). If the sale will also involve a relocation of the Restaurant, you must submit to
us for our approval your proposed plans (including copies of any proposed lease or contract of
purchase) for an alternative location.
                                                  11
