
        In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections
680 through 695, and of the regulations promulgated thereunder (N.Y. Comp. Code R. & Regs., tit. 13, §§
200.1 through 201.16), the parties to the attached Papa John's Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the
"Agreement") agree as follows:

         1.      Section 2(b)(vi) of the Agreement, under the heading "Term, Renewal and Expiration,"
shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no force or effect, and the following shall be substituted in its
place:

                 (vi)     You and we must execute and deliver a general release, in the form we prescribe,
                 provided, our release of you will not include a release of any fees or royalties due under
                 this Agreement, any amounts due to us or any of our Affiliates for products or services
                 provided or otherwise payable to us or any of our Affiliates in the ordinary course of
                 business, or any unfulfilled mandatory operational or system requirements (such as image
                 or computer system upgrades or menu or product changes), provided, however, that all
                 rights enjoyed by you and any causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of
                 New York General Business Law Sections 680-695 and the regulations issued thereunder,
                 shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of
                 N.Y. Gen. Bus. Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.

         2.       Section 14(c)(i)(B)(8) of the Agreement, under the heading "Transfers; Our Rights of First
Refusal," shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no force or effect, and the following shall be
substituted in its place:

                 (8)      you and all owners of an interest in you execute a general release, in the form
                 prescribed by us, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable state law, all claims
                 that you or any of them may have against us or our Affiliates, including our and their
                 respective shareholders, officers, directors and employees, in both their individual and
                 corporate capacities and, if you are the transferor, you acknowledge in writing that your
                 interest under this Agreement is terminated, provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by
                 the transferor and any causes of action arising in its favor from the provisions of New York
                 General Business Law Sections 680-695 and the regulations issued thereunder, shall remain
                 in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of N.Y. Gen.
                 Bus. Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.

        3.      Section 20 (a) (vii) of the Agreement, under the heading "Obligations upon Transfer,
Termination or Expiration," shall be deleted in its entirety, and shall have no force or effect; and the
following paragraph shall be substituted in its place:

                 (vii)   pay to us all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
                 incurred by us subsequent to the transfer, termination or expiration of the Franchise in
                 seeking injunctive or other relief for the enforcement of any term, covenant or provision of
                 this Agreement;

         4.       Section 23 (a), (iv) fifth paragraph of the Agreement, under the heading "Enforcement,"
shall be deleted in its entirety, and shall have no force or effect; and the following paragraph shall be
substituted in lieu thereof:

        NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION

             New York Amendment to the Franchise Agreement – Standard Restaurant
                                        (Page 1 of 3)
