may access the Information System in the Restaurant or from other locations, including our
headquarters and regional offices. You will store all data and information on the Information
System that we designate from time to time. No unauthorized data, information or programs may
be stored on the Information System.

               (d)     Maintenance, Remodeling, Re-equipping, Enhancements and
Replacements. You will at all times maintain the Restaurant in accordance with our standards,
and you will, within 90 days from the date of written notice from us, remodel or re-equip or
perform such maintenance at the Restaurant in accordance with the specifications we provide.
Such maintenance, remodeling and re-equipping may include, without limitation: replacing worn
out, obsolete, or dated equipment, fixtures, furnishings and signs; structural modifications;
painting and redecorating; and purchasing more efficient or improved equipment. We may order
and ship replacement equipment at your cost for any end of useful life equipment that is not
replaced as required herein, for which a notice of default under Section 19 has been sent and left
uncured, and for which we reasonably believe could harm the System. We may require you to
perform maintenance and remodeling and to purchase equipment at such times as we deem
necessary and reasonable; provided, that we may not require any significant remodeling of the
Restaurant during the first 2 years of the Initial Term. We may, during the term of this Agreement,
require you to modify, enhance and/or replace all or any part of the Information System at your
expense, and you must, within 120 days of receipt of written notice from us, acquire, or acquire
the right to use for the remainder of the term of this Agreement, the modified, enhanced or
replacement version of the Information System specified by us. You must take all other actions
as may be necessary to enable the modified, enhanced or replacement Information System to
operate as specified by us. Any such modifications, enhancements, and replacements may require
you to incur costs to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified computer hardware and/or
software or other equipment and to obtain different and/or additional service and support services
during the term of this Agreement. You acknowledge that we cannot estimate the costs of future
maintenance, enhancements, modifications, and replacements to the Restaurant, equipment,
signage, Information System or other items. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EQUIPMENT,
ADDITIONS, ENHANCEMENTS, ALTERATIONS, MAINTENANCE AND RENOVATIONS
REQUIRED BY US MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT BY
YOU DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT.

       11.     Operations; Standards of Quality; Inspections.

              (a)      Principal Operator. You must designate an individual to serve as the
"Principal Operator" of the Restaurant, provided, if you are developing and operating multiple
Restaurants pursuant to a Development Agreement, you need designate only one Principal
Operator for your operation, not one for each Restaurant. The Principal Operator must meet the
following qualifications:



                                                20
