agree to secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits and certificates. You shall file
all tax returns and pay all taxes before they become delinquent. Furthermore, if you are subject to
any withholding taxes on royalty fees or other payments due, you shall provide us with quarterly
evidence that such tax has been remitted to the appropriate governmental agency on a quarterly
basis. Additionally, if requested, you shall provide us with quarterly evidence of proper sales tax
exemption certificates for any sales to tax exempt groups (i.e. schools, churches, and other non-
profits).

               (i)    PCI Compliance. You agree to abide by the Payment Card Industry Data
Security Standards enacted by the applicable Card Associations, applicable to your business. If
you know or suspect a security breach, you shall immediately notify us. You shall promptly
identify and remediate the source of the compromise. You assume all responsibility for providing
all notices of breach or compromise and all duties to monitor credit histories and transactions
concerning your customers. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any
required technology complies with applicable law, assuming you properly operate and maintain
the technology.

                 (j)     Anti-Terrorism Measures. You and your owners acknowledge that
Executive Order 13224 (the “Executive Order”) prohibits transactions with terrorists and terrorist
organizations and that the government of the United States has adopted and may in the future adopt
other anti-terrorism measures (the “Anti- Terrorism Measures”). You certify that neither you or
your owners nor any of your employees, affiliates or any other person or entity associated with the
Store is: (1) a person or entity listed in the Annex to the Executive Order; (2) a person or entity
otherwise determined pursuant to the Executive Order to have committed acts of terrorism or to
pose a significant risk of committing acts of terrorism (such a person or entity and those persons
and entities listed in the Annex to the Executive Order are referred to herein as “Terrorists”); (3)
a person or entity who assists, sponsors or who supports Terrorists or acts of Terrorism (“Sponsors
of Terrorism”); or (4) owned or controlled by Terrorists or Sponsors of Terrorism. Furthermore,
you covenant that neither you or your owners, nor any of your employees, affiliates or any other
person or entity associated with the Store shall, during the term of this Agreement, become a
person or entity described in clause (1), (2) or (3) above, or shall otherwise become a target of any
Anti-Terrorism Measures. Should you or any of your owners, employees, affiliates, or any person
or entity associated with the Store, violate the provisions of this paragraph, we will have the right
to immediately terminate this Agreement.

                (k)     Privacy and Data Protection. You will: (i) comply with all applicable
international, national, federal, provincial, state, or local laws, codes or regulations that regulate
the processing of information that can be used (alone or when used in combination with other
information within your control) to identify, locate or contact an individual or pertains in any way
to an identified or identifiable individual (“Personal Information”) in any way, including, but not
limited to, national and state data protection laws, laws regulating marketing communications
and/or electronic communications, information security regulations and security breach
notification rules (“Privacy Laws”); (ii) employ administrative, physical, technical and

                                                 24
