the gross revenues of the Restaurant from sales of approved products and provision of approved
services (including revenues from special or promotional sales efforts such as Groupon, Living
Social or other discounted sales programs), delivery services or any other revenue-generating
activity carried on at, from or in connection with operation of the Restaurant and regardless of
whether such sales are evidenced by cash, check, credit, charge account, gift card or otherwise, less:
(a) sales tax, use tax or similar tax collected from customers in conjunction with such sales and paid
in full to the state or other local taxing authority; (b) any documented refunds actually paid to
customers (if such amounts were originally included in calculating Net Sales); and (c) proceeds
from sales of used furniture and fixtures and similar sales not in the ordinary course of business.
The Royalty is due on the 10th day of the month following each Period; and

                       (iii) a continuing internet and digital ordering system transaction fee
("Digital Fee") in an amount determined by a board consisting of the same members of the Board of
the Marketing Fund as a percentage of each Period's Net Sales of the Restaurant that arise from
customer orders received via the internet through our internet/digital ordering system (“Digital
Orders”). The fee generally will be set high enough to cover our actual and projected ongoing costs
plus new capital expenditures each year in improving, maintaining and operating the on-line/digital
ordering system/application, including costs of integration of aggregator or other third-party platforms,
provided: (A) we will contribute any revenue in excess of these costs to the Marketing Fund; and (B)
any shortfall of revenue will be carried forward as a deficit and retired from future Digital Fee
revenues. The Digital Fee is due on the 20th day of the month following each Period.

                (b)      Alternative Ordering. We reserve the right to develop or contract with
third parties to develop centralized or technology-based methods of taking, processing, routing, and
delivering orders in addition to the online and digital system that we currently use or authorize
(collectively "Alternative Ordering Systems"). These may become mandatory at any time during the
Term of this Agreement and may require you to spend money to add or replace equipment, wiring,
hardware and software, and to pay licensing fees, support and maintenance fees, fees paid to third
parties; to incur other costs, and to sign agreements with third parties. To the extent that these
products and services are owned by us or provided to you by us, we may charge up front and/or
ongoing fees. However, to the extent that all the direct and indirect costs to develop, test and
implement an Alternative Ordering System are paid from the Digital Fee, then such up-front and
ongoing fees charged by us would be intended only to cover our ongoing expenses, including direct
costs and reasonable allocations. Regardless of the sources of funds to develop any Alternative
Ordering System, as between you and us we are and will be the owner of all direct and related rights
and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all data generated by the
Alternative Ordering Systems or as a result of their use, but excluding hardware or equipment that
you purchase directly for the purpose of gaining access to the Alternative Ordering System
(including computers and kiosks).

                (c)     Papa Card Fees. You are required to accept customer cash cards ("Papa
Card(s)") administered by Papa Card, Inc., a subsidiary of the Marketing Fund. We will debit or
credit your bank account on a weekly basis for the net amount of Papa Card purchase or redemption
transactions. Upon redemption of a Papa Card balance, or portion thereof, for purchases from your
Restaurant, you are required to pay a percentage of the amount of Papa Card redemption
transactions, including tax and gratuities, to Papa Card, Inc. on a weekly basis. We will debit your
                                                   4
