        functions. Trainers will vary and change. We require Training General Managers to have at least
        one year of experience as a General Manager and a successful track record with Papa Johns. We
        require them to be certified in both the Papa Johns Management Training Program and the
        Training General Manager program.

2.      Hours of Training. Both the Principal Operator training program and the Management Training
        Programs are organized and carried out as set forth in the foregoing table. The Management
        Training Programs consist of the prep curriculum, basic curriculum, and the advanced
        curriculum and must be completed in that order. The Management Training Programs take
        approximately fifteen weeks to complete, however there is no maximum time frame to complete
        the Management Training Programs. A typical week consists of 50 to 55 hours of
        training/instruction.

3.      Training Facilities. Most of the training is "on-the-job" training and is typically conducted at a
        Papa Johns certified training Restaurant. Classroom instruction may also be utilized to facilitate
        the training program but this type of training typically makes up only about 5% of the total hours
        of training under the General Manager training program and 25% of the total hours of training
        and instruction under the Principal Operator training program. However, the Principal Operator
        will also be required to attend one week of training at PJU.

4.      Training Locations; Frequency. In the Principal Operator training program, the first two weeks
        are station training conducted in a certified training Restaurant, the location to be determined by
        the Franchise Business Director. The next four weeks are conducted primarily in regional
        certified training Restaurants, either company-owned or franchised. If you are contemplating
        development or operation of more than one Restaurant, you would then proceed to MUM
        training. Once field training is completed, the Principal Operator will attend a one-week program
        held at PJU. A new Principal Operator training program is conducted as the need arises. The
        Management Training Program is conducted entirely in regional approved Restaurants. MUM
        training consists of three weeks in an approved market and two weeks in the market where your
        Restaurant(s) are (or will be) located. The training programs are not offered on a fixed schedule
        but rather are offered as often as necessary to meet demand.



                                    ITEM 12:         TERRITORY

         The Development Agreement grants you rights in the Development Area in which to establish a
certain number of Restaurants. You must enter into a Development Agreement regardless of the number
of Restaurants you plan to open. The Development Area consists of a designated geographic area in
which you will be permitted to develop a Restaurant pursuant to the terms of your Development
Agreement, which will be delineated by a mapped area appended to the Development Agreement. If your
Development Agreement grants you the right to develop more than one Restaurant, we will grant you a
Development Area for each Restaurant to be developed under the Agreement (that is, if you can develop
multiple Restaurants, you will have a Development Area per Restaurant). However, unless we agree
otherwise in a rider or an amendment to the Development Agreement, the Development Area excludes
sites suitable for Non-Traditional Restaurants, such as enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals or
schools), airports, parks (including theme parks), military installations and sports arenas and stadiums,
train stations, travel plazas and entertainment venues. We have the right to approve or disapprove of the
sites proposed to be developed under the Development Agreement, using our then-current site approval
standards.



                                                  - 50 -
