 contributions and expenditures for advertising, marketing and promotion of the Papa Johns brand:

                        (i)     To the extent you are not obligated to perform grand opening
marketing pursuant to a development agreement, you must submit to us proof at least four (4) weeks
prior to opening of the Restaurant that you have a grand opening marketing budget of Five Thousand
Dollars ($5,000.00) to be used to support pre-opening and for use within the first ninety (90) days of
the opening of the Restaurant. You must provide us receipts and invoices evidencing the expenditure
of such funds within 120 days after the opening of the Restaurant. The sufficiency of such receipts
and invoices will be in our reasonable discretion. If you do not provide reasonable evidence of the
required grand opening marketing budget as outlined herein, we may require that you place the grand
opening marketing funds into an escrow account.

                      (ii)     In addition to the Grand Opening expenditures required under
subsection (i) above, you shall expend, at a minimum, an aggregate amount equal to 2% of the
annual Net Sales of the Restaurant on local promotion, marketing and advertising efforts.

                       (iii) Promotion, marketing and advertising as used herein shall be
promotion, marketing and advertising directly promoting the Papa Johns brand, brand initiatives or
the Restaurant. Costs and expenditures that shall not be considered promotion, marketing and
advertising shall include but not be limited to aggregator commissions and in-Restaurant materials
consisting of fixtures and equipment.

                 (b)    Marketing Fund. Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc., a Kentucky nonstock,
 nonprofit corporation (the "Marketing Fund"), has been organized for the purposes set forth in the
 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Marketing Fund, as they may be amended from time
 to time. You will automatically become a non-voting member of the Marketing Fund upon the
 execution of this Agreement. We will contribute a portion of the Royalty to the Marketing Fund
 on your behalf. The portion so contributed will equal 25% of such amount as designated from time
 to time as the contribution rate for traditional Papa Johns restaurants.

                        (i)      You acknowledge that the Marketing Fund is intended to increase
 recognition of the Marks and to further the public image and acceptance of the System and that we,
 the Marketing Fund and the directors of the Marketing Fund do not undertake any obligation to
 ensure that expenditures by the Marketing Fund in or affecting any geographic area are
 proportionate or equivalent to contributions to the Marketing Fund by Papa Johns restaurants
 operating in such geographic area or that you or the Restaurant will benefit directly or in proportion
 to your contribution to the Marketing Fund. We (including our officers, directors, agents and
 employees) are not a fiduciary or trustee of the contributions to, or the assets of, the Marketing
 Fund. We, the Marketing Fund and our respective officers, directors, agents and employees will
 not be liable to you with respect to the maintenance, direction or administration of the Marketing
 Fund, including with respect to contributions, expenditures, investments and borrowings, except
 for acts constituting willful misconduct.

                        (ii)  We and our Affiliates will make contributions to the Marketing Fund
 for each Papa Johns restaurant that we own on the same basis as required of comparable franchisees
 within the System.


                                                 -12
