if a Development Agreement sets the Development Fee Deposit at $5,000 per Restaurant and the
Development Agreement provides the franchisee a right to develop 3 Restaurants, the franchisee would
pay the $15,000 Development Fee Deposit upon signing the Development Agreement and $5,000 per
Restaurant would be credited against the Initial Franchise Fee for each successive Restaurant.



       ITEM 8: RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        You are required to follow the standards and specifications that we establish periodically with
respect to food products, packaging, advertising materials, supplies, ingredients, equipment, computer
hardware and software, fixtures, furnishings and other items, including non-food inventory items, used
in the operation of your Restaurant. Other than those items that you may be required to purchase from
us, PJ Food Service or another designated supplier, you may purchase from any approved supplier.

         A list of approved products and the suppliers from which those products may be purchased may
be published in the Manuals or in policy and procedures statements or provided to you by other written
communication, and we may amend the list from time to time. If you want to purchase any products from
a supplier other than an approved or designated supplier, you must submit to us a written request for
approval of such supplier or must request the supplier itself to do so. Our representatives must be
permitted to inspect the supplier's facilities, and samples from the supplier must be delivered to us or to
an independent laboratory that we choose for testing. We may charge you or the supplier an amount not
to exceed the reasonable cost of the inspection and the actual cost of the tests. We will use reasonable
efforts to begin an investigation of the proposed supplier and/or product within 30 days. We reserve the
right, at our option, to re-inspect from time to time the facilities and products of any such approved
supplier and to revoke our approval if the supplier fails to continue to meet any of our then-current criteria.
We do not provide our criteria for supplier approval to our franchisees.

         PJ USA is currently the only approved supplier of the Information System and certain related
services described in Items 6 and 11 and will also sell or license the Designated Software, all as further
described in Item 11. We presently require that you purchase pizza dough and pizza sauce only from our
affiliate PJ Food Service. You may also be required to purchase from PJ Food Service, or another
designated approved supplier, food items that either have been specially prepared and contain trade
secrets, or that we consider to be integral to the System, or both. We reserve the right to require you to
purchase from PJ Food Service, or other sources we designate, additional or other items, and we or our
affiliates may derive revenue from such purchases. If you are required to purchase products and supplies
from PJ Food Service or another designated supplier in addition to those specified above, it is expected
that the products and supplies that would be required to be purchased would be mainly food items and
ingredients, although we may also require you to purchase certain promotional items and to obtain certain
services from designated suppliers. The purposes of such a requirement would generally be to protect
secret recipes, to ensure high standards of quality and product consistency, to protect or enhance the
System and the System’s public image and goodwill, or to execute a national promotional campaign. PJ
Food Service also sells packaging and paper products and most other food products used in a Papa Johns
Restaurant. The Authorization form that you are required to sign pursuant to the Franchise Agreement
authorizes us and our affiliates to debit your bank account the amounts due from you for purchases. All
sales by our affiliates are on the terms and conditions they specify.

         As noted in Item 6, PJ Food Service may charge higher prices for delivery of food products and
other items to certain Restaurants than it charges for the same goods delivered to other Papa Johns
locations if the Restaurant cannot be serviced according to PJ Food Service's standard means and/or
procedures This is due to the increased costs that PJ Food Service incurs in order to accommodate
deviations from its standard operating procedures. For example, in one instance a venue for a Non-

                                                    - 25 -
