certified in a minimum of three of the seven operations stations. NTO and certification in the team
member’s primary station must be completed in the team member’s first five scheduled shifts.
Certification in the second and third stations must be completed by the end of the team member’s 20th
scheduled shift.

        We also offer MUM training for multi-unit managers to learn the Papa Johns’ system if you are
contemplating development or operation of more than one Papa Johns Restaurant. You are responsible
for costs and expenses of your trainees (such as travel, meals, lodging and the trainee’s compensation).
MUM takes place in a market approved by a Papa Johns franchise business partner (“FBP”). FBPs
oversee Papa Johns franchise operations in a designated market or territory.

          The Principal Operator and all Restaurant managers may be required to attend additional training
that we determine to be necessary or appropriate. If the Principal Operator or any manager or other of
your employees, in our reasonable determination, does not meet our standards for knowledge and
performance or does not pursue or successfully complete our training requirements, we reserve the right
to require that such Principal Operator or employee(s) be retrained, or that another person be trained and
perform the functions of the category of employee for which the training was offered. You are responsible
for all travel and living expenses and salaries that the Principal Operator and your employees incur in
connection with training.

        We also offer a training program for a Certified Training General Manager position. You need
to maintain, at your expense, one qualified employee (“General Manager”) for every four locations you
have through this program. General Managers may be certified as a Training General Manager only after
completion of the entire Management Development Program, a sufficient length of time working in a
Papa Johns Restaurant, recommendation by his/her Principal Operator and approval by the assigned
Franchise Business Partner, completion of all criteria outlined in the Training General Manager Selection
Guide and satisfactory completion of the Training General Manager workshop. TGMs will be re-
evaluated each year and evaluated by the FBP for initial TGM certification.

        We also offer online training programs through our learning management system, PIZZAcademy,
and other training platforms and software. You are required to pay the annual training fee of $150 to
cover the cost of PIZZAcademy and other training platforms and softwares. This program, as well as any
other online required training courses that we may choose to offer to existing franchisees, is tuition-free
for you and your employees.

         Required training must be completed before opening your first Restaurant. This includes all
relevant marketing. An opening support team made up of our designated employees will be used for
training prior to your first two Restaurant openings. The FBP will schedule their training dates. The FBP
is there to support the Principal Operator is conducting the training.

         The support team's primary role is to partner with your trained Restaurant team members to
conduct on-site training with respect to the duties of each position in the Restaurant, including the areas
of staffing, food preparation and dough management. Before the Restaurant opens, you will be required
to activate an online training account for the Restaurant. You or your team members may be required to
complete some online training activities before the arrival of our opening support team. After the first
two Restaurants, you may request a team to assist you. Changes in the opening date of a Restaurant
requiring the opening team to change travel arrangements may also result in the charging of a separate
fee. Many franchisees form corporate entities for liability and tax purposes. Occasionally, a franchisee or
franchisee group may be formed by the same owners and principal managers of an existing franchisee
company. We will not be obligated to provide initial training or opening assistance or support to any
management team to whom we have previously provided such training, assistance or support, even if the
ownership and management has formed a new, separate franchisee entity in order to undertake

                                                  - 45 -
