       forth in these By-Laws and the Papa John’s Franchise Agreement and may not be re-
       funded, distributed or redistributed to members except with the consent and approval of
       Franchisor or as required by applicable law.

           ii.  The Cooperative has been organized exclusively for the purposes of producing
       and conducting general advertising, marketing and promotional programs and activities,
       including print, electronic and digital media for use in and around the Marketing Area
       and developing standardized promotional materials for use by the members. Use of
       member contributions for any other purpose is prohibited.

          iii.  Amounts contributed to the Cooperative will not be refunded to the contributing
       member upon the member’s withdrawal from the Cooperative or transfer or closure of the
       member’s Restaurant(s) in the Marketing Area, even if such contributions are held by the
       Cooperative and not expended at the time of such withdrawal, closure or transfer, except
       as may be otherwise required by applicable law.

    2. Expenditures. The Cooperative may spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less
than the aggregate contributions to and income of the Cooperative in that year. If the Coopera-
tive has excess funds at the end of a fiscal year, all expenditures in the following fiscal year(s)
shall be made first out of contributions accumulated from previous years, next out of contribu-
tions in the current year. A copy of the Cooperative's financial statements shall be provided
upon request to each member in good standing and the Franchisor without charge.

     3. Agencies. Only advertising and public relations firms approved by Franchisor may be
hired by the Cooperative. The members may hire or discharge an approved advertising or pub-
lic relations firm by a majority vote of the entire membership. Such firm(s) will be subject to
change by a majority vote of all members of the Cooperative, in accordance with the voting pro-
cedures set forth in Article IV. The agreement between the agency and the Cooperative must
provide that any member of the Cooperative in good standing may at any time during the firm's
regular business hours examine billings to and payments by the agency for the account of the Co-
operative and that the agency will comply with Franchisor’s policies, procedures and agency cri-
teria, as may be changed or amended by Franchisor from time to time. When selecting and re-
taining an agency, the Cooperative shall conduct an open review including at least three agency
candidates. All agencies retained by the Cooperative must enter into a master service agreement
with the Cooperative, in a form approved by Franchisor.

    4. Campaign Approvals. No advertising, marketing or promotional programs or materials
may be used by the Cooperative or furnished to its members, and no advertising, marketing or
promotional activities may be conducted by the Cooperative, without the prior written approval
of Franchisor. For the avoidance of doubt, “advertising, marketing or promotional programs, ma-
terials and activities” include, without limitation: (A) any and all traditional mediums such as
print, radio, television, direct mail and sponsorships; and (B) any and all non-traditional medi-
ums such as eCRM, digital, social media, websites and other media or platforms that may be de-
veloped or adopted in the future. All such programs, materials and planned activities must be



                                               -4-
