creates any liability or obligation of PJF or any Affiliate of PJF unless and until the Lease is
assigned to, and accepted in writing by, PJF or its designated Affiliate.

       3.      Default and Notice.

               (a)    If there is a default or violation by Lessee under the terms of the Lease,
Lessor will give Lessee and PJF notice of such default or violation within a reasonable time after
Lessor receives knowledge of its occurrence.

               (b)     All notices to PJF must be sent by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, by nationally recognized courier service or electronic mail to the following address:

       If by mail:                                    If by courier service:
       Papa John's Franchising, LLC.                  Papa John’s Franchising, LLC
       P.O. Box 99900                                 2002 Papa John’s Boulevard
       Louisville, Kentucky 40269-0900                Louisville, Kentucky 40299
       Attn: Chief Legal & Risk Officer               Attn: Chief Legal & Risk Officer

       If by email:
       Franchise_Notice@papajohns.com

PJF may change its address for receiving notices by giving Lessor written notice of such new
address. Lessor agrees that it will notify both Lessee and PJF of any change in Lessor's mailing
address to which notices should be sent.

        4.      Termination or Expiration. Upon the expiration or termination of either the
Lease or the Franchise Agreement, Lessor will allow PJF to enter the Premises, without being
guilty of trespass and without incurring any liability to Lessor, to remove all signs and other
items identifying the Premises as a Papa Johns restaurant, to repossess any personal property
owned by PJF and to make such other modifications as are reasonably necessary to protect PJF's
proprietary marks and the Papa Johns System and distinguish the Premises from Papa Johns
restaurants. Provided, however, that this obligation of Lessor shall be conditioned upon PJF
giving Lessor prior notice of the modifications to be made and the items to be removed.

       5.      Consideration; No Liability.

               (a)     Lessor acknowledges that the provisions of this Addendum to Lease are
required pursuant to the Franchise Agreement under which Lessee plans to operate its business
and that Lessee would not lease the Premises without this Addendum.

               (b)     Lessor further acknowledges that Lessee is not an agent or employee of
PJF and that Lessee has no authority or power to act for, or to create any liability on behalf of, or
to in any way bind PJF or any Affiliate of PJF, and that Lessor has entered into this Addendum
to Lease with full understanding that it creates no duties, obligations or liabilities of or against
PJF or any Affiliate of PJF.


                                                A-2
