
        In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the
Franchise Disclosure Document for Papa John's Franchising, LLC for use in the State of Maryland shall be
amended as follows:

         1.       Item 17, "Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution," shall be amended by
 the addition of the following language:

                The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may
                not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. § 101 et seq.).

                The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale/or assignment/transfer shall
                not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

                A franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland
                Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

                Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must
                be brought within three (3) years after the grant of the franchise.

         2.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
 connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
 claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
 reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
 franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
 franchise.

         3.      Each provision of this addendum to the disclosure document shall be effective only to the
 extent, with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise
 Registration and Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this addendum to the
 disclosure document.


         4.       Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner
 has required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be
 deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement. In
 addition, all development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be deferred until the first
 franchise under the development agreement opens.
