and such materials may be used only during those periods designated by the Marketing Fund. You
shall indemnify and hold the Marketing Fund harmless from any and all loss, cost, liability or
expense incurred by the Marketing Fund by reason of your breach of this Section 7.



        8.       Waiver. No failure, refusal, delay or neglect of the Marketing Fund to exercise any
right hereunder or to insist upon strict compliance with or performance of your obligations under this
Agreement will constitute a waiver by the Marketing Fund of its right at any time to require full and
complete compliance with any and all provisions hereof, and no waiver by the Marketing Fund of
any breach, failure or default in performance by you under this Agreement will constitute a waiver
by the Marketing Fund of any subsequent breach, failure or default.



        9.        Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue.


                 (a)    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under
the laws of Kentucky, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law. In the event of
any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the By-Laws, the By-Laws
shall prevail.



                 (b)   Jurisdiction; Waiver of Defenses. The parties agree that any action, claim,
suit or proceeding arising under this Agreement or concerning the interpretation of this Agreement
shall be brought in a court of proper subject matter jurisdiction located in Jefferson County,
Kentucky. You irrevocably consent and submit to personal jurisdiction and venue in and by the state
and federal courts within Jefferson County, Kentucky and agree that you may be served with process in
any such action in accordance with the terms of the notice provision of this Agreement. You waive
all defenses of personal jurisdiction, venue and forum non-convenience for the purpose of carrying
out this provision.


                 (c)    Non-Exclusive Rights. No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to the
Marketing Fund by this Agreement is intended to be, and shall not be deemed, exclusive of any other

                                                 -5
