 Liability or Surplus, as the case may be from time to time, based on PJI’s prevailing interest rate on
 corporate borrowings in effect from time to time.

               1.4. The parties acknowledge that the cheese-purchasing program may be
 administered through an independent entity or through PJFS as a separate accounting ledger
 entry system. Accordingly, the term “Cheese-Purchasing Program” herein means the
 cheese- purchasing program administered in either fashion.

                 1.5. The term “Period” means the four- or five-week fiscal month corresponding to
 the fiscal calendar of PJI.

                1.6. The term “Product” means mozzarella cheese meeting the standards and
specifications of PJI and PJF (as the franchisor of Papa Johns pizza restaurants) and intended for
use in domestic Papa Johns pizza restaurants as a base ingredient of standard regularly offered
pizzas. For avoidance of doubt, Product does not mean or include specialty cheeses (even if made
from mozzarella or consisting of mozzarella) that are intended for use only on specified specialty
pizzas, limited-time offers or in or on products other than regular menu pizzas and side items such
as cheesesticks.

                1.7. The term “Restaurants” shall mean at any relevant time the domestic Papa
 Johns pizza restaurants then operated by Buyer.

          2. Purchase and Sale; Exclusivity . Subject to the term s and conditions of this
 Agreement, Buyer agrees to purchase from PJFS, and PJFS agrees to sell to Buyer, the Product in
 reasonable commercial quantities as ordered by Buyer f rom time to time during the Term, in order
 to satisfy all of Buyer’s requirements for Product at all of its Restaurants. Buyer shall place orders
 for the Product on a regular basis consistent with com mon practice and in accordance with Buyer’s
 good-faith estimates of its reasonable needs. All such purchases shall be for the purpose of
 meeting Product needs in Buyer’s Restaurants, and Buyer shall not resell any Product to any other
 party, other than incidental sales of the Product for use in restaurants operated by other Papa Johns
 Pizza operators, without the prior written consent of PJFS. Except as otherwise provided in this
 Agreement, during the Term Buyer shall not purchase or acquire, directly or indirectly,any Product
 from any party other than PJFS.

        3. Conditional Purchase Commitment . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2,
Buyer may, but has no obligation to, purchase the Product from PJFS during any Period
immediately following a Period during which an Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable
position is reported. If an Accumulated Cheese Purchase Liability position is thereafter incurred,
in any Period, Buyer’s obligation to purchase the Product from PJFS hereunder with respect to
Restaurants then subject to this Agreement resumes during the next immediately following Period,
and continue unless and until an Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable position is again
reported, as provided above. For purposes of this Section 3, the determination whether an
Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable position or an Accumulated Cheese Purchase Liability
position exists shall be made as of the end of the subject Period, in accordance with normal
accounting principles of PJFS, and communicated to the Papa Johns system during the next
following Period. During any Period in which Buyer has no purchase obligation as provided
above, Buyer may purchase or otherwise acquire the Product from a source other than PJFS,
                                                      2
