 the opportunity to participate in the ownership of the Franchise for a reasonable time after your
 death or incapacity, provided that: (i) this Agreement is valid and in effect; (ii) the spouse, heir(s)
 or representative meets all conditions and qualifications otherwise required of transferees; and (iii)
 such spouse, heir(s) or representative maintains and complies with all standards and obligations
 contained in this Agreement. An assignment under this Section 15 must be completed within a
 reasonable time, not to exceed 9 months from the date of death, permanent incapacity or dissolution
 and is (except as otherwise provided above) be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to
 lifetime transfers contained in Section 14, including our right of first refusal.

                 (b)      Management by Us. Pending assignment, if the Principal Operator ceases
 managing the Restaurant and another shareholder, member, partner or employee of you that
 qualifies as the Principal Operator does not assume such obligations, we may, at our sole option,
 appoint a manager to operate the Restaurant for your account. All expenses of the Restaurant,
 including compensation, travel and living expenses, and other costs of the appointed manager, and
 a reasonable per diem fee for our administrative expenses, will be charged to you. Operation of the
 Restaurant during any such period will be for and on your behalf. The appointed manager will have
 a duty only to utilize his or her best efforts in the management of the Restaurant and neither we nor
 the appointed manager will be liable to you or your owners for any debts, losses, liabilities or
 obligations incurred by the Restaurant, or to any of your creditors for any merchandise, materials,
 supplies or services purchased by the Restaurant during any period in which it is managed by our
 appointed manager.

         16.    Your Additional Covenants.

                 (a)      Limitations on Activities. If you are a corporation, limited liability
 company, partnership or other entity, you will not at any time during the Term of this Agreement
 own, operate or have any interest in any other business or business activity other than the operation
 of Papa Johns restaurants pursuant to agreements with us. If you are an individual and are also the
 Principal Operator, you have disclosed to us all businesses in which you have an interest, or are
 engaged in, and covenant that you will notify us of any intention to participate or engage, directly
 or indirectly, in any other business activity at least 30 days before undertaking such activity or
 becoming a party to any agreement or understanding relating to such activity. You will provide us
 with such information in regard thereto as we may reasonably request and will not engage or
 participate in any such activity unless you receive our written consent.

              (b)     Execution of Ancillary Documents. Simultaneously with the execution of
this Agreement, you will cause each person or entity owning any beneficial interest in you to execute
an Owner Agreement in the form provided by us.

               (c)    Your Non-Compete. You covenant that during the Term of this Agreement
(including the Renewal Term, if applicable) you will not engage in any of the following activities:

                        (i)      directly or indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is
 provided, enter into the employ of, render any service to or act in concert with any person,
 partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity that owns, operates, manages,
 franchises or licenses any business that (A) sells pizza or other non-pizza products (excluding soft

                                                 -36
