be effective on the earlier of: (i) the date of your receipt of the notice; or (ii) five days after the
mailing of such notice by us.

               (d)    Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, all your
rights under it terminate and you then have no further right to establish any Restaurants. In
addition, upon termination of this Agreement, we have the right to open and operate, or to franchise
others to open and operate, Papa Johns restaurants anywhere within the Development Area, except
that we may not locate or franchise another to locate a Papa Johns restaurant within the "Territory"
provided for in any Franchise Agreement that remains in effect after the date of termination.

                (e)     Post-Termination Non-Competition Covenants. If this Agreement is
transferred, expires or is terminated before your entry into a Franchise Agreement for at least one
Restaurant, you shall not, for a period of two years after the expiration or termination of this
Agreement, regardless of the cause for such expiration or termination (the "Restricted Period"),
anywhere within either: (1) the boundaries of the Development Area including, for purposes of
this Section 9.(e) only, any Non-Traditional Sites excluded from the Development Area by the
operation of Section 1.(a); or (2) a 10-mile radius of any business location at which you, we or our
Affiliate or our franchisee then conducts a Papa Johns business:

                        (i)     directly or indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is
provided, enter into the employ of, render any service to or act in concert with any person,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity that owns, operates, manages,
franchises or licenses any Competitive Business; or

                      (ii)   directly or indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is
provided, engage in any such Competitive Business on your own account; or

                        (iii)   become interested in any such Competitive Business directly or
indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is provided, as a partner, member,
shareholder, principal, agent, consultant or in any other relationship or capacity; provided, that the
purchase of a publicly traded security of a corporation engaged in such business or service shall
not in itself be deemed violative of this Agreement so long as you do not own, directly or indirectly,
more than 1% of the securities of such corporation.

       10.     Assignment or Transfer.

                (a)     Transfer by Us. We may transfer this Agreement or any portion of it, or
any or all of our rights, obligations or interests under it, without restriction. Upon any transfer or
assignment of this Agreement by us, we shall be released from all obligations and liabilities arising
or accruing in connection with this Agreement after the date of such transfer or assignment.

               (b)     Transfer by You. This Agreement, and your rights and obligations under
it, are and remain personal to you and are not transferable without our prior written consent,
provided, if you are an individual, we will not unreasonably withhold our consent to assignment



                                                  14
