ywhere in the Market Area shall commence on the date specified by Franchisor. In addition, af-
ter these By-Laws are approved and adopted, membership shall automatically commence when a
person or entity opens a new Restaurant or acquires an existing Restaurant anywhere in the Mar-
ket Area. Upon commencement of membership, each such entity and person shall be bound by
these By-Laws. The transfer of a Restaurant by a member shall automatically result in the trans-
feree being a member of Cooperative and being subject to the terms and provisions of these By-
Laws. During any period in which the members of the Marketing Fund approve making partici-
pation in and contribution to a Cooperative voluntary, no franchisee will be required to partici-
pate or be a member in the Cooperative unless there is an existing contractual commitment that
needs to be satisfied. Once such existing contractual commitment is exhausted, such franchisee
may withdraw from the Cooperative.

    2. Multiple Franchises. No franchisee shall be entitled to more than one (1) membership
in the Cooperative, regardless of the number of Restaurants franchised or licensed to such fran-
chisee. Any franchisee that owns, or is otherwise entitled, directly or indirectly, to vote or con-
trol more than 50% in the aggregate of the outstanding voting rights of another franchisee and
the franchisee so owned or controlled shall together be deemed to be a single franchisee and enti-
tled to only one (1) membership in the Cooperative.

   3. Contributions of Members.

        A.      Every member shall monthly contribute to the Cooperative the percentage of net
sales designated by a majority of the votes of the members, as such percentage may be changed
from time to time, subject to the limitations provided in Article III, Section 5. The term "net
sales" means the same amount upon which the members' royalty payments to Franchisor are de-
termined. The Cooperative may from time to time determine contributions on a different basis
(fixed amount, geographic location, etc.), subject to prior written approval from Franchisor.
Each month's contribution shall be paid on or before the 11th day of each month following the
close of the preceding fiscal Period under the Papa John's Franchise Agreement. Notwithstand-
ing the foregoing, the period for which each contribution is to be made and the due date may be
changed or amended as required from time to time by Franchisor or the members. A finance
charge of the lower of 12% (1% per month) per annum or the maximum amount permitted by
law will be applied to any balance outstanding after thirty (30) days of the due date.

     4. Members in Good Standing. Every member who continues to be a franchisee of Fran-
chisor who: (A) is not in default to the Cooperative on its required contributions for any Res-
taurant; and (B) is not in default to the Cooperative on any other obligation for a period in excess
of thirty (30) days; shall be a member in good standing. Any member who ceases to be a fran-
chisee of Franchisor or to own Restaurants in the Market Area shall thereupon cease to be a
member of the Cooperative, but shall remain liable to the Cooperative for any obligation accrued
at the time such membership ceased.

   5. Members Not in Good Standing. Any member who is in default on any obligation of
any kind to the Cooperative for a period in excess of thirty (30) days shall cease to be a member



                                               -2-
