Agreement to the Closing, Seller will provide to Buyer's representatives reasonable access to the
Restaurant sites with the proper notice and reasonable consent of the Seller, contracts, books and
records relating to their operations, leases, financing, vendors and payables, and any other
reasonable material.

        12.      Normal Conduct. From the date of execution of this LOI, Seller will operate each
Restaurant and maintain the Purchased Assets in the usual and normal course of business; ensure
that no material adverse change in the condition of the Purchased Assets occurs; not dispose of
any material Purchased Assets; and keep all trade payables current.

        13.    Expenses, Brokerage Fees and Other Payments. Each party shall bear its own
 expenses in connection with this Transaction, except as otherwise agreed to in the Purchase
 Agreement.

        14.      Good Faith. Each of the parties hereto agree to proceed in good faith to negotiate
and, if agreed to, execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement and consummate the transactions
contemplated herein.

       15.      Cooperation. Each of the parties agrees to cooperate in obtaining all necessary
approvals to the transaction contemplated herein.

       16.       Intention of the Parties. This LOI does not purport to include all of the essential
terms and conditions of the contemplated transaction and the parties shall not be obligated to
complete this transaction unless a definitive Purchase Agreement is executed.

         17.     Confidentiality. Neither party will make any public disclosure regarding the
existence of this LOI for this Transaction. The parties hereto will each maintain the confidentiality
of all the information received from other parties and use such information only for the purpose
contemplated by this letter and for no other purpose. If the Transaction is not consummated for
any reason, the parties will promptly return to each other all documents and other written
information received from the other party and will not retain any copies or summaries thereof.
This Paragraph shall survive the termination of this LOI.

        18.      Representations and Warranties by Buyer and Seller. The definitive acquisition
agreement shall contain representations and warranties by the Buyer and Seller typical in
transactions of this type, some of which will survive the date of closing.

        19.     Expiration Date for Acceptance of LOI. The offer described in this LOI is open
for acceptance by the Seller until the expiration date of [date].

         20.    Special Provisions.

              a.       Right of first refusal. Buyer acknowledges that under the Franchise
Agreement, Franchisor has a right of first refusal to acquire the Restaurants on substantially the
same terms and conditions as set forth herein. If Franchisor exercises its right of first refusal,
                                                   4
