

        1.      Items 1 and 5 are amended by adding the following paragraph:
                 Under all Development Agreements and Franchise Agreements that are subject to the
        Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, all initial fees will be deferred until 30 days after the close of the
        fiscal Period in which the Restaurant(s) is/are opened for trading. The Illinois Attorney General’s
        Office imposed this deferral requirement due to Franchisor’s financial condition.


        2.      A new footnote 18 is added following the Tables included in Item 7, providing as follows:
                 With respect to the column headed “When Payable” in the foregoing tables, all initial fees
        will be deferred until 30 days after the close of the fiscal Period in which the Restaurant(s) is/are
        opened for trading if the Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement are subject to the
        Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. The Illinois Attorney General’s Office imposed this deferral
        requirement due to Franchisor’s financial condition.


        3.     The “Summary” section of Item 17 (v), entitled Choice of Forum, is amended by adding the
following language:
                 However, any provision in the Franchise Agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue in
        a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void under section 4 of the current Illinois Franchise
        Disclosure Act, although the Franchise Agreement may provide for arbitration in a forum outside of
        the State of Illinois.


        4.     The “Summary” section of Item 17 (w), entitled Choice of Law, is amended by adding the
following language:
                 However, except for federal law, Illinois law applies if the jurisdictional requirements of the
        Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987 (as amended) are met.


        5.        Each provision of this addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met independently,
without reference to this addendum.
