standard Papa Johns Restaurant in the applicable Development Area until such time as the Restaurant
associated with the Development Area is open and operating. Once the Restaurant associated with the
Development Area is open and operating the applicable Development Area will no longer be protected
and we may locate or license another to locate any Papa Johns Restaurant in the applicable Development
Area, subject to the limitations provided for in the Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement.
As described below, we may operate other businesses in the Development Area or sell products under the
Marks in the Development Area subject only to the limitations provided for in the Franchise Agreement
and Development Agreement, and we may operate, or license others to operate, one or more Non-
Traditional Restaurants at suitable venues within the Development Area unless your Development Area
expressly includes such venue(s). We reserve the right to manufacture or sell directly or through third
parties, or both, within the Development Area, pizza and other products that are the same or similar to
those sold in Papa Johns Restaurants using brand names that are the same as or similar to the Marks,
through any channel of distribution (such as catalog sales within your Development Area or Territory,
the Internet, telemarketing, or other direct marketing) provided that such items are not sold through
Restaurants or on a ready-to-eat basis. We will not pay you any compensation for our business activities
inside or outside the Territory or Development Area, including us soliciting or accepting business from
inside the Territory or Development Area.

         You must operate your Restaurant at a specific location identified in the Franchise
Agreement. You may not conduct business at any site other than the Restaurant. You may not relocate
the Restaurant without our written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold. We will not, during
the term of the Franchise Agreement, locate or license another to locate a standard Papa Johns Restaurant
within a specified radius of your Restaurant, generally 1.5 miles (the "Territory"). In densely populated
urban areas, such as the city of New York, the Territory may be reduced to a one-half mile radius, due to
the density of households and/or the feasibility, logistics or economy of delivery operations. Before
signing the Development Agreement or requiring any fee payment from you, we will review with you the
radius that we intend to apply for your Restaurant(s) and the approximate customer base that is anticipated
to be included in the Territory for your Restaurant(s). Regardless of the radius used to establish the
Territory of your Restaurant(s), the Territory of a Restaurant opened pursuant to a Development
Agreement cannot exceed the boundaries of the Development Area and neither termination nor expiration
of the Development Agreement will alter this limitation. In addition, if you relocate the Restaurant, the
Territory will not change unless we agree in writing to a change, and the specified radius will not
necessarily be applicable to the relocated site of the Restaurant, even though we have approved the new
location. We also reserve the right to operate, and license others to operate, Non-Traditional Restaurants
at suitable venues within the Territory. A Non-Traditional Restaurant located within your Territory may
not offer delivery service unless you and we consent. If you open a Venue Non-Traditional Restaurant,
the Territory for that Restaurant will extend only to the bounds of the site in which the Non-Traditional
Restaurant is located. Neither Papa Johns nor any of our franchisees are prohibited from soliciting or
making sales within the Development Area or Territory. We have no duty to protect you from such sales,
solicitations, or attempted sales. We are not obligated to compensate you for soliciting or accepting
orders from within your Development Area or Territory. You may solicit or accept orders from customers
outside of your Territory and, if approved, you may do so using other channels of distribution, such as
the Internet and telemarketing.

        You will not receive an exclusive Territory. You may face competition from other Papa Johns
franchisees, from Restaurants that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
that we control.

       In operating the online ordering system, we will by necessity direct incoming orders to a specific
Papa Johns Restaurant. Under the Franchise Agreement, you must acknowledge and agree that we will
define the trade area for your Restaurant for the purpose of directing online orders to your
Restaurant. However, this online trade area definition does not grant you any exclusivity to any particular

                                                  - 51 -
