applicable form of Papa Johns Franchise Agreement being offered to new franchisees on the date
you give the notice under this Section for restaurants similar to your Restaurant, including all
exhibits and our other then-current ancillary agreements, which agreements shall supersede this
Agreement and all ancillary agreements in all respects, and the terms and conditions of which may
differ substantially from this Agreement; provided that such Franchise Agreement will provide for
a term of 5 years, and will provide that we may raise the Royalty (as defined in Section 3.(a)(i)) to
8% during any second renewal of the Franchise pursuant to this Section 2.(c).

                (d)     Expiration. Renewal of the Franchise after the Renewal Term does not
 constitute a renewal or extension of this Agreement, but is conditioned upon satisfaction of the
 above provisions. Upon expiration of the Renewal Term, further renewal rights will be governed
 by the Franchise Agreement executed by you upon expiration of the Initial Term. If you fail to meet
 any of the conditions under Section 2.(b) above with respect to the renewal of the Franchise, the
 Franchise automatically expire at the end of the Initial Term.

                 (e) Reclassification. After the Restaurant has been open for a minimum of one
 year, we may at any time evaluate the sales levels of the Restaurant on a trailing 12-months basis.
 If the weekly gross sales average (“PSA”) reaches $20,000 or greater on a trailing 12-month basis,
 we have the right to reclassify the store as a traditional Restaurant and require you to execute and
 deliver a standard Papa Johns Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant for the remainder of the
 Term, which Franchise Agreement shall supersede this Agreement and all ancillary agreements in
 all respects. Under the standard Franchise Agreement, you would be required to pay the standard
 royalty rate and to make your own full contributions to the Marketing Fund and the Cooperative
 (if any). You would also be required to offer delivery service and to offer the full range of menu
 items required for a traditional Papa Johns restaurant, including but not limited to, all sizes and
 types of pizza crusts, all side items and dessert items.
        3.      Franchise Fees and Payments.

              (a)     Initial Franchise Fee and Royalties. In consideration of the grant of the
Franchise, you must pay us the following fees:

                      (i)     an Initial Franchise Fee of $5,000, which must be paid upon the
 execution of this Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee will be deemed fully earned and non-
 refundable;

                          (ii)   a continuing royalty (the "Royalty") of 6% of Net Sales, provided we
 have the right to raise the Royalty to 8% during the Renewal Term. Net Sales means the gross
 revenues of the Restaurant from sales of approved products and provision of approved services
 (including revenues from special or promotional sales efforts such as Groupon, Living Social or
 other discounted sales programs), delivery services or any other revenue-generating activity carried
 on at, from or in connection with operation of the Restaurant and regardless of whether such sales
 are evidenced by cash, check, credit, charge account, gift card or otherwise, less: (a) sales tax, use
 tax or similar tax collected from customers in conjunction with such sales and paid in full to the
 state or other local taxing authority; (b) any documented refunds actually paid to customers (if such
 amounts were originally included in calculating Net Sales); and (c) proceeds from sales of used
 furniture and fixtures and similar sales not in the ordinary course of business. The Royalty is due
 on the 10th day of the month following each Period; and
                                                   -4
