default for more than sixty (60) days shall automatically lose all rights and privileges of a mem-
ber, including, without limitation, the right to attend meetings or receive notices thereof until
such member's default is cured, at which time such member will be automatically reinstated as a
member in good standing. Members not in good standing shall continue to be obligated to pay
the contributions provided for in accordance with the Papa John’s Franchise Agreement. The
Cooperative, by a majority vote of the voting power of the entire membership (exclusive of the
member who is to be suspended), may suspend the membership of a member for failure to com-
ply with the By-Laws and rules of the Cooperative, for repeated or material default in contribu-
tions or for conduct prejudicial to the best interests of the Cooperative. Before suspension, a
member will be entitled to an opportunity for a hearing before the members on the reasons for
suspension except that no hearing will be required if suspension is for default in contributions.
If the member fails to attend the hearing after receiving reasonable notice thereof, the member
will thereby waive right to a hearing and may be immediately suspended. Until reinstated by a
majority vote of the voting power of the entire membership, a suspended member shall be sub-
ject to such restrictions as the members voting for suspension may determine are appropriate.
Such restrictions may include, at the Cooperative’s discretion (excluding any participation by the
suspended member in the deliberation or decision-making): (A) denial of the right to participate
in Cooperative meetings or programs; (B) barring such member (including the member’s owners,
operators, employees and representatives) from serving as an officer or governing board member
of the Cooperative; (C) withholding benefits of the Cooperative’s advertising, marketing and
promotional efforts, in whole or in part, from the suspended member; or (D) any combination of
(A), (B) and/or (C). However, during the period of suspension, the suspended member shall nev-
ertheless continue to be obligated to abide by the By-Laws, policies and other rules of the Coop-
erative and to pay contributions required of members. All references to "member" or "mem-
bers" shall mean members in good standing unless the context otherwise requires.

    6. Confidentiality. Members shall not disclose or divulge information concerning the Co-
operative’s activities to any person or entity not authorized to receive such information by the
Cooperative or the Franchisor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Members are
specifically prohibited from disclosing or divulging future advertising, marketing, media or pro-
motional plans, whether national, Market Area or local in scope, to any person or party not au-
thorized by the Cooperative or the Franchisor to receive such information.


                 ARTICLE III: OPERATIONS OF THE COOPERATIVE


        1. Disposition of Member Contributions. All contributions of members and all income
thereon shall be received by the Cooperative in trust and shall be disbursed and expended solely
for the not-for-profit purposes set forth in these By-Laws. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the following specific provisions apply to the activities of the Cooperative:




                                              -3-
