Affiliates, franchise, or license others to operate or franchise, restaurants or other food related
establishments or businesses other than Papa Johns restaurants and we and our Affiliates may do so
within the Territory, provided, that such restaurants or food establishments or businesses do not sell
pizza on a delivery basis, or primarily on a carry-out basis. We also reserve the right to develop, market
and conduct any other business under the Marks or any other trademark.

                (g)      Other Methods of Distribution. We reserve the right to manufacture or sell,
directly or through third parties, or both, within and outside your Territory, pizza and other products
that are the same as or similar to those sold in Papa Johns restaurants using brand names that are the
same as or similar to the Marks, through any channel of distribution, provided that such items are
not sold through restaurants or on a ready-to-eat basis. We may in our discretion, contribute a
portion of the “Net Revenue” from such other methods of distribution, up to 30% of such Net
Revenue, to the Marketing Fund, to one or more co-ops or to a particular Papa Johns restaurant, in
our reasonable discretion. “Net Revenue” means amounts paid to us less costs of securing such
revenue, including costs to manufacture, market and distribute such items, lease or location costs,
shelving fees, commissions, product costs, marketing and overhead. Such contribution together with
the amount contributed from Partnership Marketing pursuant to Section 8.(k) is limited to $5.0
million in any fiscal year. These contributions will be made on at least an annual basis no later than
March 1st of the immediately following year. You acknowledge that these amounts may be spent
nationally, regionally or locally and that there is no obligation that the funds be spent in the area
where the revenues were generated.

                (h)     Impact Mitigation. In exercising our rights to open or license others to open
Papa Johns restaurants under Sections 5.(a) and 5.(b), we will take commercially reasonable steps to
balance the impact to the sales and profitability of the Restaurant (measured as of the date 12 months
after the opening of a new restaurant) with our duties to our shareholders and other franchisees to
expand the Chain. We will rely on, among other factors, growth or other changes in population or
demographic factors, changes to the System, new technologies, competitor actions, and advice or
reports from third party experts we hire. We will also give consideration to any report prepared by a
third party hired by you, provided such third party is independent and qualified to analyze new unit
impact in the QSR/delivery segment.

        6.       Premises.

               (a)      Leased Premises. If the premises where the Restaurant will be operated (the
"Premises") are leased, you must submit to us copies of the executed signature pages of all such
leases immediately after signing and copies of the full leases and any exhibits and addendum at such
other times as we may request. The term of all leases plus all options for you to renew must together
equal or exceed the Term. Each original lease, renewal lease, and modification of any type must be
submitted to us within thirty (30) days after execution by you and the landlord. All leases pertaining
to the Premises must also include an Addendum in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, or contain
terms and conditions that we approve as substantially similar to those contained in Exhibit A. A
copy of the executed Addendum must also be submitted to us.

              (b)    Owned Premises. If you own the Premises, you must submit to us proof of
ownership. If you decide to sell the Premises together with the Restaurant at any time before the
                                                    9
