Agreement and so long as you continue to operate the Franchise and otherwise continue to accept
the benefits of this Agreement during the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding, you must timely
pay all of the amounts due under this Agreement in the manner provided by this Agreement.

                       (iii)    Assumption and/or Assignment of Agreement. In any
Insolvency Proceeding, this Agreement cannot be assigned and/or assumed under 11 U.S.C.
Sections 363 or 365 or otherwise, without our express written consent, which consent may be
given or withheld in our sole and absolute discretion. In order to assume and/or assign the
Agreement in any Insolvency Proceeding, the defaults that must be cured as an express condition
to such assumption and/or assignment and otherwise in accordance with 11 U.S.C. Section
365(b)(1) include the Insolvency Expenses plus all amounts due from you to: (A) Papa Johns,
(B) any and all Affiliate(s) of Papa Johns, (C) PJFS, and (D) the Papa John's Marketing Fund,
Inc. or Papa Card, Inc., whether the amounts due from you arise under this Agreement or
otherwise.

                       (iv)    Rejection of Agreement. Rejection of this Agreement in any
Insolvency Proceeding, whether pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 365 or otherwise, will result in a
termination of this Agreement and a revocation and reversion to us of the Franchise and all of
the rights provided to you under this Agreement.

                (b)     Tolling; Severability. During any period in which any covenant in Section
20.(a)(x) is being breached by you, including any period in which we or you are seeking arbitral or
judicial enforcement, interpretation or modification of any such covenant, and all appeals thereof,
the Restricted Period will be tolled and suspended. You are bound to the maximum extent permitted
by law that is subsumed within the terms of any provision hereof, as though it were separately
articulated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may result from the striking of any provision
hereof by a court or arbitrator, or that a court or arbitrator holds to be unenforceable in a final
decision to which we are a party, or that may result from reducing the scope of any provision to the
extent required to comply with a court order, arbitral award or decisions or with any applicable state
or federal law, whether currently in effect or subsequently enacted.

               (c)       Construction. All references herein to the masculine, neuter or singular
will be construed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter or plural, as the case may require. All
acknowledgements, warranties, representations, covenants, agreements and obligations herein
made or undertaken by you are deemed jointly and severally undertaken by all those executing this
Agreement as you. All uses of the words “include”, “includes” and “including” mean “including
but not limited to” or “including without limitation.”

                (d)     Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the documents incorporated herein by
reference and the Exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties, and
all prior understandings or agreements concerning the subject matter hereof are canceled and
superseded by this Agreement, provided, nothing in this Agreement is intended to disclaim any
representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to you in connection with the
offer and sale of Papa Johns franchises. The Exhibits to this Agreement are incorporated herein by
reference and made a part hereof as if set out in full herein.

                                                  57
