produce marketing or promotional materials and conduct advertising as we deem necessary or
desirable. In any advertising, marketing or promotional efforts conducted solely by or for us, we
have the sole discretion to determine the products and geographical markets to be included, and
the medium employed and we have no duty or obligation to supply you with any advertising,
marketing or promotional materials produced by or for us at our sole expense.

               (h)     Ownership of Advertising. We are the sole and exclusive owner of all
materials and rights that result from advertising and marketing programs produced and conducted,
whether by you, us, the Cooperative or the Marketing Fund. Any participation by you in any
advertising, whether by monetary contribution or otherwise, does not vest you with any rights in
the Marks employed in such advertising or in any tangible or intangible materials or rights,
including copyrights, generated by such advertising. You will assign to us any contractual rights
or copyright that you acquire in any advertising and execute such documents or instruments as we
may reasonably require in order to implement the terms of this Section 8.(h).

                (i)     Internet Website, Social Media and Other Digital or Electronic
Marketing. You specifically acknowledge that any internet website, social media site or channel
(such as, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter accounts or sites) and other digital or electronic
marketing channels or media, whether now existing or hereafter created (collectively “Electronic
Channels”) are deemed "advertising" under this Agreement and will be subject to, among other
things, Sections 8.(f) and 8.(h) above. In connection with any Electronic Channel:

                     (i)   If required by us, you will establish a separate Electronic Channel,
but will only have one or more Electronic Channel page(s), as designated by us, within our
Electronic Channel;

                       (ii)   If we approve, in writing, a separate Electronic Channel for you,
then each of the following provisions apply:

                              (A)    You will not establish or use the Electronic Channel
       without our prior written approval.

                               (B)    Before establishing the Electronic Channel, you must
       submit to us (to the attention of your designated Papa Johns Marketing team contact
       unless otherwise directed by us), for our prior written approval, a sample of the proposed
       Electronic Channel domain name, handle, format, visible content (including proposed
       screen shots), and non-visible content (including meta tags) in the form and manner we
       may reasonably require; and you will not use or modify such Electronic Channel without
       our prior written approval as to such proposed use or modification.



                                                 18
