responsibility for the day-to-day operations of the Restaurant or the management of your business,
including ensuring the safety and security of your customers or employees; (ii) you independently
control the operation of your business and the results of your operations will depend substantially
on your business acumen and promotional and managerial efforts; and (iii) we have no responsibility
for or control or supervision of your employees or your employment practices.

                (c)      Indemnification. We will not be liable by reason of any act or omission by
you in your operation of the Restaurant or for any claim, cause of action or judgment arising there-
from against you or us. You undertake to hold harmless, defend and indemnify us and our Affiliates,
and our and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, agents, and employees, from and
against any and all losses, expenses, judgments, claims, costs (including reasonable attorney fees,
court costs, and expert witness costs, as and when incurred) and damages arising out of or in connection
with any claim or cause of action in which we or any of our Affiliates are or become a named
defendant and that arises, directly or indirectly, out of any act or omission by you in the construction or
operation of, or in connection with, your Restaurant.

        22.      Your Representations. You acknowledge and represent that:

                (a)      All information submitted to us by you or those owning an interest in you,
including all applications, financial statements and other documents and information, is true and
correct in all respects and does not omit any material statement or item of fact necessary to make
the statements made therein not false or misleading. You have disclosed to us the identity of all
owners of any beneficial interest in you and, if and to the extent that any such owner is a corporation,
LLC or other business entity, the names of all beneficial owners of such owner/entity.

               (b)     Neither you nor any shareholder, member or other holder of any ownership
interest in you is subject to or has entered into any other agreement, promise, representation,
warranty, covenant, court order or other legal or equitable obligation that conflicts with this
Agreement or prohibits or limits your entering into this Agreement or your ability to perform your
obligations under this Agreement.

        23.      ENFORCEMENT.

                (a)      Arbitration. Except for controversies, disputes or claims related to or based
on: (1) any action to stop or prevent any threat or danger to public health or safety resulting from the
construction, maintenance, or operation of the restaurant; (2) any debt collection action (other than our
enforcement of your obligation to contribute to a cooperative); or (3) at the claimant's option, any
alleged violation of any provision of section16, 17 or 20.(a)(x) hereof, or use of the marks after the
expiration or termination of this Agreement; all controversies, disputes or claims between us
(including our affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, agents or employees) and you (including
your owners, guarantors, affiliates and employees, if applicable) arising out of or related to:

                      (i)    this agreement or any other agreement between you and us or any
provision of any such agreement, including your obligation to contribute to a cooperative;


                                                    53
