unless you own the Premises or have a cross-waiver of subrogation with your landlord.

The limits of liability required for the policies specified in (iii) above are: $1,000,000 each
occurrence (combined single limit for bodily injury and property damage); $1,000,000 personal
injury liability; $1,000,000 aggregate for products - completed operations; and $2,000,000 general
aggregate. Except with respect to bodily injury and property damage included within the products
and completed operations hazards, the aggregate limit must apply separately to each location if
you operate at more than one location pursuant to multiple franchise agreements with us. You are
also required to maintain an umbrella policy with a minimum of $1,000,000 of coverage, which
must expressly provide coverage above the coverages listed above. We must be named as an
additional insured on all your policies. These are only the minimum coverages required. We do
not represent or warrant that these coverages are adequate. You should consult with your insurance
advisors to assure that you obtain all required coverages as well as any additional types of
coverages or higher limits that they may recommend.

               (b)     Other Insurance Requirements. Upon request, you will deliver to us
copies of all such policies of insurance and proof of payment therefor. All policies required
hereunder must provide that the insurer will endeavor to give us written notice not less than 30
days before the date the coverage is canceled, altered, or permitted to lapse or expire. We may,
from time to time, increase the limits of any required policy of insurance.

       19.     Termination by Us.

                (a)     Automatic Termination. You will be in default under this Agreement, and
the Franchise and all rights granted to you in this Agreement automatically terminate without
notice to you, if: (i) you make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a petition in
bankruptcy is filed by you; (ii) such a petition is filed against and not opposed by you; (iii) you are
adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent; (iv) a bill in equity or other proceeding is filed for the
appointment of a receiver or other custodian for your business or assets and consented to by you;
(v) a receiver or other custodian (permanent or temporary) of your assets or property, or any part
thereof, is appointed by any court of competent jurisdiction; (vi) proceedings for a composition
with creditors under any state or federal law are instituted by or against you; (vii) a final judgment
against you remains unsatisfied or of record for 30 days or longer (unless an appeal or supersedeas
bond is filed); (viii) you are liquidated or dissolved; (ix) any portion of your interest in the
Franchise becomes subject to an attachment, garnishment, levy or seizure by any creditor or any
other person claiming against or in your rights; (x) execution is levied against your business or
property; or (xi) the real or personal property of your Restaurant is sold after levy thereupon by
any sheriff, marshal, or constable.

               (b)     Upon Notice. You will be in default and we may, at our option, terminate
the Franchise and all rights granted in this Agreement, without affording you any opportunity to

                                                  40
