Section.

                         (ii)   To receive the benefits described in Section 3.(h), if applicable, you
must remain in good standing under this Agreement and all your Papa Johns Franchise
Agreements, including operations, marketing, development and amounts owed to us and our
affiliates, subsidiaries and vendors.

                     (iii)  The cost of the incentive equipment provided under Section 3.(h)
will be amortized over 48 months and the cost will be either reimbursed, repaid, or forgiven, as
follows:

                            (A)     Any period in which Franchisee is on or above the
cumulative number of Units required in the Development Schedule and you are otherwise in
compliance with this Agreement and all of your Papa Johns Franchise Agreements, amortization
amount of the equipment provided to you as of that date will be considered forgiven.

                                (B)     If you are below the cumulative number of Units required in
the Development Schedule at the end of any fiscal year or you are not otherwise in compliance
with this Agreement and all of your Papa Johns Franchise Agreements (and without limitation in
any manner of any remedies we have under this Agreement and/or applicable law with respect to
same), we will assess and bill you a development deferral service fee in an amount equal to
1/48th part of the total value of the incentive equipment provided to you as of that date and you
will be required to pay us that amount within thirty (30) days of our invoice. The foregoing
development deferral fee payment will be billed and collected monthly until the earlier of: (1) the
date that you are caught up with the Development Schedule; or (2) you have paid development
deferral service fees equaling the total value of all equipment incentive packages provided to you.
If any payments are not made when due (or cannot be collected due to insufficient funds or any
other reason): (1) no further incentive packages will be awarded; (2) no further openings of new
Restaurants will be permitted. Incentives and further Restaurant development will resume when.
All payments have been made and you are current with the Development Schedule.

                            (C)    If a Unit closes before the incentive equipment package is
fully paid or amortized, Franchisee will be required to pay the Franchisor the remaining
unamortized/unpaid amount.

                              (D)     If a Unit transfers before the incentive equipment package is
fully paid or amortized, Franchisee shall: (1) take all steps to ensure that Franchisee’s buyer is
fully aware of the outstanding incentive equipment package and shall ensure that Franchisee’s
buyer will assign and assume the obligations under the Equipment Lease; or (2) Franchisee will
be required to pay the Franchisor the remaining unamortized/unpaid amount prior to closing.

                              (E)    Notwithstanding the above, if the Restaurant is transferred
in whole or in part to any current owner or an owner with ownership via a family trust, the new
franchise owner will assume the obligation of the incentive pursuant to an assignment and



                                                  8
