in itself be deemed violative of this Agreement so long as you do not own, directly or indirectly,
more than 1% of the securities of such corporation; or

                     (iv)    divert or attempt to divert any business or any customers of the Papa
Johns chain to any Competitive Business.

To the extent required by the laws of the state in which the Restaurants are to be developed, the
duration or the geographic areas included within the foregoing covenants, or both, will be deemed
amended in accordance with Section 7.(e).

                (b)      Appropriation and Disclosure of Information. Except as permitted by
the Franchise Agreement, you will not at any time use, copy or duplicate the System or any aspect
thereof, or any of our trade secrets, recipes, methods of operation, processes, formulas, advertising,
marketing, designs, trade dress, plans, know-how or other proprietary ideas or information, nor
convey, divulge, make available or communicate such information to any third party or assist
others in using, copying or duplicating any of the foregoing. Confidential and proprietary
information does not include information that: (i) at the time disclosed to or obtained by you is in
the public domain; (ii) after being disclosed or obtained becomes part of the public domain other
than through your breach of this agreement; (iii) prior to disclosure was already in your possession,
as evidenced by written records kept in the ordinary course of business or by proof of actual use;
(iv) was received by you from a third party (other than our Affiliate) and which the third party had
a bona fide right to possess and disclose without breaching any duty, obligation or restriction
imposed by agreement, operation of law or otherwise; or (v) is independently developed by you
without reference to information disclosed to you by us or our Affiliate. Disclosure of information
in compliance with lawful legal process does not constitute a breach of this Agreement, provided,
that you give us notice of such process and a reasonable opportunity to oppose the disclosure or
seek other protective orders or remedies.

               (c)     Infringement. You shall not at any time commit any act that would infringe
upon or impair the value of the System or the Marks, nor engage in any business or market any
product or service under a trade-name, trademark, service mark, logo or design that is confusingly
or deceptively similar to any of the Marks.

                (d)      Reasonableness of Scope and Duration.           You acknowledge that the
covenants and agreements contained herein and in Section 9.(e) are, taken as a whole, reasonable
with respect to the activities covered and their geographic scope and duration, and you shall not
raise any issue of the reasonableness of the areas, activities or duration of any such covenants in
any proceeding to enforce any such covenants. You represent that you have other skills and
resources and that the restrictions contained in this Section 7 and in Section 9.(e) will not hinder
your activities or ability to make a living either under this Agreement or in general.

               (e)    Enforceability. You recognize and acknowledge that we may not be
adequately compensated by damages for a breach by you of any of the covenants and agreements
contained in this Section or in Section 9.(e), and that, in addition to all other remedies, we are
entitled to seek injunctive relief and specific performance. The covenants and agreements

                                                 11
