 including business formats such as Domino's, Pizza Hut, Mr. Gatti's, Sbarro and Little Caesars, or
 (B) derives 20% or more of its gross revenues, at the retail level, from the sale of pre-cooked,
 ready- to-eat food products on a delivery basis (a "Competitive Business"); or

                       (ii)    directly or indirectly, and irrespective of whether compensation is
 provided, engage in any such Competitive Business on your own account; or

                        (iii)    become interested in any such Competitive Business, directly or
indirectly and irrespective of whether compensation is provided, as an individual, partner, member,
shareholder, director, officer, principal, agent, employee, consultant or in any other relationship or
capacity; provided, that the purchase of a publicly traded security of a corporation engaged in such
business or service will not in itself be deemed violative of this Section so long as you do not own,
directly or indirectly, more than 1% of the securities of such corporation; or

                     (iv)     divert or attempt to divert any business or any customers of the Papa
Johns chain to any Competitive Business.

        To the extent required by the laws of the state in which the Restaurant is located, the
 duration or the geographic areas included within the foregoing covenants, or both, will be deemed
 amended in accordance with Section 25.(a).

                (d)     Managerial and Supervisory Employees. You covenant that you will use
 reasonable efforts to cause all persons who are involved in managerial or supervisory positions to
 be trained and instructed to observe your covenants in this Section 16 and Section 17 as if they
 were personally and individually bound thereby.

                (e)      Copying. You will not copy or duplicate our System or any aspect thereof,
 or any of our trade secrets, recipes, methods of operation, processes, formulas, advertising,
 marketing, designs, trade dress, plans, software, programs, know-how or other proprietary ideas or
 information nor will you convey, divulge, make available or communicate any such information to
 any third party or assist others in doing so (except as permitted or required by this Agreement).

                (f)     Validity of Marks and Copyrights; Registrations. You will not, either
 during the Term or any time thereafter, directly or indirectly challenge or contest the validity of, or
 take any action to jeopardize our rights in or ownership of, any of the Marks or any registration of
 a Mark or any Copyrighted Work. If you violate this provision, we will be entitled to equitable,
 monetary and punitive remedies and any other relief that may be available under applicable law,
 as well as the recovery of all costs, expenses and attorneys' fees incurred by us as a result of such
 violation.

                 (g)      Reasonableness of Scope and Duration. The covenants and agreements
 contained herein are, taken as a whole, reasonable with respect to the activities covered and their
 geographic scope and duration, and you will not raise any issue of the reasonableness of the areas,
 activities or duration of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce any such covenants. You
 acknowledge that you have other skills and resources and that the restrictions contained in this
 Section 16 will not hinder your activities or ability to make a living either under this Agreement or
 in general.
                                                 -37
