others to operate and that refers to the Restaurant, any of the Marks, us, or the System. The term Website
includes, among other things, Internet, mobile websites, mobile apps, intranet, e-mail and World Wide
Web home pages, as well as pages on social media and other electronic services (Franchise Agreement -
Section 8(h)). In connection with any Website: (a) before establishing the Website, you must submit to
us a sample of the Website format and information in the form and manner we may reasonably require;
(b) you may not establish or use the Website without our prior written approval; (c) in addition to any
other requirements, you must comply with the standards and specifications for Websites that we establish
from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing; (d) upon our written request, you must establish
your Website only as part of our Website and/or establish electronic links to our Website; and (e) if you
propose any material revision to the Website or any of the information contained in the Website, you
submit each such revision to us for our prior written approval.

        You must keep books and business records according to our formats (Franchise Agreement -
Section 13). You must buy and use the computer system and software that we periodically designate.

Information Systems

         For standard Papa Johns Restaurants, you will be required to purchase, license and use in the
operation of a Restaurant only the Designated Software and Information System that we periodically
specify and require. The "Information System" means those brands, types, makes and/or models of
communications and computer systems, hardware, software, network devices, security systems and
internet access platforms specified and required by us for use in the Restaurant or for transferring data
between or among Papa Johns Restaurants and/or us. The Information System will include hardware and
point of sale systems, back-office systems, information storage, retrieval, data transmission systems, third
party integrations, inventory management, software maintenance, reporting and analytics, research and
development systems, high speed broadband connectivity and monitoring, methods and means of
encryption, internet and intranet access, and security systems. The "Designated Software" means such
software, programming and services as we may specify and require for use by you in the Restaurant as
part of the Information System. The Designated Software may consist of software purchased or licensed
from us or a third party and/or contain third-party subcomponents that we have the authority to license or
sell to you ("Packaged Software") pursuant to and in accordance with agreements that we enter into with
such third-party vendors (collectively, the "Packaged Software Agreements"). The Designated Software
may also consist of or contain proprietary computer programs that we may develop or cause to be
developed and that are owned by us and that we designate for use on the Information System in the
operation of a Restaurant, including any modifications, additions or enhancements to such software
programs ("Proprietary Programs"). We may designate or approve an alternative or different Information
System.

        The Designated Software currently includes Proprietary Programs and the Information System is
proprietary to Papa Johns. We have not approved any compatible equivalent system. The hardware
components of the Information System are not proprietary to Papa Johns but must be acquired from an
approved supplier and must meet the specifications and requirements of the Information System.

        The Designated Software that we currently require is proprietary to Papa Johns. We will provide
software maintenance, research and development, upgrades and enhancements for the Information
System. The annual cost of this service is the Software Maintenance Fee of $375 per month (payable and
invoiced monthly), as further described in Item 6. Certain telephone and electronic support and assistance
is provided by The Papa Johns Help Desk. The cost to you is $80.00 per month (payable and invoiced
monthly), as described in Items 6 and 7.

        As further described in Items 6 and 7 and above, we require you to pay to us or our affiliate or
agent periodic Software Maintenance Fees. Papa Johns may install the Information System software for

                                                   - 42 -
