any time, we determine that you have underreported the Restaurant's Net Sales or underpaid any
Period's Royalty, Digital Fee, Marketing Fund contributions or payments to any of our Affiliates,
we are authorized to immediately debit your account for these amounts by any of the Payment
Methods. Any amounts of the Royalty, any other sums or fees owed to us or Marketing Fund
contributions that are not paid when due bear interest until paid at a rate equal to the lesser of:
(A) twelve percent (12%) per annum; or (B) the maximum rate permitted by law. Late charges,
interest or other credit terms relating to your purchase of goods or services from our designated
suppliers, including our Affiliates, will be as determined by the policies of the applicable supplier
from time to time.

                        (iii)  You must notify us at least 30 days before closing or making any
change to the account against which such debits are to be made. If such account is closed or ceases
to be used, you must immediately provide all documents and information necessary to permit us to
debit the amounts due from an alternative account. You acknowledge that these requirements are
only a method to facilitate prompt and timely payment of amounts due and do not affect any
obligation or liability for amounts owed. If for any reason your account cannot be electronically
debited, you must submit payments by wire transfer or certified or cashier's check on or before the
dates when due. You must maintain a sufficient balance in your designated bank account to ensure
that all transactions made by any of the Payment Methods are promptly and fully paid and you
undertake to indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all damages, losses, costs and
expenses resulting from any dishonored debit against your account, regardless whether resulting
from the act or omission of you or your bank; provided that you are not obligated to indemnify us
for any dishonored debit caused by our negligence or mistake.

                       (iv)      Notwithstanding the commencement of any "Insolvency Proceeding"
(as defined in Section 25.(a)) by or against you, you must: (A) comply with the Payment Methods
described above; (B) use your best efforts to obtain court approval of the Payment Methods as may
be necessary or otherwise requested by us; and (C) seek such court approval as expeditiously as
possible, but in no event later than five business days after the commencement of such Insolvency
Proceeding.

        4.     Franchisor Services. We will provide to you the following services at such time and
in such manner as we deem appropriate:

               (a)      specifications for the design of the Restaurant and related facilities to be used
in the operation of the Restaurant;

              (b)     specifications for fixtures, furnishings, decor, communications and computer
hardware and software, signs and equipment;

               (c)       the names and addresses of designated and approved suppliers, and standards
and specifications for (i) all food products, beverages, ingredients and cooking materials sold from
or used in the operation of the Restaurant, and (ii) all containers, boxes, cups, packaging, menus,
uniforms and other products and materials used in connection with the operation of the Restaurant;


                                                    6
