associated with the Marks, including publicly disparaging us, the System, the products or services
offered by Papa Johns restaurants, or any of our officers or directors; (iii) at any time engage in any
business or market any product or service under any name or mark that is confusingly or deceptively
similar to any of our Marks; (iv) use any of the Marks as part of your corporate or trade name, or as
part of any e-mail address, web-site address, domain name, or other identification of your business in
any electronic medium without our express, written consent; (v) use any trademark, trade name,
service mark, logo, slogan or emblem that we have not authorized for use in connection with the
Restaurant, including any co-branding or cross-promotional efforts containing the name, trademark,
service mark, logo or emblem of any third party, without our approval, or (vi) use the Marks or
Copyrighted Works in any advertisements that infringe the intellectual property rights of a third-
party. You must obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as required by applicable state
law and forward to us copies of the same upon request.

                (d) Designation as You. You must identify yourself as the owner of the Franchise
in conjunction with the use of the Marks, including on checks, invoices, receipts, letterhead,
contracts, and all employment-related documents (such as employment applications, pay checks or
pay stubs, time cards, employee handbooks or manuals and employment agreements). You must
also post, at conspicuous locations on the Premises in both the area of the Restaurant accessible to
the public and in an area conspicuous to your employees, such as adjacent to the time clock or other
employee check-in area, a notice that specifies your name, followed by the phrase "an independently
owned and operated franchise" or such other phrase as we direct or approve.

               (e)      Discontinuance of Use; Additional Marks and/or Copyrights. You must:
(i) modify or discontinue use of any Mark or Copyrighted Work if a court of competent jurisdiction
or other governing body orders it and do so within the timeframe required by such court or
governing body, or if we in our sole discretion deem it necessary or advisable; (ii) comply with
our directions regarding any such Mark or Copyrighted Work within 30 days after receipt of notice
from us; and (iii) use such additional or substitute Marks or Copyrighted Works as we may direct.
We are not obligated to compensate you for any costs or expenses incurred by you to modify or
discontinue using any Mark or Copyrighted Work or to adopt additional or substitute Copyrighted
Works or Marks.

       8.       Advertising.

               (a)     Contributions and Expenditures. Recognizing the value of advertising and
the importance of the standardization of advertising to the furtherance of the goodwill and public
image of the System, each month during the Term, you must make the following contributions and
expenditures for advertising:

                       (i)      To the extent you are not obligated to perform grand opening
marketing pursuant to a development agreement, you must submit to us proof at least four (4) weeks
prior to opening of the Restaurant that you have a grand opening marketing budget of Ten Thousand
Dollars ($10,000.00) to be used to support pre-opening and for use within the first ninety (90) days
of the opening of the Restaurant. You must provide us receipts and invoices evidencing the
expenditure of such funds within 120 days after the opening of the Restaurant. The sufficiency of
such receipts and invoices will be in our reasonable discretion. If you do not provide reasonable
                                                  12
