or indirectly, irrespective of whether compensation is provided, as an individual, partner, member,
shareholder, director, officer, principal, agent, employee, consultant or in any other relationship or
capacity, provided that the purchase of a publicly traded security of a corporation engaged in such
business or service does not in itself constitute a breach of this Section so long as you do not own,
directly or indirectly, more than 1% of the securities of such corporation, or

                             (D)     divert or attempt to divert any business or any customers of
the Papa Johns chain to any Competitive Business.

                       (xi)    We shall have the option, to be exercised within fifteen (15) days after
termination or expiration of your rights hereunder, to purchase from you any or all of the furnishings,
equipment, signs, fixtures, supplies, the information systems or inventory related to the operation of
the Restaurant, at your cost or fair market value, whichever is less. This purchase option shall run
simultaneously with the Asset Purchase Option outlined in Section 20(b). If the parties cannot agree
on a fair market value within a reasonable time, an independent appraiser shall be designated by us,
and the appraiser’s determination shall be binding. If we elect to exercise any option to purchase
herein provided, we shall have the right to set off all amounts due from you, if any, against any
payment therefor.

You are also hereby obligated to comply with the other covenants contained in this Agreement that
expressly or necessarily by their terms survive the expiration, termination or transfer of this
Agreement, including the covenants not to disclose trade secrets or confidential information
contained in Sections 16 and 17.

               (b)       Asset Purchase Option.

                        (i)      Option. Upon termination of this Agreement by us, upon termination
of this Agreement by you without cause or upon expiration of this Agreement, we have the option,
exercisable by giving written notice thereof within 15 days from the date of such expiration or
termination, to purchase from you all (except as otherwise provided in this Section) the assets used
in the Restaurant. Assets subject to this purchase option include leasehold improvements, equipment
(including hardware and ancillary equipment components of the Information System), furniture,
fixtures, signs and inventory for the Restaurant, but not any real property. We have the unrestricted
right to assign this option to purchase. We or our assignee are entitled to all customary warranties
and representations given by the seller of a business, including representations and warranties as to:
(A) ownership, condition and title to assets; (B) liens and encumbrances relating to the assets; and
(C) validity of contracts and liabilities inuring to us or affecting the assets, contingent or otherwise.

                       (ii)    Purchase Price. The purchase price for the assets of the Restaurant
will be the fair market value thereof, determined as of the date of termination or expiration of this
Agreement in a manner consistent with reasonable depreciation of leasehold improvements owned
by you and the equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs and inventory of the Restaurant, provided that
the purchase price will not contain any factor or increment for any trademark, service mark or other
commercial symbol used in connection with the operation of the Restaurant, any goodwill or "going
concern" value for the Restaurant or any value for computer software or other proprietary
                                                   51
