member contributions for any other purpose is prohibited and will constitute a breach of this
Agreement if you knowingly or intentionally acquiesce or participate in, aid, abet or act in furtherance
of any such prohibited use.

                       (iv)    We make contributions to each Cooperative of which we are a member
on the same basis as required of comparable Papa Johns restaurant franchisees within the System.

                       (v)     No advertising, marketing or promotional programs or materials may
be used by the Cooperative or furnished to its members, and no advertising, marketing or
promotional activities may be conducted by the Cooperative, without our prior written approval. All
such programs, materials and planned activities must be submitted to us for approval in accordance
with the procedure set forth in Section 8.(f). Advertising agencies employed by a Cooperative
must be approved by us.

                       (vi)    Subject to the provisions of this Section 8, each Cooperative has the
right to require its members to make contributions to the Cooperative in such amounts as are
determined by the governing body of the Cooperative. If a franchisee elects to reduce contributions
to the Cooperative pursuant to Section 8.(a)(iii), the Cooperative may: (A) allocate benefits of the
Cooperative’s advertising, marketing and promotional efforts, in whole or in part, on a basis
reasonably calculated to apportion such benefits according to relative contribution rates (as a percent
of Net Sales) of the members; and/or (B) bar such franchisee from serving as an officer or governing
board member of the Cooperative.

                       (vii)   You must make your contributions to the Cooperative on the date and
in the manner designated by the Cooperative and submit such statements and reports as may be
designated from time to time by us or the Cooperative. The Cooperative must submit to us such
statements and reports as we may designate from time to time and we have the right to examine or
audit the books and records of the Cooperative to ensure compliance with the terms of this
Agreement. Amounts contributed to the Cooperative are unencumbered assets of the Cooperative
and will not be refunded upon your withdrawal from the Cooperative or upon transfer or closure of
the Restaurant, even if such contributions are held by the Cooperative and not expended at the time
of such withdrawal, closure or transfer.

                       (viii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, we, in our sole discretion, may, upon
written request of a franchisee stating reasons supporting such request, grant to any franchisee an
exemption from the requirement of membership in a Cooperative or allow a restaurant or member
to contribute at a reduced rate if we determine, in our reasonable judgment, such exemption or
reduced rate is warranted by the restaurant or franchisee not receiving full media coverage or by
other factors that we, in our reasonable judgment, deem relevant. Such an exemption or rate
reduction may be for any length of time and may apply to one or more Papa Johns restaurants owned
by such franchisee. We may also exempt one or more restaurants owned or controlled by us from
the requirement of membership in a Cooperative for such periods as we reasonably deem
appropriate. We also have the right to authorize any Cooperative to determine contributions on a
different basis (fixed amount, geographic location, etc.). Our decision on any issue concerning
Cooperative contributions is final.

                                                   16
