acceptable minimum criteria that Franchisor establishes solely for Franchisor’s own purposes.
Transferee hereby acknowledges that the results of Transferee’s operation of a Papa John’s pizza
franchise will depend substantially on Transferee’s business acumen and promotional and
managerial efforts and that Franchisor has made no representation or warranty that Transferee will
earn, can earn, or is likely to earn a gross or net profit. As a further condition to Franchisor’s
consent, Transferor agrees to pay all amounts due for Royalties, Marketing Fund payments and co-
op payments on Net Sales through the Transfer Date, as well as all amounts due to Franchisor’s
subsidiaries.


          3.    Effect of Transfer. Transferor shall have no further duties or obligations under the
Franchise Agreement(s) after the Transfer Date, provided, this Agreement shall not release
Transferor from:     any liability that arose prior to the Transfer Date; or any of Transferor's
covenants that, by their terms, survive the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement(s)
(including without limitation, covenants relating to non-competition, copying or duplication of the
System and validity of trademarks and copyrights); nor shall this Agreement release any person who
is a signatory (or required to be a signatory) to the Owner Agreement.


          4.    Owner Agreement. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, each
shareholder [member] of Transferee shall execute and deliver to Franchisor an Owner Agreement
in the form attached hereto.


          5.    Advertising Agreement. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement,
Transferee shall execute and deliver to Franchisor an Advertising Agreement in the form attached
hereto.


          6.    Authorization for Automatic Withdrawal. Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, Transferee shall also execute and deliver an Authorization for Automatic Withdrawal.
Unless otherwise specified by Franchisor, Transferee agrees to remain on automatic withdrawal
throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement(s).




                                                 2
