traffickers) and similar restricted-party listings, including those maintained by other governments
pursuant to applicable United Nations, regional or national trade or financial sanctions.

                “System Restaurants” means any restaurants or other commercial establishments
offering food and beverage items at retail that are directly or indirectly owned or operated by (a)
Franchisor or any of its current or future Affiliates, (b) any other Person pursuant to or in
connection with any franchise agreement or similar agreement with Franchisor or any of its current
or future Affiliates or (c) any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement in which Franchisor
or any of its current or future Affiliates participates.

       2.      Covenants of the Parties

               (a)     Franchise Group.

                       (i)    Each member of the Franchise Group hereby represents and
warrants to Franchisor that, as of the Effective Date, the Franchise Group has a consolidated net
worth of at least $___________. During the Term of this Agreement, the Franchise Group shall at
all times maintain a consolidated net worth of not less than $___________.

                      (ii)     Each member of the Franchise Group hereby represents and
warrants to Franchisor that, as of the Effective Date, no Covered Person (1) has entered a plea of
guilty or nolo contendere to, or has been charged or indicted with or convicted of, a felony, (2) has
engaged in any acts of moral turpitude, dishonesty, theft or unethical business conduct, or (3) is a
Restricted Person.

                        (iii)   During the Term, each member of the Franchise Group agrees to,
and agrees to cause the other Covered Persons to, adhere to the highest standards of honesty,
integrity and fair dealing in all dealings with the public and to operate the Covered Business in
strict compliance with all applicable Laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during
the Term, no member of the Franchise Group shall, or shall permit or allow any other Covered
Person to, (1) enter a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, or be charged or indicted with or
convicted of, a felony or (2) engage in acts of moral turpitude, dishonesty, theft or unethical
business conduct. If, at any time during the Term, any member of the Franchise Group or any other
Covered Person takes or becomes subject to one of the actions or conditions specified in clauses
(1) or (2) above, the Franchise Group acknowledges and agrees that such action or condition shall
constitute a breach of the Covered Franchise Agreements that shall entitle Franchisor or its
applicable Affiliates to terminate any or all of such Covered Franchise Agreements (provided that,
in the case of the president/chief executive officer/equivalent officer, the chief financial
officer/equivalent officer and chief operations officer/equivalent officer of , the Franchise Group
shall have a reasonable opportunity to replace such person, in which case there shall be no violation
or breach of this Section 2.(a) or the Covered Franchise Agreements).

                        (iv)     Each member of the Franchise Group represents and warrants to
Franchisor that, as of the Effective Date and at all times during the Term, no Covered Person, nor
any officer, director or, to the Franchise Group’s knowledge, employee, or funding source of any
of the foregoing is or will be a Restricted Person. Further, during the Term, no member of the


                                                 5
