Information System in accordance with our published maintenance program, as amended from time
to time (which will also be adhered to by our Papa Johns restaurants). If you fail to maintain the
Information System in accordance with our published maintenance program, you must reimburse
any costs that we or our agents incur to bring your Information System up to our standards. The
published maintenance program may include a hardware spares program and a preventive
maintenance program. Such maintenance is necessary to help ensure the proper functioning of the
Information System. You will not attach any device to the Information System without our prior
written approval. If any component of the Information System reaches its end of useful life, and the
ongoing use of such component would, in our discretion, result in an unreasonable security risk, then
you must immediately replace such components with approved replacements. Any installation of
hardware for the Information System must be performed securely according to the terms and
conditions outlined herein and as such terms and conditions may be updated by us at our discretion.
We reserve the right to disable the Information System at the Restaurant if we deem reasonably
necessary for security purposes due to your utilization of such non-secure end-of-life components or
non-secure installation of hardware. You agree to dispose of non-secure end-of-life hardware in
accordance with PCI standards.

                                (D)    Ideas and Suggestions. You must promptly disclose to us all
ideas and suggestions for modifications or enhancements of the Information System or any
component thereof that are conceived or developed by or for you, and we and our Affiliates have
the right to use and license such ideas and suggestions without compensation to you therefor. All
modifications and enhancements made to the Information System, together with the copyright
therein, are our property (or of the appropriate Packaged Software vendor if we so designate),
without regard to the source of the modification or enhancement, and you hereby assign all of your
right, title, and interest in any ideas, modifications, and enhancements to us (or the appropriate
Packaged Software vendor if we so designate). You must execute any documents, in the form
provided by us, that we determine necessary to reflect such ownership.

                              (E)      Removal. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement,
you must: (1) allow our employees or agents to remove the Designated Software from the
Information System; (2) immediately return to us the Designated Software, each component thereof,
any data generated by the use thereof, all documentation for the Designated Software and other
materials or information that relate to or reveal the Designated Software and its operation; and (3)
immediately destroy any and all back-up or other copies of the Designated Software or parts thereof,
and any data generated by the use of the Designated Software (other than financial information
relating solely to you). Any destruction of hardware must be completed in accordance with PCI
standards and requirements.

                        (v)       On-Site Installation Fee. Our Affiliate, Papa John’s USA, Inc.
 (“PJUSA”), offers installation services for the Designated Software. You are not obligated to use
 PJUSA’s services but installation must be performed by a qualified provider approved by us. If
 PJUSA installs the Designated Software on your Information System, you must pay to PJUSA
 upon installation an on-site installation fee (the "On-Site Installation Fee") at its then-current rates,
 plus all reasonable travel, lodging and other expenses that PJUSA incurred in connection with the
 installation. In exchange for this On-Site Installation Fee, PJUSA will install the Designated
 Software on the Information System and provide one or more system installers/trainers at the
                                                  -19
