 acknowledge that our specifications and standards with respect to public health or safety, or the
 health or safety of employees and data privacy and security may be stricter or more rigorous than the
 requirements of applicable laws and that you must in all cases adhere to our standards and
 specifications.


                (d)       Training. You must, at your own expense, conduct such training and
instruction, using such materials, equipment, and supplies, as we reasonably require from time to
time. Should any employee or prospective employee of yours perform work that in our reasonable
judgment requires additional operational training, skills or knowledge, such employee must take part in
such additional training and instruction. You are solely responsible for all wages, travel and living
expenses, and all other costs incurred by you and your employees in connection with any training or
instruction that we provide or require. You agree not to employ any person who fails or refuses to
complete applicable training programs or is unqualified to perform his or her duties in accordance
with the requirements established for the operation of a Papa Johns Restaurant. You acknowledge
and understand that ensuring applicable training programs for employees of the Restaurant are
completed and training your employees to follow safe and proper procedures for the operation of the
Restaurant will remain your sole responsibility even if, from time to time, you obtain training
materials, tools, and advice from us or our affiliates about these topics. You further acknowledge
and understand that it is not our responsibility or duty to implement any employment or staffing
training programs, nor do we have the responsibility or duty to instruct your employees about matters
of safety and security in or around the Restaurant or delivery service area or on the way to or from
the Restaurant. By providing training materials, tools, and advice, we do not assume any of your
responsibilities or duties.

                (e)       Manuals. We will lend to you one or more manuals that contain: (i) the
mandatory and suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures prescribed from time to
time by us; and (ii) information relative to other obligations hereunder and the operation of the
Restaurant (the "Manuals"). The Manuals remain our sole property and contents are considered
proprietary information of Papa Johns. We may, from time to time, revise the contents of the Manuals.
To the extent that we deem it necessary or appropriate, we will provide you with policy and procedure
statements or other written notice of specifications, standards and procedures. You must promptly
adopt and use the formulas, methods, procedures, policies, menus, recipes, food products and other
standards and specifications contained in the Manuals, policy and procedure statements and other
written notices as issued and/or as modified from time to time by us. All information in the Manuals,
policy and procedure statements and other notices constitutes confidential information and trade
secrets, subject to the provisions of Section 17. You will not copy any part of the Manuals or any other
communication or information provided by us.

               (f)    Variations in Standards. You will not implement any change to the System
without our prior written consent. However, because complete and detailed uniformity under
varying conditions may not be possible or practical, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion and
as we may deem in the best interests of you, other franchisee(s) or the Chain, to vary the System,
including specific standards, policies and/or procedures, within the Restaurant or any other
restaurant(s) in the Chain based upon peculiarities of a particular location or circumstances,
including: density of population and other demographic factors; size of the Territory; business
                                                  28
