
        Christopher Coleman was appointed to the Papa Johns board of directors in October 2012. Mr.
        Coleman is based in the UK, where he is Group Head of Banking at Rothschild & Co. He is a
        Global Partner of Rothschild & Co, Chairman of Rothschild & Co Bank International and also
        serves on a number of other boards and committees of the Rothschild & Co Group, which he
        joined in 1989.

        Mr. Coleman currently serves as a non-executive director of Barrick Gold Corporation (NYSE:
        GOLD) (and is a member of its compensation committee and its ESG and nominating
        committee). Mr. Coleman was previously non-executive Chairman of Randgold Resources until
        the Barrick/Randgold merger in 2019.

Director: John Garratt

        John Garratt was appointed to the Papa Johns board of directors in October 2023. Mr. Garratt
        is the former President and Chief Financial Officer of Dollar General. He was named
        Executive Vice President and CFO of Dollar General in 2015, holding the position until 2022
        when he was promoted to President and CFO.

Director: Stephen Gibbs

        Stephen Gibbs was appointed to the board of directors in October 2023. Mr. Gibbs recently
        served as Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller for The Home
        Depot from 2020 to 2023. He jointed The Home Depot from Tyson Foods, where he held the
        position of Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Account Officer.

Director: Laurette Koellner

        Laurette Koellner was appointed to the Papa Johns Board of Directors in June 2014. She
        currently serves on the board of directors of Celestica, Inc. (NYSE: CLS) (including service as
        the chair of its audit committee, and a member of its compensation, and nominating and corporate
        governance committees), The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (Nasdaq: GT) (including
        service as Lead Director and as a member of its compensation, governance, and executive
        committees) and Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) (including service as chair of its audit
        committee and member of its compensation and executive development, and governance and
        nominating committees).

Director: Jocelyn Mangan

        Jocelyn Mangan was appointed to the Papa Johns Board of Directors in March 2019. Ms. Mangan
        is the CEO and Founder of Him For Her, a social enterprise whose aim is to change for-profit
        boards of directors to include the world’s most talented women. She has served in this capacity
        since May 2018.

        Ms. Mangan currently serves on the board of Wag! (Nasdaq: PET), a technology platform that
        supports pet care, and ChowNow, an online food ordering system and marketing platform.

Director: Sonya E. Medina

        Sonya Medina was appointed to the Papa Johns board of directors in September 2015. Ms.
        Medina is a branding, social impact and communications strategist.


                                                 -6-
