
                 (a)       Transfer Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, “transfer” means any
issuance, sale, assignment, gift, grant, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order, merger,
consolidation, share exchange, or transfer in substance of a beneficial interest in the Restaurant or all
or a substantial part of its assets (including transfer of an interest in or right to receive the profits of
the Restaurant or the obligation to bear the risk of loss incurred in the operation of the Restaurant)
even if not formally styled as a transfer of ownership of the Restaurant, and any ownership or
structural changes in you or any beneficial owner in you, including any merger, reorganization,
issuance of additional shares or classes of stock or additional membership or partnership interests.

                 (b) Assignment by Us. We may assign this Agreement or any or all of the rights,
 interests, benefits or obligations arising hereunder without restriction. Upon any assignment of this
 Agreement by us, we will be automatically released from all obligations and liabilities arising or
 accruing in connection with this Agreement after the date of such transfer or assignment.

                 (c)     Transfers by You. Your rights and interests under this Agreement are and
 remain personal to you. You recognize that we have granted the Franchise in reliance on your
 business and financial capacity and other attributes, and in reliance upon the Owner Agreement.
 Accordingly, neither you nor any beneficial holder of any capital stock or other ownership interest
 in you (if you are a corporation or other entity) may, without obtaining our prior written consent,
 transfer: (i) any interest in the Franchise or this Agreement (including any security interest); (ii)
 any material portion of your assets or the assets of the Restaurant; or (iii) any stock or other
 ownership interest in you or any owner of you; except as provided in this Section 14.(c). We have
 the right to communicate with both you, your counsel, if any, and the proposed transferee on any
 aspect of such proposed transfer. Our consent to a particular transfer does not constitute consent
 to any subsequent, modified, or different transfer and does not constitute a waiver of any claims
 that we have against you. Any attempted transfer not in accordance with this Agreement shall have
 no effect and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. If you grant a security interest in your
 assets to secure a loan for purchase of the Premises or construction, leasehold or equipment costs,
 you will ensure that the secured party agrees in writing that: (A) upon default by you, it will notify
 us and we will have the right, but not the obligation, to be substituted as the debtor and to cure the
 default; and (B) any acceleration of indebtedness provisions of the loan documents will not be
 exercisable if we cure the default and assume the indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of a default
 and our election to assume the indebtedness, the Franchise and this Agreement automatically
 terminate and we have the right under Section 20 to purchase the assets used in the Restaurant.
 The purchase price as determined under Section 20 will be reduced by the amount of the debt that
 we assumed.

                        (i)     Restricted Transfers. Except for Permitted Transfers as described
 in subsection 14.(c)(vii) below, you must give us at least 45 days prior written notice of any
 intended transfer of any of your rights or interest under this Agreement or of the proposed transfer
 of any interest in you, the Restaurant, or any material portion of your assets or the assets of the
 Restaurant. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 14.(c)(vi) below, we will not unreasonably
 withhold our consent to a proposed transfer.

                      (ii)    Right of First Refusal. Irrespective of the qualifications or accept-
ability of any prospective transferee, we have the first right and option to purchase the interest
                                                   -30
