breach by you of any of the covenants and agreements contained in this Section, and that we will,
in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance. The
covenants and agreements contained in this Section will be construed as separate covenants and
agreements, and if any court or arbitrator makes a final determination that the restraints provided
for in any such covenants and agreements are too broad as to the area, activity or time covered,
said area, activity or time covered may be reduced to whatever extent the court or arbitrator deems
reasonable, and such covenants and agreements may be enforced as to such reduced area, activity
or time.

        17.      Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. You understand that we have dis-
closed or will disclose to you certain confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets.
Except as necessary in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and as approved by us, you
may not, during the Term or at any time after the expiration or termination of the Franchise,
regardless of the cause of termination, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or
communicate or divulge to, or use for the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets,
confidential information, knowledge or know-how concerning the recipes, food products,
advertising, marketing, designs, plans, software, programs or methods of operation of the
Restaurant or the System. You will disclose to your employees only such confidential, proprietary
or trade secret information as is necessary to operate your business hereunder and then only while
this Agreement is in effect. Any and all information, knowledge, or know-how, including drawings,
materials, equipment, marketing, recipes, and other data, that we designate as secret or confidential
is deemed secret and confidential for purposes of this Agreement. Confidential and proprietary
information does not include information that: (i) at the time disclosed to or obtained by you is in
the public domain; (ii) after being disclosed or obtained becomes part of the public domain other
than through your breach of this agreement; (iii) before disclosure was already in your possession,
as evidenced by written records kept in the ordinary course of business or by proof of actual use;
(iv) was received by you from a third party (other than our Affiliate) and which the third party had
a bona fide right to possess and disclose without breaching any duty, obligation or restriction
imposed by agreement, operation of law or otherwise; or (v) is independently developed by you
without reference to information disclosed to you by us or our Affiliate. Disclosure of information
in compliance with lawful legal process will not constitute a breach of this Agreement, provided,
that you give us notice of such process and a reasonable opportunity to oppose the disclosure or
seek other protective orders or remedies.

       18.     Insurance.

                (a)    Types and Extent of Coverage. You must obtain and maintain throughout
the Term such insurance coverages with such limits as specified below (or such greater amounts of
insurance as may be required by the terms of any lease or mortgage relating to the Premises) under
policies issued by carriers rated "B+" or better by A.M. Best Company:

                      (i)      fire, extended coverage, vandalism, malicious mischief and special
extended peril insurance at no less than the actual replacement value of the building (if owned), the
contents, and improvements of the Restaurant;

                       (ii)   workers' compensation and other insurance required by law;
                                             -38
