you; provided that you will not be in default of this requirement if the Principal Operator is entitled
to a bonus of not less than 5% of the net profits of the Restaurant, payable after the end of each
Period, and also has the right to acquire not less than a 5% equity interest in you within 12 months
of his or her hire date, which rights are evidenced by a written agreement between the Principal
Operator and you. You must provide us with a copy of any such agreement upon request. Once
the Principal Operator has acquired an equity interest in you, he or she must continue to own that
interest (or a greater interest) during the entire period he or she serves as the Principal Operator.

                      (ii)    The Principal Operator must devote full time and best efforts to the
supervision and conduct of the development and operation of the Restaurant and, as required in
this Agreement, must agree to be bound by the confidentiality and non-competition provisions of
the Owner Agreement. At such time as the Principal Operator becomes an owner of an interest in
you, he or she must agree to be bound by all the provisions of the Owner Agreement.

                        (iii)   The Principal Operator must be a person approved by us who
completes our initial training requirements and who must participate in and successfully complete
all additional training as we may reasonably designate.

                    (iv)  The Principal Operator must be proficient in writing and speaking
English, to ensure compliance with our operational standards and to ensure efficient
communications with customers and us.

       If, at any time for any reason, the Principal Operator no longer qualifies to act as such, you
must promptly designate another Principal Operator subject to the same qualifications listed above.
Any sale or transfer of any portion of the Principal Operator's interest in you, if any, that would
reduce the Principal Operator's equity interest or voting rights in you to less than 5% of the total is
deemed a transfer of an interest and is subject to the terms and conditions of Section 14 hereof;
and any failure to comply with such terms and conditions is a default by you under this Agreement.
However, if the Principal Operator owns 5% or less of you, then a transfer of the Principal
Operator's interest to you, another shareholder, member or partner of you or to a successor
Principal Operator does not require our consent, is not be subject to our right of first refusal and
no transfer fee will be required. You must promptly notify us in writing of any such transfer and
provide all information about the transferee and the terms of the transfer as we may reasonable
request. If it is determined that you have designated an unapproved Principal Operator, you will
be considered in default of this Agreement and we may terminate this Agreement subject to any
cure periods outlined herein. Such unapproved Principal Operator must be removed immediately
regardless of any cure periods.

                (b)     Management of the Restaurant. The Principal Operator must personally
devote his/her full time and best efforts to the management and operation of the Restaurant in order
to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to maintain our high standards. Management
responsibility includes: presence of the Principal Operator or a designated manager at the
                                                  21
