specifications and procedures for operations systems for communicating with us, suppliers and
customers; procedures for quality control; training and assistance; and advertising and promotional
programs; all of which we may improve, amend and further develop from time to time (the “System”).

           The System is identified by means of certain trade names, service marks, trademarks, slogans,
logos and emblems, including, but not limited to, the marks “Papa John’s,” “Papa Johns,” “Papa John’s
Pizza,” “Pizza Papa John’s & Design” (the Papa Johns logo) and such other trade names, service marks,
trademarks, slogans, logos and emblems as we may designate for us in connection with the System from
to time (the “Marks”).

           The Papa Johns franchise that we offer is a retail Restaurant devoted primarily to the sale of
pizza and related food products under the Marks. You must sign a franchise agreement (the “Franchise
Agreement”) in the form attached as Exhibit B, D-1, or D-2, as applicable, which will govern the
ownership and operation of your Papa Johns Restaurant. The majority of Papa Johns franchises are
operated on a delivery and carry-out basis. However, there are a few Restaurants that offer dine-in
service and there may be additional Restaurants with dine-in service developed in the future. The
traditional Papa Johns franchise is typically operated in leased space located on or near main
thoroughfares.

           Individuals, corporations, limited liability companies or partnerships (“Area Developers”)
must enter into an area development agreement (the "Development Agreement"), the form of which is
attached as Exhibit E, which grants to the Area Developer the right and obligation to establish and
operate a certain number of Papa Johns Restaurants in a specified area (the "Development Area"), over
a specified period of time at specific locations to be designated in separate franchise agreements. Each
Restaurant must be opened in accordance with the development schedule set forth in the Development
Agreement. A condition to exercising each development right is that you secure a location that we
approve. After the location for the first Restaurant is approved and a lease is fully signed (or in the
event of a purchase, title is conveyed to you), you must sign our then-current form of franchise
agreement. The franchise agreement for each additional Papa Johns Restaurant developed will be in the
form of the franchise agreement we generally offer to new franchisees at that time. The form of
franchise agreement that you sign for each additional Restaurant under the Development Agreement
may be different from the franchise agreements disclosed herein.

          We also offer a program pursuant to which we may permit the development and operation
of Papa Johns Restaurants at non-traditional sites such as malls, hospitals, schools, airports, parks
(including theme parks), sports arenas and stadiums, military bases, train stations, travel plazas and
entertainment venues (the "Non-Traditional Program"). If you are authorized to develop and operate
a Papa Johns Restaurant pursuant to the Non-Traditional Program (a "Non-Traditional Restaurant"),
you must do so under the Development Agreement and our then-current standard form of Non-
Traditional Franchise Agreement, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D-1. A Non-Traditional
Restaurant may be operated in a year-round location with relatively stable customer traffic, in a
location that necessarily (in our determination) operates for a limited number of dates or specific
events, such as a sports stadium, or in a location that operates on a seasonal basis (a “Venue Non-
Traditional Restaurant”).

          We also offer a program pursuant to which we may permit the development and operation
of Papa Johns Restaurants at certain less populous trading areas (the “Small-Town Program”). If you
are authorized to develop and operate a Papa Johns Restaurant pursuant to the Small-Town Program
(a "Small-Town Restaurant"), you must do so under the Development Agreement and our then-current
standard form of Small-Town Franchise Agreement, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D-2. A
Small-Town Restaurant must be located in a small town or other less populous trading area (typically
containing fewer than 6,000 households).

                                                 -2-
