chosen by the franchisee-elected members of the FAC (as defined in Section 25.(l)). Each director
has one vote, provided that we have the tie-breaker vote, except as may be otherwise provided in
the Bylaws.

                        (i)     The Marketing Fund is intended to increase recognition of the Marks
and to further the public image and acceptance of the Chain and may do all things necessary,
suitable, convenient or proper for, or in connection with, or incident to, the accomplishment of any
of the aforesaid purposes, including planning, preparing, designing, producing, broadcasting,
distributing, maintaining, supervising and administering advertising and promotional programs,
materials and activities for present and future Papa Johns restaurants and all activities related and
incident thereto, such as (but not by way of exclusion, limitation or exhaustion): television, radio,
social media, magazine and newspaper advertising; advertising related to special offers and
promotions and introductory products; marketing surveys and other public relations activities; and
engaging and consulting with advertising and public relations firms to assist in such activities. We,
the Marketing Fund and the directors of the Marketing Fund do not undertake any obligation to
ensure that expenditures by the Marketing Fund in or affecting any geographic area are
proportionate or equivalent to contributions to the Marketing Fund by Papa Johns restaurants
operating in such geographic area or that you or the Restaurant will benefit directly or in proportion
to your contribution to the Marketing Fund. We (including our officers, directors, agents and
employees) are not a fiduciary or trustee of the contributions to, or the assets of, the Marketing Fund.
We, the Marketing Fund and our respective officers, directors, agents and employees will not be liable
to you with respect to the maintenance, direction or administration of the Marketing Fund, including
with respect to contributions, expenditures, investments and borrowings.

                      (ii)     We and our Affiliates will make contributions to the Marketing Fund
for each Papa Johns restaurant that we own on the same basis as required of comparable franchisees
within the United States.

                       (iii)  As long as you are in compliance with the Advertising Agreement and
the Articles and By-Laws of the Marketing Fund, you will be furnished with advertising materials
produced by or for the Marketing Fund for Chain-wide distribution, on substantially the same terms
and conditions as such materials are furnished to other similarly situated franchisees.

                       (iv)    You must make your monthly contribution to the Marketing Fund on
the date and in the manner provided for in this Agreement, the Advertising Agreement and the By-
Laws and submit such statements and reports as the Board may designate from time to time. From
time to time the Board may designate one or more accounts to which such contributions must be made
and if requested or directed by the Marketing Fund, you must make such payments separately.
Contributions to the Marketing Fund may be used to defray our expenses only to the extent of the
administrative costs and overhead that we may reasonably incur in rendering services to the
Marketing Fund.

                       (v)      The funds collected by the Marketing Fund, and any earnings thereon,
are not and will not be our asset or the asset of any franchisee.


                                                   14
