states will be based on reasonable factors. Should we make such a decision, you may continue to
operate the Restaurant and your continued operation will not be in violation of Sections 16.(a) or
16.(c), provided that you cease using all of our Marks and properly de-identify the premises.


                       (v)      You must pay us a renewal fee in the amount of $4,000.

                        (vi)     Subject to applicable laws, you, your owners, and we must execute
and deliver a general release, in the form we prescribe, provided, our release of you will not include
a release of any fees or royalties due under this Agreement, any amounts due to us or any of our
Affiliates for products or services provided or otherwise payable to us or any of our Affiliates in the
ordinary course of business, or any unfulfilled mandatory operational or system requirements (such
as image or computer system upgrades or menu or product changes).

                       (vii) You must make, or provide for in a manner and timeframe reasonably
satisfactory to us, such renovation and re-equipping of the Restaurant as may be necessary or
required to reflect the then-current standards and image of the System, including renovation or
replacement of signs, equipment, furnishings, fixtures and decor; provided that substantial
renovation and re-equipping will not be required if you have substantially renovated the Restaurant
within the 3-year period immediately preceding the end of the Term.

                        (viii) You and your applicable employees must complete or comply with,
or agree to complete and comply within a timeframe reasonably satisfactory to us, the then current
qualification and training requirements we reasonably require.

                      (ix)      This option to renew may not be exercised unless all of the
preceding conditions are fully satisfied.

                       (x)    You shall provide satisfactory evidence that you have the right to
remain in possession of the Restaurant for the duration of the Renewal Term, or in the alternative
provide reasonable evidence that you are in good faith negotiations with your landlord to secure the
right to remain in possession of the Restaurant for the duration of the Renewal Term.

       3.       Franchise Fees and Payments.

              (a)     Initial Franchise Fee and Royalties. In consideration of the grant of the
Franchise, you must pay to us the following fees:

                      (i)     an Initial Franchise Fee of $25,000, which must be paid upon the
execution of this Agreement and which is deemed fully earned and non-refundable;

                      (ii)    a continuing royalty (the "Royalty") of 5% of the "Net Sales" (as
defined below) of the Restaurant for each "Period" (as defined in Section 13.(b)). Regardless of the
date upon which this Agreement is executed, the royalty rate may be increased by us at any time,
provided: (A) we may increase the Royalty only if and to the extent that our form of Franchise
Agreement being offered to new Papa Johns franchisees at the time of the increase provides for the
                                                   3
