designed to draw down the surplus. Consequently, over the long term, the amount that Cheese Program
participants pay for cheese will approximate the actual market price of cheese, and Cheese Program
deficits and surpluses will balance to zero. The price of cheese charged by PJ Food Service may differ
from the market price in the short term but will not vary over the course of a Period, enabling franchisees
to make pricing decisions and promotional plans for the Period without concern that a sudden rise in
cheese prices might adversely affect the economics of the price or promotions.

        In our fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, revenue received by our affiliates from the sale of
products or services to our North America franchisees was: PJ USA $70.0 million and PJ Food Service
$801.0 million. These amounts represent approximately 43% of our total revenues. All of the required
purchases that you must obtain from us or our affiliates represent up to 12% of your total purchases in
connection with the establishment of a standard Restaurant or a Non-Traditional Restaurant and up to
19% of your overall purchases in operating a Restaurant. All of the required purchases that you must
obtain from approved suppliers or in accordance with specifications and standards represent up to 89%
of your total purchases in connection with the establishment of a Restaurant and approximately 81% of
your overall purchases in operating a Restaurant. These figures were derived from our audited financial
statements or internal accounting records, in the case of standard Restaurants, and from our experience
and that of our franchisees in operating Non-Traditional Restaurants.

        All advertising and promotion by you in any manner or medium (including, for example,
advertising via the Internet, social media and digital messaging) must be done in a professional and
dignified manner and must meet our specified standards and requirements. You must submit to us (in a
form and manner approved by us), for our prior approval (except with respect to prices to be charged),
samples of all advertising or promotional plans and materials that you want to use and that have not been
prepared or previously approved by us within the 90-day period preceding the intended use (if the sample
is of any promotion to be undertaken via electronic medium, you must provide us a printed copy of all
information contained in the promotion, indicating all links, if any, to other web sites, e-mail sites or other
promotions via electronic medium). If you do not receive our written disapproval within 20 days, we will
be deemed to have given the required approval. You must always comply with our directions regarding
advertising, including modifying or discontinuing use of any advertising, promotional materials, or
advertising service providers regardless of whether such materials or providers had been previously
approved.

         If you will occupy the premises of the Restaurant under a lease, the initial term of the lease, or
the initial term together with any renewal terms, must not be for less than the initial term of the Franchise
Agreement, except for certain Non-Traditional Restaurant locations, which may of necessity have lease
terms as short as one year or even one season. You must submit a copy of the executed signature pages
of the lease, as well as a copy of the executed Addendum to Lease (which is attached to this Disclosure
Document as Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement) for the Restaurant to us immediately after signing
and copies of the full leases and any exhibits and addenda at such other times as we may request. The
lease must include such terms and conditions as are specifically set forth in the Addendum to Lease in
the Franchise Agreement, except that most Non-Traditional Restaurant locations are exempt from this
requirement.

        We require Papa Johns Restaurants to be constructed or remodeled in accordance with our
specifications. The Franchise Agreement requires that you purchase or lease and use only such equipment
as we may specify or approve. Any alterations to our specifications that you propose to make must be
approved by us in writing before any work is begun on the proposed alteration.

        The Franchise Agreement requires you to maintain one or more insurance policies that are issued
by insurance carriers rated "B+" or better by A.M. Best Company and within the limits specified below
(or such greater amounts of insurance as may be required by the terms of any lease or mortgage relating

                                                    - 27 -
