be provided in the format we approve until we advise in writing otherwise.

                (d)      Year-End Reports. Within 120 days following your fiscal year end, you
will provide us with copies of your financial statements relating to operation of the Restaurant,
including an income statement for the fiscal year just ended and a balance sheet as of the end of
such fiscal year, which financial statements must be prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. You must: (i) furnish us with copies
of all state sales tax returns as we request from time to time; and (ii) promptly notify us if any
such return is not timely filed, or if any extension is filed, and the reasons therefor.

                (e)     Examinations and Audits. We or our designated agents have the right, at
all times and upon reasonable notice, to review all your sales and expense records and reports that
relate to the Restaurant, as well as all sales and use tax exemption certificates that you are required
to collect and retain, and to examine or audit your books and records and to make copies of all
such items. If any such examination or audit discloses any underpayment of the Royalty,
Marketing Fund payments, or any other sums or fees owed to us and/or any of our Affiliates, you
must immediately pay the deficient amount plus interest thereon from the date due until paid, at a
rate equal to the lesser of 12% per annum or the maximum amount permitted by applicable law.
All payments received will first be credited against interest due and then against other payments
due. If such an examination or audit discloses an understatement in any statement or report of 5%
or more, you must, in addition to the above provision, reimburse us for the cost of having your
books examined or audited. The foregoing are in addition to any other rights or remedies we may
have, including the termination of the Franchise granted herein.

        14.     Transfers.

                (a)      Transfer Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, “transfer” means any
issuance, sale, assignment, gift, grant, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order, merger,
consolidation, share exchange, or transfer in substance of a beneficial interest in the Restaurant or
all or a substantial part of its assets (including transfer of an interest in or right to receive the profits
of the Restaurant or the obligation to bear the risk of loss incurred in the operation of the
Restaurant) even if not formally styled as a transfer of ownership of the Restaurant, and any
ownership or structural changes in you or any beneficial owner in you, including any merger,
reorganization, issuance of additional shares or classes of stock or additional membership or
partnership interests.

                  (b)    Assignment by Us. We may assign this Agreement or any or all of the
rights, interests, benefits or obligations arising hereunder without restriction. Upon any
assignment of this Agreement by us, we will automatically be released from all obligations and
liabilities arising or accruing in connection with this Agreement after the date of such transfer or
assignment.



                                                     29
