proved by the members, reasonable expenses of members incurred to attend meetings may be re-
imbursed by the Cooperative; provided, that such expenses are not in excess of the actual cost of
traveling from and returning to the member's home city, lodging, meals and other reasonable and
necessary expenses.


                  ARTICLE VI: FINANCE, AUDIT AND FISCAL YEAR

    1. Banking. All funds and money of the Cooperative shall be banked, handled and dis-
bursed, and all bills, notes, checks and like obligations, and endorsements (for deposit or collec-
tion) shall be signed by such officers and other persons as the members shall from time to time
designate, who shall account therefor to the Treasurer as and when the Treasurer may require.
All money, funds, bills, notes, checks and other negotiable instruments coming to the Coopera-
tive shall be collected and promptly deposited in the name of the Cooperative in such deposito-
ries as the members shall select.

    2. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Cooperative shall coincide with Franchisor’s fiscal
year, consisting of 52 weeks ending on the last Sunday of December, and generally made up of
four 13-week quarters. The 13-week quarters consist of two four-week periods followed by one
five-week period. Each such four-week and five-week period is referred to as a “Period.”

   3. Reports to Franchisor. The Cooperative must submit to Franchisor such statements and
reports as Franchisor may designate from time to time and Franchisor has the right to examine or
audit the books and records of the Cooperative to ensure compliance with the terms of the Papa
John’s Franchise Agreement.


                            ARTICLE VII: INDEMNIFICATION

    1. Criteria for Indemnification. The members may authorize the Cooperative to indem-
nify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or
proceeding arising from such person's actions for or on behalf of the Cooperative to the extent
provided by law.

    2. Advancement of Expenses. Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred that are sub-
ject to the indemnification hereunder shall be advanced by the Cooperative prior to the final dis-
position of the action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of a written undertaking by or on behalf of
the person seeking such indemnification with such security as the members may require, to repay
such amount if a court of competent jurisdiction determines, in a final, non-appealable order or
judgment (whether in such action, suit or proceeding or in another action brought for the purpose
of determining whether the person should be indemnified), that such person was adjudged liable
to the Cooperative in connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the Cooperative, or in
any other proceeding charging improper personal benefit, whether or not involving action in an




                                               -8-
