 covering all operations by or on behalf of you, providing insurance for bodily injury liability,
 property damage liability and personal injury liability for the limits of liability indicated below and
 including coverage for:

                               (A)      Premises and Operations Liability;

                               (B)      Products and Completed Operations Liability;

                               (C)      Independent Contractors Protective Liability;

                           (D)      Blanket Contractual Liability insuring the obligations
       assumed by you under this Agreement; and

                               (E)      Incidental Medical Malpractice;

                     (iv) fire legal liability, with a minimum coverage limit of $500,000, unless
you own the Premises or have a cross-waiver of subrogation with your landlord.

 The limits of liability required for the policies specified in (iii) above are: $1,000,000 each
 occurrence (combined single limit for bodily injury and property damage); $1,000,000 personal
 injury liability; $1,000,000 aggregate for products - completed operations; and $2,000,000 general
 aggregate. Except with respect to bodily injury and property damage included within the products
 and completed operations hazards, the aggregate limit must apply separately to each location if you
 operate at more than one location pursuant to multiple franchise agreements with us. You are also
 required to maintain an umbrella policy with a minimum of $1,000,000 of coverage, which must
 expressly provide coverage above the coverages listed above. We must be named as an additional
 insured on all your policies. These are only the minimum coverages required. We do not represent
 or warrant that these coverages are adequate. You should consult with your insurance advisors to
 assure that you obtain all required coverages as well as any additional types of coverages or higher
 limits that they may recommend.

                (b) Other Insurance Requirements. Upon request, you will deliver to us copies
of all such policies of insurance and proof of payment therefor. All policies required hereunder must
provide that the insurer will endeavor to give us written notice not less than 30 days before the date
the coverage is canceled, altered, or permitted to lapse or expire. We may, from time to time,
increase the limits of any required policy of insurance.




                                                 -39
