you place the grand opening marketing funds into an escrow account.

                       (ii)    You must contribute to the Marketing Fund such amount: (A) as
 designated by the Board of Directors of the Marketing Fund (the "Board") from time to time; or
 (B) as proposed by the Board and approved by a vote of the members in good standing of the
 Marketing Fund, if such a vote is required by the “Bylaws,” as defined in Section 8.(b).

                         (iii)    You must contribute to the "Cooperative" (as defined below) that
 percentage of Net Sales that the governing body of the Cooperative designates from time to time.
 The governing body of the Cooperative may propose a change in the required contribution to the
 Cooperative. Approval of such change must be submitted to a vote of the members in good standing
 of the Cooperative (including both Franchisor-owned and franchised restaurants) and will take effect
 only if approval of the proposed change receives a majority of votes cast in such election. However,
 the contribution rate may not be less than 2% of the monthly Net Sales of the Restaurant, without
 our consent, except as otherwise provided below. We may approve a monthly contribution rate to
 the Cooperative of less than 2% of Net Sales, provided, we also reserve the right to withdraw our
 approval of any such reduced contribution rate to the Cooperative and require that the minimum 2%
 contribution rate be reinstated.

                        (iv)    Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.(a)(ii), if the combined
Marketing Fund and Cooperative contributions exceed 7% of Net Sales due to a subsequent change
in either contribution rate, then any franchisee in the Cooperative may elect to contribute a lower
percentage of Net Sales to the Cooperative such that the combined total for that franchisee equals
7% of Net Sales. Each franchisee in the Cooperative must make the same election for all the
restaurants that the franchisee owns that are in the Cooperative. An invocation of this provision will
not cause the franchisee to lose membership or voting rights in the Cooperative or any other benefit
of participation in the Cooperative except as expressly provided in Section 8.(c)(vi). In no event
may a Restaurant reduce the Marketing Fund contribution without our prior written approval.

                      (v) You must expend, at a minimum, an aggregate amount equal to 8% of
the annual Net Sales of the Restaurant on your combined Marketing Fund contributions,
Cooperative contributions and local store promotion, marketing and advertising.

                        (vi)   Promotion, marketing and advertising as used herein shall be
promotion, marketing and advertising directly promoting the Papa Johns brand, brand initiatives or
the Restaurant. Costs and expenditures that shall not be considered promotion, marketing and
advertising shall include but not be limited to aggregator commissions and in-Restaurant materials
consisting of fixtures and equipment.

               (b)      Marketing Fund. Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc., a Kentucky nonstock,
nonprofit corporation (the "Marketing Fund"), has been organized for the purposes set forth in the
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Marketing Fund, as they may be amended from time
to time (the “Bylaws”). You automatically become a non-voting member of the Marketing Fund
upon the execution of this Agreement. Before opening the Restaurant, you must execute and deliver
to the Marketing Fund an Advertising Agreement in the form prescribed by the Board. The
Marketing Fund is governed by the Board, which is established in accordance with the Bylaws and
                                                  13
