may purchase the Equipment by paying $50 to PJUSA within 45 days of the expiration of the
Term. If Lessee fails to meet any of the above criteria or terms and conditions of this Lease, the
Development Agreement, and each of the Lessee’s Papa Johns Franchise Agreements during the
Term or after, the right of possession of the Equipment shall automatically revert to PJUSA.

                  c.     Lease Contingency. This Lease is contingent upon the Restaurant being
open for business on or before _________________. If the Restaurant is not open for business on
or before such date, PJUSA may revoke this Lease and, at PJUSA’s option, either: (i) rescind and
terminate the Bill of Sale and Assignment to which this Lease relates (the “Bill of Sale”) and all
obligations to reimburse or otherwise pay to Lessee for the purchase of the Equipment shall
immediately terminate; (ii) if PJUSA has already reimbursed or paid Lessee for the Equipment
pursuant to the Bill of Sale, require Lessee to immediately reimburse PJUSA all amounts
previously paid by PJUSA for the Equipment and PJUSA may rescind and terminate the Bill of
Sale; or (iii) require Lessee to return the Equipment to PJUSA at Lessee’s sole expense and PJUSA
may rescind and terminate the Bill of Sale. The Restaurant must be open to the public and
operating during normal business hours on normal business days to deemed “open for business”
for purposes of this Lease. A promotional, token, or “soft” opening of a Restaurant followed by a
closure for 48 hours or more does not constitute “open for business.”

        4.     Delivery and Freight Costs; Installation. Lessee shall pay all costs of (a)
transportation and freight charges for delivery of the Equipment to Lessee’s designated location;
and (b) providing a suitable site for installation of the Equipment and actual installation of the
Equipment at Lessee’s site, including without limitation: rigging; structural alteration; rental of
installation tools or equipment; necessary electrical power; and HVAC equipment and
installations.

        5.     Return of Equipment. Except for Equipment purchased by Lessee pursuant to this
Agreement or otherwise agreed by PJUSA, within 10 days of termination or expiration of this
Lease, Lessee shall, at its own cost and expense, prepare the Equipment for shipping and deliver
the Equipment to PJUSA or its designated agent. In the event Lessee fails or refuses to do so
(including under Section 3(c) above, if such option is chosen by PJUSA), Lessee shall allow
PJUSA or its agents access to the premises where the Equipment is located to take immediate
possession and reimburse PJUSA for all of its expenses for same. The Equipment shall be returned
to PJUSA in substantially the same condition as received by Lessee, ordinary wear and tear
excepted. Upon receipt of the Equipment, PJUSA will perform diagnostic testing to determine
whether the Equipment in is good condition and working order reasonably suited for its normal
use and operation. If the Equipment fails such diagnostic testing, Lessee shall pay to PJUSA a
maintenance fee equal to the cost to PJUSA of returning the Equipment to good condition and
working order.

       6.      Ownership; Location; Use. The Equipment shall at all times be and remain the
sole and exclusive property of PJUSA. Lessee shall have no right or property interest in the
Equipment except for the right to possess and use the Equipment as provided in this Lease. The
Equipment is and shall remain personal property even if installed in or attached to real property.
Lessee shall at all times keep the Equipment free and clear from all claims, levies, liens and


                                                1
