earnest-money deposit of $_______, which shall be refunded in the event Buyer declines to
proceed with the Transaction following the Due Diligence Period. When Buyer has completed its
due diligence, if Buyer elects to proceed with the Transaction, Buyer shall execute and deliver to
Seller the definitive Purchase Agreement together with an additional earnest-money deposit of
$_______. Following the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, the aggregate $ _______ deposit
shall be refunded to Buyer only in the event the Transaction does not close due to Seller's failure to
satisfy any applicable conditions to Closing as provided in the Purchase Agreement.]

        9.      Closing and Closing Date. The Transaction will be conducted by courier
exchange of documents or in such other manner as Buyer and Seller agree. The Closing will
occur within 30 days from the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement, assuming all of the
appropriate conditions to the Purchase Agreement have been fulfilled or waived (the "Closing
Date").

        10.      Closing Conditions. In addition to normal representations and warranties as
negotiated between the Buyer and Seller regarding the status of the Restaurants, title to assets,
etc. and documentation transferring title to Buyer, legal opinions, estoppels, the following
matters shall be prerequisites to the consummation of the Transaction:

               a.       The Restaurants must be fully operational at Closing;

               b.      Representations and warranties of the Seller and Buyer being true and
correct;

             c.         The assignment of the third-party leases for each Restaurant, upon such
terms and conditions, including landlord consents, non-disturbance and attornment agreements
and other acceptable terms as required by the Lender;

              d.       Buyer will have the opportunity to hire the key personnel involved in the
day- to-day operation of the Restaurants owned by the Seller;

                e.      The receipt of timely profit and loss statements relating to the operation of
 the Restaurants year to date for the current fiscal year;

                f.      No material adverse change in the Restaurants or Development Rights;

              g.       Buyer will assume the Papa Johns Franchise Agreement (the "Franchise
Agreement") for each of the Restaurants or will execute a new standard Papa Johns franchise
agreement for each of the Restaurants; and

               h.       Buyer and Seller will comply with all conditions to transfer set forth in the
Papa Johns Franchise Agreements for the Restaurants and in the Authorization to Transfer
issued by Franchisor to evidence its consent to the transfer of the Restaurants to Buyer.

       11.       Access to Information. During the period from the execution of the Purchase
Agreement to the Closing, Seller will provide to Buyer's representatives reasonable access to the
Restaurant sites with the proper notice and reasonable consent of the Seller, contracts, books and
                                                 -5
