Marketing Fund for all Papa Johns restaurants (now existing or hereafter established) that are,
directly or indirectly, owned by you or in which you have or obtain a 50% or majority interest, and
you agree to remain a member in good standing of the Marketing Fund so long as you retain any such
ownership or interest. Such restaurants are referred to as "Controlled Restaurants." As a member
of the Marketing Fund, you are bound by the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Marketing
Fund and any rules and regulations of the Marketing Fund imposed upon its members, as adopted
and amended from time to time, even though such amendments and rules may increase or change
your obligations under this Agreement. You will be provided copies of the Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws of the Marketing Fund upon written request.



         2.     Obligation to Make Contributions for Controlled Restaurants.

               (a)     Contributions. You shall make such payments to the Marketing Fund as
membership in the Marketing Fund requires from time to time. Each month's payment shall be based
on the contribution rate that is in effect during that month. You understand and agree that the
contribution rate is subject to change (both increases and decreases) from time to time by the Board
of Directors of the Marketing Fund (the "Board") or by a vote of the members of the Marketing
Fund, in accordance with this Agreement and the By-Laws. As used in this Agreement, the term
"sales" shall be the same amount on which you compute your monthly royalty payments to Papa
Johns.


               (b)     Time for Payments; Payments. You shall report your sales and make your
contribution for each month to the Marketing Fund in the manner and on such dates as may be specified
from time to time in the By-Laws or as the Board may direct. At the same time you sign the
Franchise Agreement you agree to execute and deliver to Papa Johns and the Marketing Fund and
your bank all forms and documents that may be required to permit the Marketing Fund (or Papa
Johns acting on behalf of the Marketing Fund) to debit your checking account (either by check or
electronically) the amount of each month's contribution. The contribution will be debited on the 25th of
each month (or such other date as the By-Laws may specify), or if such day falls on a weekend or
bank holiday, then on the next business day. You shall report your sales for the immediately

                                                  -2
