
               (j)      Contributions from Non-Traditional Locations. Any Non-Traditional
Location that we license or franchise under the Papa Johns name on or after June 1, 2007 will be
required to pay one-quarter (25%) of the then current rates for the Marketing Fund and that
Cooperative for the area in which the Non-Traditional Location is located. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if you are the franchisee or licensee of the Non-Traditional Location and also own more
than 80% of the Restaurants in the Cooperative, you will not be required to make the Cooperative
contribution on behalf of the Non-Traditional Location. If we own 80% or more of the restaurants
in a Cooperative, we may exempt the Non-Traditional Location from the Cooperative contribution
regardless of whether we operate or license a third party to operate the Non-Traditional Location.

                (k)     Partnership Marketing. We may establish marketing programs with third
parties to promote our brand or their brand, or both ("Partnership Marketing"). If the program solely
promotes another brand, we will reimburse any funds paid by the Marketing Fund. These programs
may involve electronic media, including Alternative Ordering Systems, or print (including direct
mail, box toppers, door hangers, etc.) and you may be required to participate. We expect to receive
revenues from these promotions in excess of our direct and allocated expenses associated with
securing these programs. After we recover net revenues (amounts paid to us less all direct and
allocated expenses incurred to secure such revenues) equal to $2.25 million, we may, in our
discretion, contribute a portion of net revenue from Partnership Marketing to the Marketing Fund,
up to 30% of such net revenue, provided, that the amount that we so contribute to the Marketing
Fund together with the amount that we contribute to the Marketing Fund under Section 5.(g), is
limited to $5.0 million in any fiscal year.

                (l)      Leverage Marketing. We may adopt various marketing programs from time
to time that involve merchandise, samples or promotional material to be distributed in Papa Johns
restaurants or delivered with customer orders, or both (collectively, "Leverage Marketing"). You
must participate in these promotions, but you are also entitled to receive any net revenue (revenue
minus direct and allocated expenses) paid or payable based on the number of items distributed,
identified goals or other criteria for the applicable program. To the extent that we receive net
revenue from Leverage Marketing conducted at franchisee-owned restaurants, we will use
reasonable efforts to allocate it among all participating restaurants on an equitable basis.

        9.      Telephone Number. The only customer ordering telephone number assigned to the
Restaurant is set forth in Section 25.(m) (the "Telephone Number"). You must not use the
Telephone Number for any other business. If you obtain any additional or substitute telephone
service or telephone number at the Restaurant, you must promptly notify us and such additional or
substitute number will be subject to this Agreement. You acknowledge that, as between us and you,
we have the sole right to and interest in all telephone numbers and directory listings associated with
the Restaurants or the Marks. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, you will execute
and deliver the form of assignment of telephone numbers and listings (the "Telephone Number
Assignment"), required by the applicable local telephone service provider or, if the local telephone
service provider has no form, our current blank assignment form attached to this Agreement as
Exhibit B. You acknowledge that the telephone service provider and all listing agencies may accept

                                                  19
