covenants and agreements contained herein and in Section 20.(a) are, taken as a whole, reasonable
with respect to the activities covered and their geographic scope and duration, and you covenant that
you will not raise any issue of the reasonableness of the areas, activities or duration of any such
covenants in any proceeding to enforce any such covenants. You acknowledge that you have other
skills and resources and that the restrictions contained in this Section 16 and in Section 20.(a) will
not hinder your activities or ability to make a living either under this Agreement or in general.

                (h)     Enforceability. We may not be adequately compensated by damages for a
breach by you of any of the covenants and agreements contained in this Section 16 and in
Section 20.(a). Consequently, in addition to all other remedies we will be entitled to injunctive relief
and specific performance in the event of such breach. The covenants contained in this Section 16
and in Section 20.(a) are to be construed as separate covenants, and if any court or arbitrator makes a
final determination that the restraints provided for in any such covenant is too broad as to the area,
activity or time covered, said area, activity or time covered may be reduced to whatever extent the
court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and such covenant may be enforced as to such reduced area,
activity or time.

        17.     Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. We have disclosed or may disclose
to you certain confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets. Except as necessary in
connection with the operation of the Restaurant and as approved by us, you will not, during the Term
or at any time after the expiration or termination of the Franchise, regardless of the cause of
termination, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or communicate or divulge to, or use for
the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge or
know-how concerning the recipes, food products, advertising, marketing, designs, plans, software,
programs or methods of operation of the Restaurant or the System. You may disclose to your
employees such confidential, proprietary or trade secret information only as is necessary to operate
your business hereunder and then only while this Agreement is in effect. Any and all information,
knowledge, or know-how, including drawings, materials, equipment, marketing, recipes, and other
data, that we designate as secret or confidential is deemed secret and confidential for purposes of
this Agreement. Confidential and proprietary information for all purposes under this Agreement
does not include information that: (i) at the time disclosed to or obtained by you is in the public
domain; (ii) after being disclosed or obtained becomes part of the public domain other than through
your breach of this Agreement; (iii) before disclosure was already in your possession, as evidenced
by written records kept in the ordinary course of business or by proof of actual use; (iv) was received
by you from a third party (other than our Affiliate) and which the third party had a bona fide right
to possess and disclose without breaching any duty, obligation or restriction imposed by agreement,
operation of law or otherwise; or (v) is independently developed by you without reference to
information disclosed to you by us or our Affiliate. Disclosure of information in compliance with
lawful legal process will not constitute a breach of this Agreement, provided, that you give us notice
of such process and a reasonable opportunity to oppose the disclosure or seek other protective orders
or remedies.

       18.      Insurance.

              (a)     Types and Extent of Coverage. You must obtain and maintain throughout
the Term such insurance coverages with such limits as specified below (or such greater amounts of
                                                   44
