authority.

               (e)    Payments.

                        (i)     At least 10 days before opening the Restaurant (and thereafter as
requested by us), you must execute and deliver to us, our bank(s) and your bank, as necessary, all
forms and documents that we may request to permit us to debit your bank account, either by check,
via electronic funds transfer or other means utilizing the "Information System" (as defined in
Section 10.(c)(i)(B)) or by such alternative methods as we may designate ("Payment Methods").
You must comply with all procedures specified by us from time to time, and take such reasonable
actions as we may request to assist in any of the Payment Methods. We may use the Payment
Methods to collect the amount of each Period’s Royalty, Digital Fee, and any other amounts due to
us, our Affiliates, or the ’Marketing Fund under this Agreement or otherwise, including amounts
owed to us and/or our Affiliates in connection with: (A) Marketing Fund contributions; and (B)
purchases from “PJFS” (as defined in Section 12.(b)) and all of our other Affiliates; (C) transfer
fees; and (D) renewal fees. You must complete and provide to us any tax forms or other instruments
or documents necessary or appropriate to give effect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
including an IRS Form W-9.

                       (ii) We will determine your Net Sales for each Period via the Information
System, or if we are unable to do so, you must report your Net Sales in writing on or before the 7th
day of the month following each Period. Such reporting is in addition to all other reporting
requirements under Section 13. If you fail to report Net Sales on a timely basis, we may estimate
the Net Sales of the Restaurant for such Period and debit your bank account the amount of the
Royalty and Marketing Fund contribution based on such estimate. If an estimate results in an
overpayment, we will deduct the amount of the overpayment from the next Period's Royalty and
Marketing Fund contribution. Any deficiency resulting from such estimate may be added to the
next Royalty and/or Marketing Fund contribution payment(s) due and debited against your bank
account. If, at any time, we determine that you have underreported the Restaurant's Net Sales, or
underpaid any Period's Royalty, Marketing Fund contributions or payments to any of our Affiliates,
we are authorized to immediately debit your account for these amounts by any of the Payment
Methods.

                        (iii)  You must notify us at least 30 days before closing or making any
change to the account against which such debits are to be made. If such account is closed or ceases
to be used, you must immediately provide all documents and information necessary to permit us to
debit the amounts due from an alternative account. You acknowledge that these requirements are
only a method to facilitate prompt and timely payment of amounts due and do not affect any
obligation or liability for amounts owed. If for any reason your account cannot be electronically
debited, you must submit payments by wire transfer or check (certified or cashier's check if
requested by us) on or before the dates when due. You will indemnify and hold us harmless from
and against all damages, losses, costs and expenses resulting from any dishonored debit against
your account, regardless whether resulting from the act or omission of you or your bank; provided
that you are not obligated to indemnify us for any dishonored debit caused by our negligence or
mistake.



                                               -6
