default by you under this Agreement; there has been no series of defaults by you during the Initial
Term (i.e., an abnormal frequency of defaults or a default that has occurred repeatedly, or a
combination thereof), whether or not such defaults were cured; all your debts and obligations to us
and our Affiliates under this Agreement or otherwise are current; and your obligations to the
Marketing Fund and each Cooperative (defined below) of which you are a member are current.

                        (iii) You secure the right to continue possession of the Premises for a period
at least equal to the Renewal Term or, alternatively, you secure premises at another location that we
approve for the same period.

                      (iv)    Your Principal Operator (defined below) and manager attends and
successfully completes our training program for new franchisees.

                      (v)      We are then continuing to offer Papa Johns Pizza franchises in the
state in which the Restaurant is located and have all required documents filed and all necessary
approvals to offer Papa Johns franchises in that state.

                       (vi)    You pay us a renewal fee of $1,000.

                        (vii)    You execute and deliver to us a general release, in the form we
prescribe, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted under the laws of the state where the Restaurant
is located, all claims that you may have against us and our Affiliates and subsidiaries, and their
respective officers, directors, shareholders and employees in both their corporate and individual
capacities.

                       (viii) You make, or provide for in a manner and timeframe reasonably
satisfactory to us, such renovation and re-equipping of the Restaurant as may be necessary or
required to reflect the then-current standards and image of the System, including renovation or
replacement of signs, equipment, furnishings, fixtures and decor; provided that substantial
renovation and re-equipping will not be required if you have substantially renovated the Restaurant
within the 3-year period immediately preceding the end of the Initial Term..

                        (ix)   You and your applicable employees must complete or comply with,
or agree to complete and comply within a timeframe reasonably satisfactory to us, the then current
qualification and training requirements we reasonably require.

                        (x)     This option to renew may not be exercised unless all of the preceding
conditions are fully satisfied.

                       (xi)   You shall provide satisfactory evidence that you have the right to
remain in possession of the Restaurant for the duration of the Renewal Term, or in the alternative
provide reasonable evidence that you are in good faith negotiations with your landlord to secure the
right to remain in possession of the Restaurant for the duration of the Renewal Term.

                      (c)     Second Renewal Option. In addition to the renewal option under
Section 2.(b), you shall have a second option to renew the Franchise for the Restaurant subject to
the same conditions set forth in subparagraphs (i) through (ix) in Section 2.(b), plus the following
                                               -3
