                                  AFFILIATES

          The Franchisor is Papa John's Franchising, LLC. For ease of reference, Papa John's
 Franchising, LLC will be referred to as "we," "us" or "Papa Johns" in this Disclosure Document. We
 will refer to the person or entity who buys the franchise as "you" throughout the Disclosure Document.
 If you are a corporation, partnership or limited liability company, certain provisions of the agreements
 also apply to your owners and will be noted.
         We are a Kentucky limited liability company organized on November 6, 2020. Our principal
 business address is 2002 Papa John’s Boulevard, Louisville, Kentucky 40299. We conduct our business
 under our limited liability company name and Papa Johns. We began offering franchises for Papa Johns
 restaurants as of February 25, 2021 and have never offered franchises in any other line of business. Our
 agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit A.
        Our Parents, Predecessors and Affiliates

         We are a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Papa John’s International, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (“PJI”). PJI was the former franchisor of Papa Johns pizza franchises before PJI transferred
all of the existing U.S. franchise agreements and area development agreements to us on February 22,
2021. PJI offered franchises for Papa Johns restaurants from November 1991 to February 2021. We began
offering franchises for Papa Johns restaurants in February 2021. PJI remains the parent company, directly
or indirectly, of all Papa Johns related entities, and owns the Papa Johns trademarks and certain other
intellectual property related to Papa Johns restaurants and the Papa Johns franchising system.

        We do not conduct the type of business to be operated by you. However, PJI, through its
predecessors and affiliates have conducted business of the type to be operated by you since March 1984.
Our affiliate, Papa John’s USA, Inc. (“PJ USA”), has operated, and continues to operate, the majority of
the company-owned Papa Johns restaurants since January 1991. PJ USA provides certain services to us
and Papa Johns franchisees, including certain technology, support, training, site selection, marketing, and
other management services. PJ USA has never offered franchises in any line of business.

        Our affiliate, PJ Food Service, Inc ("PJ Food Service") distributes and sells approved products to
Papa Johns restaurants that we own and Papa Johns restaurants owned by our franchisees. PJ Food
Service operates regional dough production and food distribution facilities ("Quality Control Centers")
that supply all Papa Johns restaurants in the contiguous U.S. states.

           Our affiliate, Capital Delivery, Ltd., ("CDL”) provides financing to certain franchisees as
 described in Item 10.

            PJI and our affiliates disclosed in Item 1 share our principal business address. Except as
 described in Item 1, neither our predecessors nor our affiliates have ever offered franchises in any line
 of business or provided products or services to franchisees. In 1999, PJI acquired Perfect Pizza Holdings,
 Ltd. operator and franchisor of a chain of pizza restaurants in the United Kingdom under the name
 “Perfect Pizza”. From 1999 until March 2006, PJI franchised the Perfect Pizza brand exclusively in the
 United Kingdom. In March 2006, PJI sold all of its interest in the Perfect Pizza business. From
 September 1998 until March 2008, PJI franchised one restaurant in East Lansing, Michigan under the
 alternative trade name “Papiano’s”. Except for one alternative trade name, this restaurant operated under
 the Papa Johns system.

           Description of the Franchise

          Papa Johns restaurants (whether Standard, Small-Town, or Non-Traditional Restaurants, each
 a “Restaurant”) are characterized by a distinctive system which includes: special recipes and menu

                                                   -1-
