employee must take part in such additional training and instruction. You are solely responsible for
all wages, travel and living expenses, and all other costs incurred by you and your employees in
connection with any training or instruction that we provide or require.

                (e)      Manuals. We will lend to you one or more manuals that contain: (i) the
mandatory and suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures prescribed from time
to time by us; and (ii) information relative to other obligations hereunder and the operation of the
Restaurant (the "Manuals"). The Manuals at all times remain our sole property. We may, from time
to time, revise the contents of the Manuals. To the extent that we deem it necessary or appropriate,
we will provide you with policy and procedure statements or other written notice of specifications,
standards and procedures. You will promptly adopt and use the formulas, methods, procedures,
policies, menus, recipes, food products and other standards and specifications contained in the
Manuals, policy and procedure statements and other written notices as issued and/or as modified
from time to time by us. You acknowledge that all information in the Manuals, policy and
procedure statements and other notices constitute confidential information and trade secrets, and
may not be disclosed at any time by you. You will not copy any part of the Manuals or any other
communication or information provided by us.

                (f) Variations in Standards. You may not implement any change to the System
without our prior written consent. However, because complete and detailed uniformity under
varying conditions may not be possible or practical, we specifically reserve the right, in our sole
discretion and as we may deem in the best interests of you or the Chain, to vary the System,
including specific standards, policies and/or procedures, within the Restaurant or any other
restaurant(s) in the Chain based upon peculiarities of a particular location or circumstances,
including: density of population and other demographic factors; size of the Territory; business
practices or customs; and any other condition that we deem to be of importance to the operation of
such restaurant(s) or the Chain. You acknowledge that because of these factors and others, there
may be variations from standard specifications and practices in the Chain and that you are entitled
to require us to grant like or similar variations or privileges to you.

                (g)      Your Developments. We have the right to use and incorporate into the
System for the benefit of other franchisees and us any modifications, ideas or improvements, in
whole or in part, developed or discovered by you or your employees or agents, without any liability
or obligation to you or the developer thereof.

                 (h)     Compliance with Laws and Other Business Practices. You will ensure
that your operation of the Restaurant is at all times in compliance with all applicable laws,
ordinances, rules and regulations of all governmental bodies, including, without limitation; all
federal and state wage and hour laws and regulations; all laws and regulations relating to antitrust,
restraint of trade, unfair competition or unfair or deceptive trade practices; all applicable tax laws,
including sales tax, payroll tax and income tax laws and regulations; workers compensation and
other insurance laws and regulations; and all laws and regulations relating to public health or safety
or health or safety of employees. As part of your responsibility to comply with all applicable tax
laws, you must collect, at the applicable time of sale, all sales and use tax exemption certificates
and documentation (which must be properly completed) that you are required to collect in
connection with sales that are exempt from sales and use taxes, and you must retain all such
exemption certificates until the applicable statute of limitations has expired. It is your sole
                                                -24
