notice to us of any knowledge that you acquire concerning any actual or threatened infringement of the
Copyrighted Works. You are required to cooperate with us in any suit, claim or proceeding involving
the Copyrighted Works or their use to protect our rights and interests in the Copyrighted Works. We, in
our sole discretion, will control all decisions concerning the Copyrighted Works.

         You must modify or discontinue use of a Copyrighted Work if ordered by a court of competent
jurisdiction, or if we in our sole discretion should deem it necessary or advisable. You must comply with
our directions regarding any such Copyrighted Work within 30 days after receipt of notice from us. You
must also use such additional or substitute Copyrighted Works as we direct. We are not obligated to
compensate you for any costs or expenses incurred by you to modify or discontinue using any
Copyrighted Work or to adopt additional or substitute Copyrighted Works.

        There currently are no effective determinations of the Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or
any court regarding any of the Copyrighted Works. There are no agreements in effect that significantly
limit our right to use or license the Copyrighted Works. Finally, there are no infringing uses actually
known to us that could materially affect your use of the Copyrighted Works in any state. Except as
described below with respect to the Proprietary Programs, we are not required by any agreement to protect
or defend the Copyrighted Works.

        As further described in Item 11, the Designated Software and all additions, modifications and
enhancements to it are deemed to be "confidential information" and are subject to the provisions of the
Franchise Agreement regarding confidential information described below.

        We will grant to you, and cause our vendors to grant you, a nonexclusive, nontransferable,
nonassignable license to use the Designated Software, subject to the same terms and conditions as the
Designated Software is licensed to our other franchisees in general. You agree to be bound by the terms
of each Packaged Software Agreement. The Designated Software and any data generated by the use of
the Designated Software are the valuable, proprietary property and trade secret of us and/or our vendors,
and you agree to use the utmost care to safeguard the Designated Software and any data generated by the
use of the Designated Software and to maintain the copyright protection and the secrecy and
confidentiality of it.

         Upon expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement, you must allow our employees or
agents to remove the Designated Software from the Information System, and you must immediately return
to us the Designated Software, each component of it, any data generated by the use of it, all documentation
for the Designated Software and other materials or information that relate to or reveal the Designated
Software and its operation. You must immediately destroy any and all back-up or other copies of the
Designated Software or parts thereof, and any data generated by the use of the Designated Software (other
than financial information relating solely to you).

         We represent and warrant to you that if we sell or license the Proprietary Programs to you: (A)
we will have all rights, licenses and authorizations necessary to license the Proprietary Programs to you,
subject only to nonexclusive licenses granted to others; and (B) the Proprietary Programs will not, and as
a result of any enhancements, improvements or modifications provided by us will not, to the best of our
knowledge, infringe upon any United States patent, copyright or other proprietary right of any third party.
If your use of the Proprietary Programs as provided by us is enjoined as a result of a claim by a third party
of patent or copyright infringement or violation of other proprietary rights, we will, in our sole discretion,
either: (1) procure for you the right to continue use of the Proprietary Programs as contemplated
hereunder; or (2) replace the Proprietary Programs or modify it such that there is no infringement of the
third party's rights; and such action by us will be your sole and exclusive remedy against us in such event.
We do not represent or warrant to you, and will expressly disclaim any warranty that the Proprietary
Programs are error-free or that the operation and use of the Proprietary Programs by you will be

                                                    - 56 -
