Johns makes no employment decisions on behalf of franchisees.

         The initial installation, training and support for the Information System is provided by a Papa
Johns certified installer over a two-to-four-day process. The certified installer will arrive two days before
the Restaurant's opening day. The first day will be spent installing and testing the hardware with the
franchisee being responsible for electrical and data cable wiring prior to the installer's arrival. The second
day will be devoted to data file maintenance and Restaurant personnel training. On the third day, the
installer will continue to provide training and support throughout the Restaurant's first open day. The
fourth day will again involve training and support during a live situation. This process completes the
installation and training of the Information System and its associated costs are defined in Items 6 and 9.

         The Papa Johns Information Services department offers Information System Installer/Trainer
certification ("Certification"). Franchisees are eligible to have an employee(s) certified as an Information
System installer/trainer(s) if they meet the following criteria:

         •        10 or more undeveloped Restaurants under the development agreement

         •        development of at least one Restaurant opening every quarter

         •        approval from the Papa Johns Information Services Department

         To be eligible for Certification, the trainee must attend and complete:

         •       observation of a complete Information System installation by a certified Papa Johns
                 corporate installer

         •       participation in a complete Information System installation by a certified Papa Johns
                 corporate installer

         •       a final review and certification by Papa Johns Field Systems Deployment
                 personnel

        To maintain currency of Certification, all certified franchisee installer/trainers may be required
to attend re-certification courses. All travel, lodging and meal expenses for the franchise employee for
these courses are to be paid by the franchisee. There is no charge for the training class or the observation,
participation and certification process except for the franchisee's responsibility for all travel, lodging and
meal expenses. Efforts will be made to avoid excessive costs by using franchise sites whenever possible.

        We also reserve the right to require any of your employees or prospective employees to take part
in such training and instruction as we deem necessary. These programs are mandatory and are generally
conducted at our principal offices and/or at a Papa Johns certified training Restaurant, or at your
Restaurant. We may also require you to conduct training or instruction at your Restaurant using materials,
equipment and supplies we designate.

        We expect that training will be conducted for the Principal Operator and your personnel after the
Development Agreement has been signed and completed at least 3 or 4 weeks prior to opening your first
Restaurant. Advance planning is required for timely participation in the training program. All subsequent
new store openings are required to follow the same training requirements. The training offered as of our
most recent fiscal year end is set forth in the following table and further explained in the accompanying
notes.




                                                    - 46 -
