the following: “[Purchaser or successor] hereby assumes [Buyer]’s rights and obligations under that
certain Cheese Purchase Agreement between [Buyer] and PJ Food Service dated [Effective Date under
this Agreement],” or (b) cause the payment at the time of the transfer of any Liability Repayment due
under Section 5.4.

                9.3. Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement, and the parties' respective rights
hereunder, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky, excluding Kentucky’s conflicts of laws principles. Any action to enforce
this Agreement shall be brought only in a federal or state court with jurisdiction over the matter and
located in Jefferson County, Kentucky.

                9.4. Waiver. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions of this Agreement will
be deemed, or will constitute, a waiver of any other provision, whether similar, nor will any waiver
constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver will be binding unless executed in writing by the party
making the waiver.
                9.5. Captions. All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience
of the parties, and none shall be deemed to affect the meaning and construction of any provision
hereof.

                9.6 Binding Effect of Agreement . Except as provided in Section 8.2, this Agreement
shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns.

               9.7. Notices. The term “notice” as used in this Agreement will mean written notice,
except where specifically provided otherwise. Notice will be delivered by (i) certified mail, return
receipt requested (or the equivalent), (ii) facsimile with receipt electronically verified, (iii) overnight
courier service which provides a delivery receipt, or (iv) by an electronic m ail message with receipt
electronically verified, to the following addresses or to such other address or person as a party m ay
specify by notice given in accordance with this Section 8.7:

               If to Buyer:
               Address maintained in PJF’s records pursuant to a Franchise Agreement

               If to PJFS:                                  With a copy to:
               Treasurer                                    General Counsel
               PJ Food Service, Inc.                        Papa John’s International, Inc.
               2002 Papa John’s Boulevard                   2002 Papa John’s Boulevard
               Louisville, Kentucky 40299                   Louisville, Kentucky 40299


                9.8. No Effect on Franchise Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be
deemed to modify any obligation of Buyer or PJ I under any Franchise Agreement between Buyer and
PJI or any affiliate of PJI.

               9.9. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties in one or more
counterparts that collectively will constitute one fully executed agreement.

                                                     7
