not at any time commit any act that would infringe upon or impair the value of the System or the
Marks, nor will you engage in any business or market any product or service under a trade name,
trademark, service mark, logo or design that is confusingly or deceptively similar to any of the
Marks. You agree that you will not, either during the Term or any time thereafter, directly or
indirectly challenge or contest the validity of, or take any action to jeopardize our rights in or
ownership of, any of the Marks or any registration of a Mark or any Copyrighted Work. If you
violate this provision, we will be entitled to all equitable, monetary, punitive and any other relief that
may be available under applicable law, as well as the recovery of all costs, expenses and attorneys'
fees incurred by us as result of such violation.

                (e)     Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. You understand and agree
that we have disclosed or may disclose to you certain confidential or proprietary information and
trade secrets. Except as necessary in connection with the operation of the Restaurants and as
approved by us, you shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or
communicate or divulge to, or use for the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets,
confidential information, knowledge or know-how concerning the recipes, food products,
advertising, marketing, designs, plans, software, programs or methods of operation of the
Restaurants or the System. You will disclose to your employees only such confidential, proprietary or
trade secret information as is necessary to operate your business under Papa Johns franchises and then
only while the franchise is in effect. Any and all information, knowledge, or know-how,
including, without limitation, drawings, materials, equipment, marketing, recipes, and other data,
that we designate under the Agreements as secret or confidential shall be deemed secret and
confidential for purposes of this Owner Agreement.

                (f)      Reasonableness of Scope and Duration. You agree that the covenants and
agreements contained in this Section 2 are, taken as a whole, reasonable with respect to the activities
covered and their geographic scope and duration, and no party shall raise any issue of the
reasonableness of the areas, activities or duration of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce
any such covenants. Each of you acknowledge and agree that you have other skills and resources
and that the restrictions contained in this Section will not hinder your activities or ability to make a
living either under the Agreements or in general.

                (g)         Enforceability.     Each of you agree that we may not be adequately
compensated by damages for a breach of any of the covenants and agreements contained herein, and
that, in addition to all other remedies, we are entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance to
remedy such breach. The covenants and agreements contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as
separate covenants and agreements, and if any court or arbitrator shall finally determine that the
restraints provided for in any such covenants and agreements are too broad as to the area, activity or
time covered, said area, activity or time covered may be reduced to whatever extent the court or
arbitrator deems reasonable, and such covenants and agreements shall be enforced as to such reduced
area, activity or time. To the extent required by applicable law, the duration or the geographic areas
included within the foregoing covenants, or both, shall be deemed amended in accordance with this
Section 2.(h).




                                                   -3
