        on its audit, and corporate governance committees).

Director: John Miller

        John Miller was appointed to the Board in July, 2023. Mr. Miller served as President and Chief
        Executive Officer of Denny's Corporation (NASDAQ: DENN) from January 2011 to April 2022
        and is an accomplished restaurant industry veteran. He continues to serve on Denny’s Board of
        Directors. Prior to joining Denny's, Mr. Miller served as Chief Executive Officer of Taco Bueno
        Restaurants, Inc. (August 2005- January 2011). He also spent 17 years with Brinker International,
        where he held numerous management positions, including President of Romano's Macaroni Grill;
        President of Brinker's Mexican Concepts, responsible for overseeing On The Border and
        Cozymel's; and Vice President, Franchise, for the Chili's brand. Earlier in his career, he held
        various operations and restaurant management positions at Unigate Restaurant/Casa Bonita in
        Dallas, Texas.



                                        ITEM 3: LITIGATION

         Pach Food Services, LLC v. Papa John’s USA, Inc., Superior Court of New Jersey, Bergen
County Division, case number 2:15-CV-05525-MCA-LDW. In May 2015, Pach Food Services, a former
Papa Johns franchisee, filed suit against our affiliate, Papa John’s USA, Inc. The plaintiff opened a Papa
Johns Restaurant under an incentive program that included a lease of certain Restaurant equipment. The
suit alleged that Papa John’s USA improperly altered the lease and filed liens against equipment that the
plaintiff had fully paid for and therefore was owned outright by the plaintiff and should not have been
included in the lease. The suit alleged that Papa John’s USA’s actions constituted breach of the equipment
lease, violation of the Kentucky Consumer Protection Act, unjust enrichment and conversion. The
complaint sought compensatory, punitive and consequential damages in unspecified amounts, together
with interest, costs and attorney fees. In April 2016, the parties settled the case. The settlement’s material
term was a payment to Pach Food Services of $30,000.

         In Re Papa John’s Employee and Franchisee Employee Antitrust Litigation, United States
District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, Case No.: 3:18-CV-00825-JHM-RSE. On February
19, 2019, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint asserting a class action for violation of the
Sherman Antitrust Act. This Consolidated Amended Complaint is a consolidation of the following cases:
(1) Greer v. Papa John’s, a class action complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, Case No. 1:18-CV-11312-PKC on December 4, 2018; (2) Page v. Papa John’s
International, Inc. and Papa John’s USA, Inc. filed in the United States District Court for the Western
District of Kentucky, Case No. 3:18-CV-835- CHB on December 18, 2018; and (3) Houston v. Papa
John’s International, Inc. and Papa John’s USA, Inc. filed in the United States District Court for the
Western District of Kentucky, Case No. 3:18-CV-00825-JHM-RSE on December 14, 2018. The
underlying premise is that the franchise agreements contain no-hire and no-solicitation (collectively, “no-
poach”) provisions that reduce competition for the recruitment and hiring of employees of Papa Johns
Restaurants or the Restaurants of other Papa Johns franchisees. In addition to certification of the suit as
a class action, the Complaint seeks: (a) appointment of Plaintiffs as representatives of the class and
interim co-lead counsel as class counsel; (b) a declaration that defendant’s violated the applicable law;
(c) damages, the amount to be trebled in accordance with the federal anti-trust law; (d) an injunction
against the continuation of the allegedly illegal act; (e) attorney fees and costs of the lawsuit; (f) a
declaration that defendant’s be enjoined and restrained from establishing any similar agreement
unreasonably restricting competition for employees; and (f) pre-judgment interest. The complaint does
not specify a dollar amount for the damages claimed. On April 14, 2022, the parties reached a settlement
in principle to resolve the case. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, in exchange for the

                                                    -7-
