electronic (email or other software-based messaging) communication. You must take all other
actions necessary to enable the modified, enhanced or replacement Information System and
Designated Software to operate as specified by us. Any such modifications, enhancements, and
replacements may require you to incur costs to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified
computer hardware and/or software or other equipment and to obtain different and/or additional
service and support services. You acknowledge that changes or advancements in technology are
likely to occur and that the timing and pace of such changes or advancements are not predictable.
We have the right to establish reasonable new standards for implementation of new technology as
part of the System and you will promptly adopt and implement such new standards as if this
Agreement were periodically revised for that purpose. Such new standards may apply to the
Information System or the Alternative Ordering Systems or may consist of entirely new
technologies that we, in our discretion, determine are valuable enhancements or additions to the
System.

                         (xi)    Warranties and Limitation of Liability. We represent and warrant
to you that if we sell or license the Proprietary Programs to you: (A) we will have all rights, licenses
and authorizations necessary to license the Proprietary Programs to you, subject only to non-
exclusive licenses granted to others; and (B) the Proprietary Programs will not, and as a result of
any enhancements, improvements or modifications provided by us will not, to the best of our
knowledge, infringe upon any United States patent, copyright or other proprietary right of any third
party. If your use of the Proprietary Programs as provided by us is enjoined as a result of a claim
by a third party of patent or copyright infringement or other violation of proprietary rights, we will,
in our sole discretion, either: (1) procure for you the right to continue use of the Proprietary
Programs as contemplated hereunder; or (2) replace the Proprietary Programs or modify it such
that there is no infringement of the third party's rights; and such action by us will be your sole and
exclusive remedy against us in such event. We do not represent or warrant to you, and expressly
disclaim, any warranty that the Proprietary Programs are error-free or that the operation and use of
the Proprietary Programs by you will be uninterrupted or error-free. We have no obligation or
liability for any expense or loss incurred by you arising from use of the Proprietary Programs in
conjunction with any other computer program. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
you are solely responsible for inputting into and configuring the Information System to
accommodate information of local applicability, including state and local taxability of goods and
services sold or provided in the Restaurants and state and local sales tax rates.

     EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTIES, WE MAKE NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, WITH RESPECT TO
THE DESIGNATED SOFTWARE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, INCLUDING ANY
PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION OR OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED HEREUNDER,
OR   ANY   COMPONENT     THEREOF,   AND    ALL  WARRANTIES    OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH
RESPECT THERETO ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. WE HAVE NO LIABILITY
FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

               (d)       Maintenance, Remodeling, Re-equipping, Enhancements and
Replacements. You must at all times to maintain the Restaurant in accordance with our standards,
and, within 90 days from the date of written notice from us, remodel or re-equip or perform such
maintenance at the Restaurant in accordance with the specifications we provide. Such maintenance,
                                                 -21
