
               (a)    Ownership of Copyrights. You acknowledge that: (i) we may authorize
you to use certain copyrighted or copyrightable works (the "Copyrighted Works"), including the
Manuals; (ii) the Copyrighted Works are the valuable property of us; and (iii) your rights to use
the Copyrighted Works are granted to you solely on the condition that you comply with the terms
of this Agreement. You acknowledge that we will further create, acquire or obtain licenses for
certain copyrights in various works of authorship used in connection with the operation of the
Restaurant, all of which shall be deemed to be Copyrighted Works under this Agreement.
Copyrighting of any material by us will not be construed as causing the material to be public
information. All data provided by you, uploaded to our computer system from your computer
system, and/or downloaded from your computer system to our computer system is and will be
owned exclusively by us, and we will have the right to use that data in any manner that we deem
appropriate without compensation to you.

                (b)     Ownership; Use by Others. You acknowledge that we are the sole and
exclusive owner of: (i) the Marks and all goodwill associated with or generated by use of the
Marks; (ii) the Copyrighted Works; and (iii) any and all data generated by use of the Copyrighted
Works. You acknowledge that all works of authorship related to the System that are created in the
future will be owned by, or licensed to, us or our Affiliates. Your use of the Copyrighted Works
and the Marks does not vest you with any interest therein other than the non-exclusive license to
use the Copyrighted Works and Marks granted in this Agreement. You will execute any
documents that we or our counsel deem necessary for the protection of the Copyrighted Works or
the Marks or to maintain their validity or enforceability, or to aid us in acquiring rights in or in
registering any of the Marks or any trademarks, trade names, service marks, slogans, logos or
emblems that we subsequently adopt. You will give notice to us of any knowledge that you acquire
concerning any actual or threatened infringement of the Copyrighted Works or the Marks, or the
use by others of names, marks or logos that are the same as or similar to the Marks. You will
cooperate with us in any suit, claim or proceeding involving the Marks or the Copyrighted Works
or their use to protect our rights and interests in the Marks or the Copyrighted Works. We, in our
sole discretion, control all decisions concerning the Marks or the Copyrighted Works.

              (c)     Use of Marks. You have the right to use the Marks only in connection with
the promotion and operation of the Restaurant or the Chain, and only in the manner that we
authorize. Your right to use the Marks is limited to use during the Term of this Agreement and in
compliance with specifications, procedures and standards prescribed by us from time to time. You
will prominently display the Marks in the manner that we prescribe on all signs, plastic and paper
products, and other supplies and packaging materials that we designate. You will not fail to
perform any act required under this Agreement, or commit any act, that would impair the value of
the Marks or the goodwill associated with the Marks. You will not at any time engage in any
business or market any product or service under any name or mark that is confusingly or
deceptively similar to any of our Marks. You will not use any of the Marks as part of your

                                                13
