operate a retail restaurant under the System and the Marks to be located at the location specified in
Section 25.(m) (the “Location”). Pursuant to this grant, you, at your own expense, must construct
or remodel, equip, staff, open and operate the Restaurant at the Location. Unless otherwise agreed
in writing by us, you must commence operating the Restaurant within 60 days after the Effective
Date and operate such business in accordance with this Agreement for the Term (defined below).
You must provide us at least fourteen (14) days prior written notice of the date on which you intend
to open the Restaurant. Approval of the Location by us does not constitute an assurance,
representation or warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, as to: (i) the suitability of the Location
for a Papa Johns Restaurant; (ii) the successful operation of the Restaurant; or (iii) for any other
purpose. Our approval of the Location indicates only that we believe it complies with acceptable
minimum criteria that we establish solely for our purposes at the time of the evaluation. Unless we
otherwise approve, the Franchise applies only to the Location and the operations of the Restaurant
must be carried on only from the Location.

       2.        Term, Renewal and Expiration.

              (a)      Term. The initial term of the Franchise is 10 years from the Effective Date
of this Agreement, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Agreement (the "Term").

                (b)      Renewal of Franchise. This Agreement does not automatically renew upon
the expiration of the Term. However, you have an option to renew the Franchise for one additional
10-year term (the "Renewal Term") upon the expiration of the Term if, and only if, each and every
one of the following conditions has been satisfied:

                       (i)     You give us written notice of your desire to renew the Franchise not
less than four months nor more than twelve months before the end of the Term. If we have not received
notice from you of your desire to renew within such period, we will notify (email acceptable) you
and provide you a 30-day grace period within which to submit the renewal notice.

                       (ii)   You are not in material default of any provision of this Agreement or
any other agreement with us or our subsidiaries or affiliates related to the Location and have
substantially complied with the terms and conditions of these agreements during their terms. If there
is any outstanding default under Section 19.(c) it must be cured within the time period specified in
Section 19 with such renewal not being effective until it is cured; and all your debts and obligations
to us and our Affiliates under this Agreement or otherwise must be current (or brought current
before the effective date of the renewal), including your obligations to the Marketing Fund (as
defined in Section 8.(b)) and if applicable each Cooperative (as defined in Section 8.(c)) of which
you are a member.

                     (iii)     You must promptly execute and deliver to us a new Papa Johns
Franchise Agreement, which Franchise Agreement will supersede this Agreement in all respects,
and the terms and conditions of which may differ from this Agreement, provided such Franchise
Agreement will provide for a term of 10 years.

                      (iv)     We then continue to operate the System under the Marks, in the state
in which the Restaurant is located and have all required documents filed and all necessary approvals
                                                   2
