standards maintained from time to time by PJFS, PJI and PJF.

        4. Price; Payment Terms.

               4.1.    Price. The price of the Product at the time of purchase by the Buyer pursuant to
       this Agreement (the “Product Price”) will be the price established for each fiscal Period
       determined in accordance with the formula matrix published and distributed to participating Papa
       Johns franchisees by PJFS on a monthly basis. PJFS will determine the Product Price according
       to a pricing formula (the “Price Formula”) based on the following parameters:

                       (i) The Product Price will remain fixed throughout the applicable fiscal Period,
even if the Product Price established for the Period varies from the market price at which PJFS purchases
the Product;

                       (ii) If the market price of the Product at which PJFS purchases the Product falls
during a Period, the Cheese Program will build a surplus because PJFS will continue to sell the Product
to Cheese Program participants at the established Product Price for the remainder of the Period, even
though the established Product Price is above the market price at which PJFS purchases cheese. In that
case, PJFS will establish the price of Product for the subsequent Period at a level designed to draw down
the surplus.

                       (iii) If the market price of the Product at which PJFS purchases the Product rises
during a Period,. the Cheese Program will incur a deficit because PJFS will continue to sell cheese at the
established Product Price for the remainder of the Period, even though the established Product Price is
below the market price at which PJFS purchases the Product. In that case, PJFS will establish the price of
Product for the subsequent Period at a level designed to reduce or retire the deficit.

                       (iv) Buyer acknowledges that the Product Price established by the Price Formula
 will differ from the market price for the Product. However, over the long term, the amount that Cheese
 Program participants pay for the Product will approximate the actual market price of the Product, and
 Cheese Program deficits and surpluses will balance to zero. The Product Price may differ from the
 market price in the short term but will not vary over the course of a fiscal Period.

                4.2. Buyer Liability. Buyer acknowledges that any future P r o d u c t P r i c e established
 under the Cheese-Purchasing Program pursuant to this Agreement at a level less than the then-current
 market price will constitute or create an Accumulated Cheese Purchase Liability, as defined in Section
 1.1, and a potential liability for Buyer in the form of a Liability Repayment, as defined below in Section
 5.4. Buyer shall repay such liability in two ways: (a) Buyer’s payment of a Product Price that from time
 to time includes a premium over the market price, in accordance with the Price Formula; and (b) if
 applicable, Buyer’s payment of the Liability Repayment, as provided in Section 5.4 of this Agreement.

                4.3. Buyer Receivable . Buyer acknowledges that any future Product Price established
 under the Cheese-Purchasing Program pursuant to this Agreement at a level more than the then-current
 market price will constitute or create an Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable, as defined in
 Section 1.2, and a potential receivable for Buyer in the form of a Receivable Refund, as defined below
                                                      3
