Restaurant and the amount of the food products, materials and supplies that you order. We will offer
guidance and suggestions as to the proper amounts. You should talk to other franchisees prior to deciding
how much to order.

        10.      The amount at the lower end of the range is for advertising that you conduct in
connection with the opening of your first Restaurant and does not include any contributions to the
Marketing Fund or to a Cooperative. You are obligated under the Franchise Agreement to conduct grand
opening advertising for both Standard and Small-Town Restaurants. Standard Restaurants are required
to spend a minimum of $10,000 on grand opening advertising, marketing, and promotional efforts; Small-
Town Restaurants are required to spend a minimum of $5,000 on grand opening advertising, marketing,
and promotional efforts; and Non-Traditional Restaurants are required to spend a minimum of $5,000 on
grand opening advertising, marketing, and promotional efforts. We (or an affiliated entity) may make
promotional items available for grand opening programs, and we may provide guidance and assistance to
you to develop and execute such programs (see Item 11).

         11.        You are responsible for costs and expenses of your trainees (such as travel, meals,
lodging and the trainee’s compensation). The estimated range includes the expenses of transportation to
the certified training Restaurant, lodging and meals for one person based on a seven-week training period.
We may require the training period to extend for more than 16 weeks depending on the level of retail
pizza and/or restaurant experience of the trainee. We also require training on the Information System.
Training is required for your Principal Operator, multi-unit supervisors, and management team before
your first Restaurant is opened. However, the costs will vary depending on the actual number of trainees,
the distance to be traveled, the means of transportation used, the choice or availability of lodging and the
experience of the trainees.

        12.      This item covers miscellaneous opening costs and expenses, such as installation of
telephones, business licenses, and recruiting and opening team training costs.

        13.      This item estimates your initial startup expenses for a three-month period and assumes
you pay the maximum estimated figure for monthly rent. These expenses include payroll costs for one
Restaurant manager and other Restaurant employees, but do not include any draw or salary for you. This
item does not include royalty or advertising payments, which will be based on your revenue. Also, we
cannot estimate the cost of any financing interest or the amount of any debt service obligation. These
figures are estimates and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the
business.

         14.      For standard Restaurants, we relied on over 30 years of business experience from our
predecessors and affiliates to compile these estimates, and on information that we have obtained from our
current franchisees. For Non-Traditional Restaurants and Small-Town Restaurants, we have relied on
our predecessors’ and affiliates’ experience, and that of our franchisees, in operating Restaurants at non-
traditional and small-town locations. Our predecessor had approximately 15 years of experience with
these type of operations, and the information obtained from our franchisees is based on their experience.
Some of the costs will vary depending on whether the Restaurant is the first one you open in a market or
one of several you operate in the same market.

        None of the estimated expenditures listed in the table are refundable, except (i) utility deposits
are usually refundable, and (ii) lease security deposits may be refundable. Except as described in Item
10, with respect to the lease of Restaurant equipment, we do not offer financing for any part of the initial
investment. The availability and terms of financing from third parties will depend on factors such as the
availability of financing generally, your creditworthiness, collateral you may have and lending policies
of financial institutions. The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest or debt service
obligation. The ranges between the lower and upper estimates in the table for standard Restaurants are

                                                   - 23 -
