
        THIS CHEESE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into
effective as of _____________, 20___ (the “Effective Date”), by and between PJ Food Service, Inc., a
Kentucky corporation (“PJFS”), and the undersigned franchisee (“Buyer”). Papa John’s International,
Inc. (“PJI”) and Papa John’s Franchising LLC (“PJF”) join in this Agreement for purposes of
acknowledging and agreeing to its provisions.

        A. PJFS is engaged in the business of warehousing and distributing cheese and other products
 to operators of “Papa Johns” pizza restaurants in the contiguous 48 states of the U.S. and has the
 capability of providing a stable source of cheese at relatively stable prices to Papa Johns’ franchisees
 who commit to purchase their cheese requirements from PJFS on a long-term basis.

        B. Reducing the volatility of cheese prices charged to Papa Johns’ franchisees by PJFS
 involves buying cheese at the weekly spot market and reselling it to PJFS at a fixed periodic price,
 which in turn sells the cheese to Papa Johns’ franchisees at a fixed periodic price.

         C. PJFS has incurred surpluses and deficits over time by selling cheese to the Papa Johns
 restaurant system at prices differing from the actual market price for cheese, based on the cheese price
 formula in effect from time to time.

         D. In order to maintain the cheese purchasing program for the ongoing benefit of the domestic
 Papa Johns’ restaurant system (administered either through a separate entity, or as a separate
 accounting ledger within PJFS, at the discretion of PJI), and to reduce the complexity of financial
 reporting for PJI, the parties desire to enter into this agreement governing the purchase and sale of
 cheese between the parties.

         NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and the mutual covenants set
 forth herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

         1. Definitions. In addition to other term s defined elsewhere in this Agreement the following
 definitions apply:

                  1.1. The term “Accumulated Cheese Purchase Liability ” means the cumulative
 dollar amount of sales of cheese at the Product Price to all buyers under this form of Agreement and to
 PJI and its affiliates, less the sum of (i) the dollar amount of cumulative purchases of cheese by PJFS
 under the Agreement and (ii) cumulative administrative costs, interest and dividends accrued, if such
 difference produces a negative number as the result.

                1.2. The term “Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable” means the
 cumulative dollar amount of sales of cheese to all buyers under this form of Agreement, less the sum
 of (i) the cumulative purchases of cheese by PJFS under the Agreement and (ii) cumulative
 administrative costs, interest and dividends accrued, if such difference produces a positive number as
 the result.

               1.3    For purposes of Sections 1.1 and 1.2, the following terms have the following
 meanings: “Administrative costs” means routine administrative costs needed to operate the cheese-
 purchasing Program, consistent with past practices followed in administering the Program.
                                                     1
