be set by the Board of Papa Card, Inc. and may be changed by the Board of Papa Card, Inc. from
time to time, provided the rate cannot be less than 1½% nor more than 2% without our written
approval.

                (d)     Taxes. If the state in which the Restaurant is located (or a local taxing
authority within the state) imposes a sales tax, use tax, gross receipts compensating tax or similar
tax on the Initial Franchise Fee, the Royalty or the Digital Fee, we will collect such tax from you
in addition to the amount set forth or determined as provided herein and remit the amount of the tax
directly to the taxing authority. This does not include income taxes imposed on us, for which we
are solely responsible. If the state in which the Restaurant is located (or a local taxing authority
within the state) requires you to withhold tax on any payment that you are obligated to make to us
or our Affiliates, you must timely pay such withheld amounts to the appropriate taxing authority and
promptly deliver to us receipts of applicable governmental authorities for all such taxes withheld or
paid. We have no obligation to recognize or give credit for any amounts so withheld until you
provide to us receipts or other evidence acceptable to us that such amounts have been duly remitted to
the appropriate taxing authority. We have no obligation to recognize or give credit for any such
receipts provided more than three (3) years after the associated tax year. You are responsible for
and undertake to indemnify us and our Affiliates against and hold us and our Affiliates harmless from
any penalties, interest and expenses incurred by or assessed against us or any of our Affiliates as a
result of your failure to withhold such taxes or to timely remit them to the appropriate taxing
authority.

               (e)     Payments.

                       (i)     At least 10 days before opening the Restaurant (and thereafter as
requested by us), you must execute and deliver to us, our bank(s) and your bank, as necessary, all
forms and documents that we may request to permit us to debit your bank account, either by check,
electronic funds transfer or other means utilizing the "Information System" (as defined in
Section 10.(c)(i)(B)) or by such alternative methods as we may designate ("Payment Methods").
You must comply with all procedures specified by us from time to time, and take such reasonable
actions as we may request to assist in any of the Payment Methods. We may use the Payment
Methods to collect the amount of each Period's Royalty, Digital Fee and any other amounts due to
us, our Affiliates, the Marketing Fund or Papa Card, Inc. under this Agreement or otherwise,
including amounts owed to us and/or our Affiliates in connection with: (A) Marketing Fund
contributions; (B) purchases from "PJFS" (as defined in Section 12.(b)) and all of our other
Affiliates; (C) Papa Card purchase and balance increase transactions by customers; (D) transfer fees
and (E) renewal fees. You must complete and provide to us any tax forms or other instruments or
documents necessary or appropriate to give effect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
including an IRS Form W-9.

                       (ii)     We will determine your Net Sales for each Period via the Information
System, or if we are unable to do so, we may estimate the Net Sales of the Restaurant for such Period
and debit your bank account the amount of the Royalty, Digital Fee and Marketing Fund
contribution based on such estimate. If an estimate results in an overpayment, the amount of the
overpayment will be deducted from the next Period's Royalty, Digital Fee and Marketing Fund
contribution. Any deficiency resulting from such estimate may be added to the next Royalty, Digital
                                                  5
