“including but not limited to” or “including without limitation.”

                (c)     Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the documents incorporated herein
by reference and the Exhibits attached hereto, constitute the entire agreement between the parties,
and all prior understandings or agreements concerning the subject matter hereof are canceled and
superseded by this Agreement, provided, nothing in this Agreement is intended to disclaim any
representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document that we furnished to you in connection
with the offer and sale of Papa Johns franchises. The Exhibits to this Agreement are incorporated
herein by reference and made a part hereof as if set out in full herein.

                 (d)    Affiliate. As used in this Agreement, the term "Affiliate" means any person
or entity that is owned or controlled by us or that owns or controls us or is under common control
with us, directly or through one or more intermediaries.

               (e)    Amendments. Except for those permitted to be made unilaterally by us, no
supplement, amendment or variation of the terms of this Agreement will be valid unless made in
writing and signed by the parties hereto.

                (f)     Waivers. No failure by us to exercise any right given to us hereunder or to
insist upon strict compliance by you with any obligation, agreement or undertaking hereunder, and
no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, constitutes a waiver of our
right to demand full and exact compliance by you with the terms hereof. Waiver by us of any
particular default by you does not affect or impair our rights with respect to any subsequent default
of the same or of a different nature, nor will any delay or omission by us to exercise any right
arising from such default affect or impair our rights as to such default or any subsequent default.

              (g)     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together constitute one and the same
instrument.

               (h)    Headings. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only,
and the paragraphs will be interpreted as if such headings were omitted.

                (i)    Time of Essence. You acknowledge that time is of the essence with regard
to your obligations hereunder and that all of your obligations are material to us and this Agreement.

               (j)     Effective Date. This Agreement is effective only upon execution by an
authorized representative of Papa Johns and delivery to you. The date that we set forth below is
the Effective Date of the Agreement.




                                                 53
