
9/    This fee may be increased by the Board of Directors of the Marketing Fund, but the fee may not
      be increased to a rate greater than 2% unless approved by us (See Item 11).

10/   We may also collect cooperative contributions by electronic transfer if approved by the
      Cooperative and us and remit the funds to the Cooperative. This would be done only with the
      written agreement of the Cooperative. However, we are not responsible to follow-up on
      Cooperative ACH Returns. Notwithstanding the foregoing and only with respect to some
      existing franchisees, in some instances certain existing Cooperative contractual commitments
      will need to be satisfied prior to ceasing participation in the Cooperative.

      As part of the NMF Initiative, the members of the Marketing Fund approved making participation
      in and contribution to a Cooperative voluntary for franchisees until December 30, 2029. If at any
      time prior to December 30, 2029, the NMF Initiative is repealed or changed by a vote of the
      members of the Marketing Fund, or otherwise any time after December 30, 2029 (a “Mandatory
      Period”), then participation in and contribution to a Cooperative may become mandatory under
      the terms of the Franchise Agreement. During any Mandatory Period, the minimum Cooperative
      contribution would be 2% of Net Sales, but franchisees would be able to opt to take the
      Cooperative contribution rate down to an amount to make the combined Cooperative and
      Marketing Fund contribution rate 7% of Net Sales. During any Mandatory Period, a reduction
      in the Cooperative contribution rate, other than to bring the combined Cooperative rate and
      Marketing Fund rate to 7%, could be done with a majority vote of Restaurants in the Cooperative
      or by agreement. During a Mandatory Period, Cooperative members may opt to pay a higher
      amount, so the current highest contribution rate may exceed 2%. Non-Traditional Restaurants
      pay 25% of the Cooperative's contribution rate for standard Restaurants during a Mandatory
      Period. During a Mandatory Period, Small-Town Restaurants do not make a separate
      contribution to the Cooperative, but instead the required contribution of 25% of the Cooperative’s
      contribution rate is included in the Royalty. During any Mandatory Period, if we control any
      particular Cooperative, we will not charge more than 7% of Net Sales unless agreed upon by a
      majority of the Cooperative or by a vote of not less than 2/3 of Restaurants. Non-Traditional
      Restaurants and Small-Town Restaurants do not have voting rights in cooperatives.

11/    As part of the NMF Initiative the members of the Marketing Fund approved making local
      marketing spending voluntary for franchisees until December 30, 2029. If at any time prior to
      December 30, 2029, the NMF Initiative is repealed or changed by a vote of the members of the
      Marketing Fund, or otherwise any time after December 30, 2029 (a “Mandatory Period”) local
      advertising may become mandatory as described in Footnote 12 below. During any Mandatory
      Period, in addition to the combined National Marketing Fund and Cooperative contributions,
      Small-Town Restaurants are required to spend a minimum of 2% of Net Sales on local
      advertising, marketing and promotional efforts. Local advertising spending requirements may not
      be applicable to some Non-Traditional Restaurants during any Mandatory Period. Standard
      Traditional Restaurants will still be required to spend a minimum of $10,000 in grand opening
      initiatives and Small-Town Restaurants will still be required to spend at minimum of $5,000 in
      grand opening initiatives.

12/    As part of the NMF Initiative, the members of the Marketing Fund approved relieving
      franchisees of any obligation to spend any minimum aggregate amount on combined
      contributions to the Marketing Fund, Cooperative contributions, and local marketing spending,
      other than the requirement to pay the 6% of Net Sales contribution rate to the Marketing Fund,
      until December 30, 2029.



                                                - 16 -
