generality of this Section 1.(c), as used herein “Development Area” refers to each geographic area
in which you are required to develop a Restaurant pursuant and subject to the terms of this
Agreement and, following the development and opening of a Restaurant hereunder, the
Development Area associated with that Restaurant will no longer be protected and considered a
“Development Area” under this Agreement (it being understood that the territory protections for
such developed Restaurant shall be as set forth in the applicable Franchise Agreement).

                (d)    This Agreement is not a franchise agreement and we do not grant you any
franchise rights or other rights to use the Marks or System under this Agreement.

               (e)     You have no right to license or subfranchise others to use the Marks or the
System, or to enter into any agreement with respect to the Marks or System.

       2.      Initial Fee Payments.

               (a)    Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, you must pay to us a
development fee deposit of $_________ ("Development Fee"). The Development Fee is fully
earned by us when paid, is non-refundable except as expressly provided in this Agreement and is
not contingent upon our rendering any further performance.         The Development Fee is in
consideration of, among other things, the development rights granted to you, the reservation of the
Development Area, the development opportunities lost or deferred as a result of the rights granted
to you in this Agreement and the administrative and other expenses that we have incurred. The
Development Fee for each Restaurant will be credited towards the applicable initial franchise fee
for that Restaurant.

               (b)    You shall expend a minimum of $_______ on grand opening advertising,
marketing and promotional efforts for each Restaurant in the period beginning one month before
the Restaurant’s scheduled opening date and ending six weeks after the Restaurant’s actual
opening date. The foregoing advertising, marketing and promotional expenditure is in addition to,
and will not be counted towards, required monthly advertising contributions and expenditures
required under the Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant.


                 (c)    If you use the design and/or architecture services that we, our Affiliates, or
our designees provide in connection with the development of any Restaurant hereunder, then you
must pay to us a fee of $950 (“Test Fit Fee”). If applicable, the Test Fit Fee is fully earned by us
when paid, is non-refundable, and is not contingent upon our rendering any further performance.
The Test Fit Fee is payable in connection with your submission of the completed site evaluation
form under Section 3(b)(i) below. Subject to our prior written consent for any third-party service
providers, you will not be required to pay the Test Fit Fee if you choose not to use our, our
Affiliates’, or our designees’ design and/or architecture services for your Restaurant.

       3.      Development of Restaurants; Schedule for Completion.




                                                  4
