foregoing information, including any additional information reasonably related to the foregoing,
has been provided to us. During this 45-day period (or, if extended, 60-day period), you must give
us or our designated representatives or agents access to the Restaurant(s) to inspect facilities,
signage and equipment and we may contact landlords as necessary. If we exercise our right of
first refusal and no form of purchase agreement is provided with your notice, the transfer to us
must be completed pursuant to our then standard transfer agreements, including, but not limited
to, our standard Asset Purchase Agreement, Bill of Sale, and Assignment of Lease. If we exercise
our right of first refusal you agree to take all reasonable action necessary to assign the lease with
the lessor of the Restaurant to us. We may assign our first right and option to an Affiliate at any
time during our 45-day (or, if extended, 60-day) evaluation period.

                         (iv) Valuation. Should the proposed transfer not involve payment of
 any consideration or involve the payment of any non-cash consideration, we have the option to
 purchase the interest at a price equal to the fair market value of such interest. We may determine
 the fair market value using fair and reasonable methods. We will make such determination as
 promptly as practicable, but in no event later than 45 days (or 60 days, if extended as provided
 herein) after we have received fully complete notice of the intended transfer, including all items
 specified above. If you disagree with the value as we determine, then you and Papa Johns must
 each hire an appraiser (or a single appraiser, if you and Papa Johns so agree) to value the interest.
 If the appraisals are within 10% of each other (measured from the higher of the two appraisals),
 then the difference between the two will be equally divided to establish the price at which we
 may exercise our first right and option. If the difference between the appraisals is greater than
 10%, then the issue of the fair market value of the interest will be determined by a third appraiser
 selected by the other two appraisers and whose decision will be final and binding, except that it
 may not be lower or higher than the lowest appraisal and highest appraisal, respectively,
 determined by the first two appraisers.

                         (v)    Approved Transfers. If we decide not to exercise our right of first
 refusal, and if we approve the transfer in writing, you (or the transferor of an interest in you) may
 make the proposed transfer on the exact terms and conditions specified in your notice to us,
 within 60 days after the expiration of our first right and option. If there is any change of the
 proposed transferee or material change in the terms of the transfer or the assets or interest(s) to
 be transferred, or if the transfer is not consummated within such 60-day period, you may not
 thereafter may any transfer without against complying with this Section 14.(c). You must keep
 the bank account designated for the Payment Methods (as provided in Section 3.(e)(i)) open for
 a minimum of 30 days after the transfer and to fund such account in sufficient amounts to permit
 us to use the Payment Methods to collect amounts owed to us and/or any of our Affiliates in
 connection with your operation of the Restaurant. In the case of an approved transfer of this
 Agreement and/or the assets of the Restaurant, the transferee has the option of assuming this
 Agreement for its then remaining term or executing a new agreement in the form of the then
 current Franchise Agreement being offered to Papa Johns franchisees with a term equal to the
 remaining Term hereof (except that no Initial Fee will be due); provided that the transferee must
 make the same election for all Restaurants it is acquiring from you.



                                                 32
