Fund. Such reporting shall be in addition to the other reporting requirements under this Agreement
and the By-Laws. Papa Johns may also provide information relating to your sales to the Marketing
Fund.



               (c)    Failure to Report Sales. If you fail to report the sales of any Controlled
Restaurant on a timely basis, the Marketing Fund may estimate the sales of the Restaurant for such
month and debit your checking account the amount of the contribution based on such estimate. If an
estimate results in an overpayment, the Marketing Fund shall deduct the amount of the overpayment
from the next month's contribution. Any deficiency resulting from such estimate may be added to the
next contribution payment due. You shall notify the Marketing Fund at least 15 days prior to closing
or making any material change to the account against which such debits are to be made. If such
account is closed or ceases to be used, you shall immediately provide all documents and information
necessary to permit the Marketing Fund to debit the amounts due from an alternative account. You
acknowledge that these requirements are only a method to facilitate prompt and timely payment of
amounts due and shall not affect any obligation or liability of the parties for amounts owed. If for
any reason your account cannot be debited, you shall submit your payments by check on or before
the dates when due. You shall indemnify and hold the Marketing Fund harmless from and against all
damages, losses, costs and expenses resulting from any dishonored debit against your account,
regardless whether resulting from your act or omission or the act or omission of your bank. Any
amounts not paid when due may accrue interest as provided in the By-Laws.



               (d)    Monthly Reports. You shall submit to the Marketing Fund a profit and loss
statement for the prior month together with such other reports and information as the Board may
reasonably require from time to time. Such statement, reports and information shall be submitted
no later than the 15th day of each month.


               (e)    Audits and Inspections. The Marketing Fund may audit or inspect your
books and records at reasonable times. If any audit of such books and records made by Papa Johns or
by the Marketing Fund (or by their respective agents) discloses an understatement of sales for any
period of time or an understatement of the amounts to be contributed to the Marketing Fund under
                                                -3
