and in the manner designated by the Cooperative. You must also submit such statements and
reports as may be designated from time to time by us or the Cooperative.

                      (vii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, we, in our sole discretion, may,
upon written request of a franchisee stating reasons supporting such request, grant to any
franchisee an exemption from the requirement of membership in a Cooperative. Such an
exemption may be for any length of time and may apply to one or more Papa Johns restaurants
owned by such franchisee. We may also exempt one or more restaurants owned or controlled by
us from the requirement of membership in a Cooperative for such periods as we reasonably deem
appropriate. Our decision concerning an exemption is final.

               (d)     Supplemental Advertising. You have the right to conduct, at your separate
expense, supplemental advertising, marketing or promotional programs or activities in addition to
the expenditures specified herein. All such supplemental advertising, marketing or promotional
programs or activities and all materials to be used in connection therewith must be either prepared
or previously approved by us within the 90-day period preceding their intended use, or approved
by us as provided below.

                (e)    National Promotions. We may require you to participate in national
promotions that we believe are of value to the System and for which domestic systemwide
participation is essential to, or a significant element in, the value or success of the promotion.
These promotions may include (by way of example and not of limitation or exclusion) : (i) offering
of premium or other specialty promotional products which may require you to purchase non-
standard inventory items; (ii) customer service incentives; and (iii) sponsorships or association
with selected promotional associates.

                (f)    Our Approval. Before their use by the Cooperative or by you, samples of
all advertising, marketing and promotional materials not prepared or previously approved by us
within the 90-day period preceding their intended use, including co-branding or cross-promotional
efforts containing the name, trademark, service mark, logo or emblem or any third party, must be
submitted to us (to the attention of your designated Papa Johns Marketing team contact unless
otherwise directed by us)for our approval, to ensure consistency with the then-current standards
and image of the System and protection of the Marks and the goodwill associated therewith. If
disapproval is not received within 20 days from the date of receipt by us of such materials, we will
be deemed to have given the required approval. To be considered pre-approved, advertising,
marketing, and promotional materials must be identical to what was previously submitted and
approved, except for non-substantive changes such as changes to dates and store addresses. The
Cooperative and you may not use, and must cease using, any advertising or promotional materials
that we may at any time disapprove, regardless whether we have previously approved any such
items.


                                                17
