                  agree to be bound by all the provisions of the Owner Agreement, a copy of which is
                  attached as Exhibit K-1.

         •        The Principal Operator must be a person approved by us who completes our initial
                  training requirements and who participates in and successfully completes all
                  additional training as we may reasonably designate.

         •        The Principal Operator must be proficient in English.

        If, at any time for any reason, the Principal Operator no longer qualifies to act as such, that
Principal Operator must be removed immediately, you will be in default of the Franchise Agreement (and
we can terminate the Franchise Agreement subject to any cure periods in the Franchise Agreement), and
you must promptly designate another Principal Operator subject to the same qualifications listed above
and notify us.

          Under the Franchise Agreement, the Principal Operator (who has successfully completed our
initial training program) must personally devote his/her full time and best efforts to management and
operation of the Restaurant in order to ensure compliance with the Franchise Agreement and to maintain
our high standards. Management responsibility includes presence of the Principal Operator or a manager
at the Restaurant during all business hours; maintaining the highest standards of product quality and
consistency; maintaining the Restaurant in the highest condition of sanitation, cleanliness and appearance;
and supervising employees to ensure that the highest standard of service is provided and to ensure that
your employees deal with customers, suppliers, us, and all other persons in a courteous and polite manner.
If you operate multiple Restaurants in a substantially contiguous development area, you are required to
appoint a Principal Operator for all of your operations. You are not required to appoint a Principal
Operator for each individual Restaurant.

         If you are a corporation, limited liability company or partnership, each shareholder, member or
partner must personally guarantee your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and/or Development
Agreement and also agree to be personally bound by, and personally liable for the breach of, every
provision of the Franchise Agreement and/or Development Agreement, pursuant to the Owner Agreement
and/or the Relationship Agreement. If you sign a Relationship Agreement with us, each of you and your
affiliates that operate Restaurants must also sign a guaranty agreement on our then-current form, which
will provide that each of you and your affiliates will jointly and severally guarantee your obligations
under the applicable Franchise Agreements and/or Development Agreements.


      ITEM 16:         RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

        You must offer for sale and sell only those products and services that we approve or specify and
you must make all menu items specified by us available for sale by carry-out and delivery service from
the Restaurant, except that no delivery service may be provided from a Venue Non-Traditional Restaurant
without our written consent and delivery service may not be required in certain Non-Traditional and Small
Town Restaurants. You may not offer for sale any products or provide any services that we have not
approved (See Items 8 and 9). We have the right to change the types of authorized products and there are
no limits on our right to do so. We may require you to accept specified forms of payment from customers.
Non-Traditional Restaurants typically are not required (or permitted) to offer the full range of menu
items offered by a typical traditional Papa Johns Restaurant or Small-Town Restaurant. The menu
offerings of Non-Traditional Restaurants will be determined by our operations team. We reserve the right
to disapprove any menu item.



                                                  - 58 -
