
                  (a)   Ownership of Copyrights. We may authorize you to use certain copyrighted
 or copyrightable works (the "Copyrighted Works"), including the Manuals (as defined in Section
 11.(e)) and the "Proprietary Programs" (as defined in Section 10.(c)(i)(A)(2)), and certain
 photographs, drawings, videos, music, or any materials used in advertisement of the Restaurant.
 The Copyrighted Works are our valuable property and your rights to use the Copyrighted Works
 are granted to you on the condition that this right is (a) only for and at the franchised business; and
 (b) only during the term of the Franchise Agreement. You further acknowledge that this right is
 conditioned upon compliance with the terms of this Agreement. We may further create, acquire or
 obtain licenses for certain copyrights in various works of authorship used in connection with the
 operation of the Restaurant, all of which are deemed Copyrighted Works under this Agreement.
 Such Copyrighted Works include the materials and information provided to you by us for use in the
 operation of the Proprietary Programs. You will not undertake to obtain patent or copyright
 registration or otherwise assert proprietary rights to the Copyrighted Works or any data generated
 by the use of the Proprietary Programs or any portion thereof. Copyrighting of any material by us
 is not to be construed as causing the material to be public information. You must cause all copies
 of the Copyrighted Works and any data in your possession generated by use of the Proprietary
 Programs to contain an appropriate copyright notice or other notice of proprietary rights specified
 by us. All data provided by you, uploaded to our system from your system, and/or downloaded from
 your system to our system is and will be owned exclusively by us, and we will have the right to use
 that data in any manner that we deem appropriate without compensation to you.

                 (b)      Ownership; Use by Others. We are the sole and exclusive owner of: (i) the
Marks and all goodwill associated with or generated by use of the Marks; (ii) the Copyrighted
Works; and (iii) any and all data generated by use of the Copyrighted Works. All works of
authorship related to the System that are created in the future will be owned by, or licensed to, us
or our Affiliates. Your use of the Copyrighted Works and the Marks does not vest you with any
interest therein other than the non-exclusive license to use the Copyrighted Works and Marks
granted in this Agreement. You must execute any documents that we or our counsel deem necessary
for the protection of the Copyrighted Works or the Marks or to maintain their validity or enforce-
ability, or to aid us in acquiring rights in or in registering any of the Marks or any trademarks, trade
names, service marks, slogans, logos or emblems that we subsequently adopt. You will give notice
to us of any knowledge that you acquire concerning any actual or threatened infringement of the
Copyrighted Works or the Marks, or the use by others of names, marks or logos that are the same
as or similar to the Marks. You must cooperate with us in any suit, claim or proceeding involving
the Marks or the Copyrighted Works or their use to protect our rights and interests in the Marks or
the Copyrighted Works. We, in our sole discretion, are entitled to control all decisions concerning
the Marks or the Copyrighted Works.

               (c)     Use of Marks. You are authorized to use the Marks only in connection with
the promotion and operation of the Restaurant or the Chain and only in the manner that we authorize,
including compliance with brand identity guidelines and other directives contained in the Manuals.
Your right to use the Marks is limited to use during the Term and in compliance with specifications,
procedures and standards prescribed by us from time to time. You must prominently display the Marks
in the manner that we prescribe on all signs, plastic and paper products, and other supplies and
packaging materials that we designate. You will not: (i) fail to perform any act required under
                                                   11
