or interpret this Agreement, whether or not for injunctive relief.

               (f)     Written Consent.

                       (i)    Whenever this Agreement requires Franchisor’s prior approval or
consent, the Franchise Group shall make a timely written request to Franchisor. In order to be
effective hereunder, all such approvals or consents granted by Franchisor must (a) be in writing
and signed by an authorized officer of Franchisor and (b) expressly reference this Agreement and
the specific Section or subsection of this Agreement pursuant to which such approval or consent
is being issued.

                      (ii)    For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be deemed to
constitute an approval by or consent from Franchisor or any of its Affiliates of any particular
acquisition or development transaction by the Franchise Group and/or its Affiliates, including the
Proposed Transaction. Any such approval or consent by Franchisor shall be effective only when
given in writing and executed by an authorized officer of Franchisor.

                (g)    No Warranties. Each member of the Franchise Group hereby
acknowledges and agrees that neither Franchisor nor any of its Affiliates or any of their respective
Representatives makes any representations or warranties of any kind or nature whatsoever, oral or
written, express or implied, in connection with this Agreement, any of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the Proposed Transaction or any other System Restaurants that may hereafter
be acquired or developed, directly or indirectly or in whole or in part, by any member of the
Franchise Group or any of their respective Affiliates, upon which any member of the Franchise
Group has relied or will rely. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each member of the
Franchise Group acknowledges and agrees that, by providing any waiver, approval or consent
hereunder or in connection with this Agreement, Franchisor and its Affiliates are not making any
representation, warranty or guaranty with respect to the subject matter of such waiver, approval or
consent, and assume no liability or obligation to any member of the Franchise Group or any of its
Affiliates or Representatives in connection therewith.

               (h)     Non-Waiver. No delay, waiver, omission, or forbearance on the part of
Franchisor to exercise any right, option, duty, or power arising out of any breach or default by the
Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof) under any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or
conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver by Franchisor to enforce any such right,
option, duty, or power as against the Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof), or as to
subsequent breach or default by the Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof). Subsequent
acceptance by Franchisor of any payments owed to it shall not be deemed to be a waiver by
Franchisor of any preceding breach by the Franchise Group (or any member(s) thereof) of any
terms, provisions, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement.

               (i)     Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required
or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
upon (a) actual delivery, if delivered by personal delivery, (b) one (1) business day after deposit
with an overnight courier service for next-day delivery, with service prepaid, or (c) actual delivery
if transmitted by email during normal business hours (8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., local time) for the


                                                 14
