support and assistance:

                        (i)    Before the opening of your first Restaurant, we will provide training
for the "Principal Operator" (as defined in Section 8) who has been approved by us. We will also
provide training to other personnel as we may reasonably designate, and such other training for
your employees at the locations and for such periods as we may designate from time to time,
provided that you shall be responsible for all expenses incurred by such persons in connection with
training, including, without limitation, all costs of travel, lodging, meals and wages. For each of
your first two Restaurants, an opening team made up of our designated employees will be used for
training before restaurant openings. A team will be scheduled to arrive up to 3 days before the
opening of each of your first two Restaurants and stay 2 to 3 days afterward. The opening team's
primary role is to partner with your trained Restaurant team members to conduct on-site training
with respect to the duties of each position in the Restaurant, including the areas of staffing, food
preparation and dough management. Before each Restaurant opens, you will be required to
activate an online training account for the Restaurant. You or your team members may be required
to complete some online training activities before the arrival of our opening support team. After
the first two Restaurants, you may request a team to assist but you will be required to pay a separate
fee for this service. Changes in the opening date of a Restaurant requiring the opening team to
change travel arrangements may also result in a separate fee.

                        (ii)   If you are a corporation, limited liability company or other business
entity and your owners or principal management team have already received initial training,
support or opening team assistance as owners or managers of another Papa Johns franchisee, we
will not be obligated to provide the foregoing training, support or assistance to the extent we have
already provided it to your owners and/or principal management team.

               (d)    Before the opening of your Restaurant, it is strongly encouraged that you
conduct grand opening advertising. You can expect to spend a range of $3,000.00 to $10,000.00.
We (or an affiliated entity) may make promotional items available for grand opening programs,
and we may provide guidance and assistance to you to develop and execute such programs.

               (e)      We will deliver the Franchise Agreement to you after you provide the
address and telephone number for an approved location that you have leased or purchased. The
Franchise Agreement for such location must be signed by you and submitted to us along with
payment of the initial franchise fee within 10 days after it is delivered to you.

              (f)    The approval of a location and the delivery of a Franchise Agreement by us
may be conditioned upon a determination by us, in our reasonable judgment, that:

                      (i)      you have the financial and operational capacity to develop and
operate the Restaurant;




                                                  6
