or promotional materials produced by or for us at our sole expense.

               (h)      Ownership of Advertising. We are the sole and exclusive owner of all
materials and rights that result from advertising and marketing programs produced and conducted,
whether by you, us, the Cooperative or the Marketing Fund. Any participation by you in any
advertising, whether by monetary contribution or otherwise, does not vest you with any rights in the
Marks employed in such advertising or in any tangible or intangible materials or rights, including
copyrights, generated by such advertising. You must assign to us any contractual rights or copyright
that you acquire in any advertising and execute such documents or instruments as we may reasonably
require in order to implement the terms of this Section 8.(h).

                (i) Internet Website, Social Media and Other Digital or Electronic Marketing.
Any internet website, social media site or channel (such as, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter
accounts or sites) and other digital or electronic marketing channels or media, whether now existing
or hereafter created (collectively “Electronic Channels”) are deemed "advertising" under this
Agreement and will be subject to, among other things, Sections 8.(f) and 8.(h) above. In connection
with any Electronic Channel:

                     (i)     If required by us, you will not establish a separate Electronic Channel,
but only have one or more Electronic Channel page(s), as designated by us, within our Electronic
Channel;

                      (ii)    If we approve, in writing, a separate Electronic Channel for you, then
each of the following provisions apply:

                                (A)      Before establishing the Electronic Channel, you must submit
to us (to the attention of your designated Papa Johns Marketing team contact, unless otherwise
directed by us), for our prior written approval, a sample of the proposed Electronic Channel domain
name, handle, format, visible content (including proposed screen shots), and non- visible content
(including meta tags) in the form and manner that we may reasonably require; you must not establish
or use the Electronic Channel without our prior written approval; and you must not modify such
Electronic Channel without our prior written approval as to such proposed modification. For the
avoidance of doubt, each new post, modification, or submission on an Electronic Channel
constitutes “advertising” and is subject to, among other things, Sections 8.(f) and 8.(h) above.

                              (B)     You must comply with our standards and specifications for
Electronic Channels as prescribed from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.

                              (C)     If required by us, you must establish such hyperlinks or other
link or connection to our Electronic Channel and others as we may request in writing.

                               (D)    Upon expiration or termination of the Franchise, you must
cease use of any Electronic Channel associated with the Restaurant and assign to us or, at our
election delete, any domain name or other Electronic Channel page, name or site containing any of
the Marks or any words or combinations of words, letters or symbols that are confusingly or
deceptively similar to any of the Marks.
                                                 18
