Telephone Number Assignment.

       10.     Construction, Design and Appearance; Equipment.

                (a)    Construction. You will construct or remodel the Premises at the Location
in accordance with our construction or remodeling plans and design, layout and decor
specifications. You will purchase or lease the pizza preparation, beverage storage or dispensing,
storage and other equipment, displays, fixtures, and furnishings that we designate. You will make
no changes to any building plan, design, layout or decor, or any equipment or signage without our
prior written consent, and you will maintain the interior and exterior decor in such manner as may
be reasonably prescribed from time to time by us.

               (b)      Signs. You will prominently display, at your expense, both on the interior
and exterior of the Premises, advertising signs in the form, color, number, location and size, and
containing the Marks, logos and designs as we designate. Such signs must be obtained from a
source designated or approved by us. You must obtain all permits and licenses required for such
signs and you also are responsible for ensuring that all signs comply with all laws and ordinances.
You will not display in or upon the Premises any sign or advertising of any kind to which we object.

                (c)       Information System. You must: (1) acquire, maintain and use in the
operation of the Restaurant the "Information System" (as defined below) for the Restaurant and the
right to use, for the Term, the "Designated Software" (as defined below) in the manner specified
by us; (2) obtain any and all hardware, peripheral equipment and accessories, arrange for any and
all support services and take all other actions that may be necessary to prepare or enable the
Information System and the Designated Software to operate as specified by us (including
installation of electrical wiring and data cabling, and temperature and humidity controls); and (3)
install and use the Designated Software on the Information System, and use such items solely in
the operation of the Restaurant in the manner specified by us. You are responsible for all costs
associated with the foregoing, including but not limited to transportation, installation, sales, use,
excise and similar taxes, site preparation and disposal of retired hardware. You must operate only
Designated Software on the Information System. The Designated Software, and all additions,
modifications and enhancements thereto, constitute "confidential information," and are subject to
the provisions of Section 17 of this Agreement.

                     (i)     Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms listed below
have the meanings that follow them.

                               (A)     "Designated Software" - The software, programming and
services as we specify or require from time to time for use by you in the Restaurant. The Designated
Software may consist of and/or contain either or both of the following:

                                      (1) Packaged Software. Software purchased and licensed
       from us or a third party and/or third-party subcomponents that we have the authority to
       license or sell to you ("Packaged Software") pursuant to and in accordance with agreements
       that we enter into with such third-party vendors (collectively, the "Packaged Software
       Agreements").

                                               -17
