corporation, LLC or other business entity, the names of all beneficial owners of such owner/entity.

               (b)     Neither you nor any shareholder, member or other holder of any ownership
interest in you is subject to or has entered into any other agreement, promise, representation,
warranty, covenant, court order or other legal or equitable obligation that conflicts with this
Agreement or prohibits or limits your entering into this Agreement or your ability to perform your
obligations under this Agreement.

        16.     Miscellaneous.

                (a)      Severability. You are bound to the maximum extent permitted by law that
is subsumed within the terms of any provision hereof, as though it were separately articulated in
and made a part of this Agreement, that may result from the striking of any provision hereof by a
court or arbitrator, or that a court or arbitrator holds to be unenforceable in a final decision to which
we are a party, or that may result from reducing the scope of any provision to the extent required
to comply with a court order or arbitration award or decision or with any state or federal law,
whether currently in effect or subsequently enacted.

                (b)     Construction. All references herein to the masculine, neuter, or singular
shall be construed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, or plural, as the case may require.
All acknowledgements, warranties, representations, covenants, agreements, and obligations herein
made or undertaken by you shall be deemed jointly and severally undertaken by all those executing
this Agreement as you. During any period in which any of the covenants in Section 7 or Section
9.(e) is being breached or violated, including any period in which either of the parties seeks judicial
or arbitral enforcement, interpretation or modification of any such covenant, and all appeals
thereof, the restricted period set forth therein shall toll and be suspended.

               (c)    Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the documents incorporated herein by
reference and the Exhibits attached hereto, constitute the entire agreement between the parties, and
all prior understandings or agreements concerning the subject matter hereof are canceled and
superseded by this Agreement, provided, nothing herein is intended to derogate from
representations made in the Disclosure Document. The Exhibit to this Agreement is incorporated
herein by reference and made a part hereof as if set out in full herein.

                 (d)    Affiliate. As used in this Agreement, the term "Affiliate" means any person
or entity that is owned or controlled by, or that owns or controls, or is under common control with,
a specified person or entity, either directly or through one or more intermediaries.

               (e)    Amendments. Except for those permitted to be made unilaterally by us, no
supplement, amendment or variation of the terms of this Agreement will be valid unless made in
writing and signed by the parties hereto.

                (f)    Waivers. No failure by us to exercise any right given to us hereunder, or to
insist upon strict compliance by you with any obligation, agreement or undertaking hereunder, and
no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof will constitute a waiver of

                                                   20
