we subsequently adopt. You will give notice to us of any knowledge that you acquire concerning
any actual or threatened infringement of the Copyrighted Works or the Marks, or the use by others
of names, marks or logos that are the same as or similar to the Marks. You will cooperate with us
in any suit, claim or proceeding involving the Marks or the Copyrighted Works or their use to
protect our rights and interests in the Marks or the Copyrighted Works. We, in our sole discretion,
control all decisions concerning the Marks or the Copyrighted Works.

               (c)     Use of Marks. You have the right to use the Marks only in connection with
the promotion and operation of the Restaurant or the Chain, and only in the manner that we
authorize. Your right to use the Marks is limited to use during the Term of this Agreement and in
compliance with specifications, procedures and standards prescribed by us from time to time. You
will prominently display the Marks in the manner that we prescribe on all signs, plastic and paper
products, and other supplies and packaging materials that we designate. You will not fail to perform
any act required under this Agreement, or commit any act, that would impair the value of the Marks
or the goodwill associated with the Marks. You will not at any time engage in any business or
market any product or service under any name or mark that is confusingly or deceptively similar
to any of our Marks. You will not use any of the Marks as part of your corporate or trade name, or
as part of any e-mail address, web-site address, domain name, or other identification of your
business in any electronic medium without our express written consent. You will not use any
trademark, trade name, service mark, logo, slogan or emblem that we have not authorized for use
in connection with the Restaurant, including any co-branding or cross-promotional efforts
containing the name, trademark, service mark, logo or emblem of any third party without our
approval or use the Marks or Copyrighted Works in any advertisements that infringe the intellectual
property rights of a third-party. You will obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as
required by applicable state law and forward to us copies of the same upon request.

               (d)        Designation as You. You will identify yourself as the owner of the
Franchise in conjunction with the use of the Marks, including on checks, invoices, receipts,
letterhead and contracts, as well as at conspicuous locations on the Premises in a form that specifies
your name, followed by the phrase "an independently owned and operated franchise" or such other
phrase as we direct.

               (e)     Discontinuance of Use; Additional Marks and/or Copyrights. You must
modify or discontinue use of any Mark or Copyrighted Work if a court of competent jurisdiction
or other governing body orders it and do so within the timeframe required by such court or
governing body, or if we in our sole discretion deem it necessary or advisable. You will comply
with our directions regarding any such Mark or Copyrighted Work within 30 days after receipt of
notice from us. You will also use such additional or substitute Marks or Copyrighted Works as we
direct. We will not be obligated to compensate you for any costs or expenses incurred by you to
modify or discontinue using any Mark or Copyrighted Work or to adopt additional or substitute
Copyrighted Works or Marks.

       8.      Advertising.

              (a)    Contributions and Expenditures. Recognizing the value of advertising
and the importance of the standardization of advertising to the furtherance of the goodwill and

                                                -11
