Equipment Lease.

                (j)     It is your responsibility to ensure that each Restaurant is constructed or
remodeled, equipped and operated in compliance with all laws, ordinances and governmental rules
and regulations and the Franchise Agreement, and you must obtain all necessary permits and
licenses relating thereto.

                (k)      At least 10 days before the opening of the Restaurant (and thereafter as
requested by us), you must execute and deliver to us, our bank(s) and your bank, as necessary, all
forms and documents that we may request to permit us to debit your bank account, either by check,
via electronic funds transfer or other means utilizing our computerized information system or by
such alternative methods as we may designate ("Payment Methods"). You must comply with all
procedures specified by us from time to time, and take such reasonable actions as we may request
to assist in any of the Payment Methods. We may use the Payment Methods to collect the amount
of each period's royalty and any other amounts due to us, our Affiliates, the Papa John's Marketing
Fund, Inc. or Papa Card, Inc. under the Franchise Agreement or otherwise.

       4.      Term.

         Unless sooner terminated as provided in this Agreement, this Agreement expires on the
earlier to occur of: (a) the date on which all the Restaurants have been developed; or (b) 12:00
midnight on the last date set forth on the Development Schedule (the "Term"). Upon the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, all unexercised development rights automatically
expire.

       5.      Construction or Remodeling.

         You must, at your own expense (except as otherwise provided herein), construct or remodel
each Restaurant at its location in accordance with the then- current specifications and standards
established for the System and the terms of the Franchise Agreement. You must use qualified and
duly licensed architects and contractors in the performance of construction or remodel, repair or
maintenance of a Papa Johns branded Restaurant. We reserve the right to review and approve the
use of such architects and contractors prior to and during construction or remodeling of a
Restaurant. If we provide written notice that a particular architect, contractor, or any other
construction vendor is not acceptable, you must find a suitable replacement within a reasonable
time frame, as determined by Papa Johns. You must allow us and our agents and employees access
to all areas of the premises of each Restaurant at such times as we or they may reasonably request
and you shall cooperate fully with us and our agents and employees in preparing the construction
or remodeling plans and design, layout and décor specifications applicable to the location of each
Restaurant to be developed hereunder. You may not begin construction or remodeling on any
Restaurant until: (a) you have paid the full amount of the Development Fee; and (b) we have
approved the plans for such Restaurant.

       6.      Your Organization, Operation and Ownership.



                                                9
