and us or any provision of any such agreement; or

                      (iv)    any standard, specification or operating procedure relating to the
establishment or operation of the Covered Restaurants;

       Must be submitted on demand of either party to the American Arbitration Association
(“AAA") for a binding arbitration proceeding to be conducted in Louisville, Kentucky and heard
by one arbitrator in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of AAA. All
matters relating to arbitration (including arbitrability of any claim, dispute or controversy) will be
governed by the federal arbitration act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.) and not by any state arbitration law.

        The arbitrator will have the jurisdiction, power and authority to award or include in the
award any relief that the arbitration deems proper in the circumstances, including money damages
(with interest on unpaid amounts from the date due or date damages arise or are incurred), specific
performance, injunctive relief and attorneys' fees and costs, provided that the arbitrator will not
have the power to declare any mark generic or otherwise invalid or, except as otherwise provided
in this agreement, to award exemplary or punitive damages. The award and decision of the
arbitrator will be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto, and judgment upon the award
may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

       We and you are bound by the provisions of any limitation on the period of time in which
claims must be brought under applicable law or this agreement, whichever expires earlier. In
connection with any such arbitration proceeding, each party must submit or file any claim that
would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by rule 13 of the federal rules of civil
procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim that is not
submitted or filed as described above will be forever barred.

        Except for inclusion of related parties as expressly provided in this Section 4.(d) arbitration
must be conducted on an individual basis, not a class-wide or other collective basis, and any
arbitration proceeding between us (including our affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, agents
or employees) and you (including your owners, guarantors, affiliates or employees, if applicable)
may not be consolidated with or brought as part of any other arbitration proceeding between us
and any other person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or association.

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.(d), we and you each
have the right in a proper case to bring an action to obtain a temporary restraining order or
temporary or preliminary injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction (subject to the
provisions of Section 4.(c)), provided, that we and you must contemporaneously (within 10
business days of commencement of court action) submit our dispute for arbitration on the merits
as provided herein, except as otherwise provided in the first paragraph of this Section 4.(d).

       The provisions of this section are intended to benefit and bind certain third-party non-
signatories and continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration
or termination of this agreement.

                (e)      Attorneys’ Fees. The prevailing Party in any dispute between or among the
Parties shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing Party or Parties its reasonable attorneys’

                                                  13
