qualified third-party product or supplier.

                (d)   Commercial Terms. We have no responsibility for the commercial terms of
transactions between you and your distributors and suppliers, including payment and credit terms.
The terms and conditions of your purchase of goods from suppliers (including our Affiliates) will be
upon the terms and conditions established by such suppliers from time to time, or through your
independent arrangements with such distributors or suppliers. Except for the payment provisions of
Section 3.(e), this Agreement does not establish the commercial terms of any purchase and sale
transaction between you and any supplier (including our Affiliates). To protect the business
reputation, image and goodwill of the System and the Chain, you must promptly and within the due
time allowed, make payment to all suppliers of goods and services sold or provided to you in
connection with the construction, equipping and operation of the Restaurant, including us, our
Affiliates, and our designated suppliers, excepting only non-payment resulting from a bona fide
dispute with a vendor. We will disclose to the FAC the terms of purchases from designated or
approved suppliers, including all revenues, rebates, and discounts that the supplier provides to or
for the account of Papa Johns franchisees or their affiliates. Your failure to timely pay for purchases
from our designated or approved suppliers (including our Affiliates) may restrict your ability to
obtain further service or products from such suppliers. Our designated and approved suppliers
(including our Affiliates) may enforce their respective credit terms and invoke their contractual
remedies, including suspension or termination of service to the Restaurant, regardless of whether
we have determined that you are in breach or default under this Agreement.

                 (e)    Menu Items. You must: (i) offer for retail sale, and carry on your menu,
 only those types, sizes, styles and brands of pizza, pizza dough, pizza sauce, toppings, beverages,
 and other products as we specify from time to time; (ii) offer all menu items and services that we
 specify or designate from time to time as mandatory for the System, including (A) items that are
 temporary promotion items, and (B) non-food items and services that are integral to Chainwide or
 national promotional programs; (iii) make all menu items specified by us available for carry-out and
 delivery service from the Restaurant; and (iv) offer only approved services at or from the Restaurant
 or under or in connection with the Marks. You will not sell or carry on your menu any food items
 or other products, or provide any services, that we have not specified or approved.

                (f)      Pricing. You have the sole responsibility for establishing your prices,
 provided however: (i) we may set mandatory maximum price points for national promotions to the
 extent permitted by law; (ii) you will not make or collect any delivery charge or other separate
 charge for delivered products, regardless of how named or characterized, without our reasonable
 approval; and (iii) you will not enter into any agreement, arrangement or concerted practice with
 any other person whatsoever, in violation of any applicable law.




                                                  33
