members of each Cooperative will have the authority to establish the contribution rate for its members,
and during any Mandatory Period the contribution rate must be a minimum of 2% of Net Sales and
maximum of 5% of Net Sales. Local Cooperatives must at all times comply with the provisions of the
Franchise Agreement.


        During any Mandatory Period, approval by the Franchisor is necessary to reduce the monthly
contribution below 2% of Net Sales. However, you are not required to contribute more than 7% of Net
Sales to the Marketing Fund and Cooperative combined during any Mandatory Period, and if your
Cooperative sets a contribution rate that would cause your combined Marketing Fund and Cooperative
contributions to exceed 7% of Net Sales, you may reduce your Cooperative contribution so as to reduce
your combined Marketing Fund and Cooperative contributions to 7%. You may not reduce your
Marketing Fund contributions without our approval. Any increase in the Cooperative contribution rate
during any Mandatory Period will be submitted to a vote of the members of the Cooperative and will take
effect only if approved by (i) a majority of votes cast if the proposed increased monthly contribution rate
is not more than 5% of Net Sales, or (ii) two-thirds of the votes of a Cooperative’s members if the proposed
increased monthly contribution rate is above 5% of Net Sales. During any Mandatory Period, we may
authorize a Cooperative to set the contribution rate at less than 2% but we reserve the right to subsequently
withdraw our approval of a reduced rate and require that the minimum contribution rate of 2% of Net
Sales be re-established. During any Mandatory Period, Non-Traditional Restaurants are required to
contribute to the Cooperative pursuant to the terms of their respective Franchise Agreements.


        On matters submitted to a vote of the members, you will be entitled to one vote for each standard
Restaurant that you own or control which is located in the applicable DMA. Non-Traditional Restaurants
and Small-Town Restaurants are not voting members of their Cooperative. We will also have one vote
for each Restaurant that we own or control which is located in the applicable DMA. We may also
authorize any Cooperative to determine contributions on a different basis (fixed amount, geographic
location, etc.). Our decision on any issue concerning Cooperative contributions is final.


         The form and structure of a Cooperative must be as permitted by applicable state law and in
conformity with the Franchise Agreement. A suggested form of By-Laws for an unincorporated
Cooperative is attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit J. Any significant deviation from this
form must be approved by us. Each Cooperative must commence operation on a date that we designate
in advance. Before signing the Franchise Agreement, organizational documents of your Cooperative are
available for your review. Each Cooperative will be organized for the purposes of producing and
conducting general advertising, marketing, and promotional programs and activities for use in and around
the applicable DMA and developing standardized promotional materials for use by the members. We
will make contributions to each Cooperative of which we or our affiliates are members on the same basis
as required of comparable franchisees within the System during any Mandatory Period. No advertising
programs or materials may be used by a Cooperative or furnished to its members, and no advertising or
promotional activities may be conducted by a Cooperative, without our prior written approval. Any
advertising agency or media placement agency employed by a Cooperative must be approved by us. If
you are a member of a Cooperative, you must make your contributions to your Cooperative on the date
and in the manner designated by the Cooperative.


        You must also submit such statements, data, and reports as may be designated by us and your
Cooperative, including but not limited to reports on your utilization of marketing funds. The Cooperative
will submit to us such statements and reports as we may designate. Each Cooperative is required to
prepare annual financial statements. Cooperative contributions are not required by us to be spent in the
year received. We do have the right to audit a Cooperative or any agency approved to conduct marketing

                                                   - 40 -
