force and effect until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire, including, without
limitation, the non-compete provisions.

                (b)    Conflicts. The agreements, covenants, conditions and restrictions
(including any approval or consent requirements) set forth herein supersede any agreements,
covenants, conditions and restrictions addressing or related to the same subject matter contained
in any of the Covered Franchise Agreements, the Development Agreement, or any other related
ancillary agreements. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a conflict between the terms of
this Agreement and any of the Covered Franchise Agreements, the Development Agreement, or
any other related ancillary agreements, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

                 (c)     Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement and all transactions
contemplated hereby, and all claims and defenses arising out of or relating to any such transaction
or this Agreement or the formation, breach, termination or validity of any part of this Agreement,
shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky without giving effect to any conflicts of Law principles of such state
that would apply the Laws of another jurisdiction. All judicial actions brought by Franchisor
against the Franchise Group or by the Franchise Group against Franchisor or its subsidiaries,
affiliates, shareholders; officers, directors, agents or employees must be brought exclusively in a
court of competent jurisdiction in Jefferson County, Kentucky or U.S. District court for the
Western District of Kentucky, and the Franchise Group (and each owner) irrevocably submit to
the jurisdiction of such courts and waive any objection you, he or she may have to either the
jurisdiction of or venue in such courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor may bring an
action to obtain a restraining order or temporary or preliminary injunction, or enforce an arbitration
award, in any federal or state court of general jurisdiction in the state in which the Franchise Group
or any member of the Franchise Group resides or in which the Covered Restaurant is located.
Nothing in this Section 4.(c) shall preclude us from removing an action from state to federal court
where appropriate to do so.

                (d)     Disputes. Except for controversies, disputes or claims related to or based
on: (1) any action to stop or prevent any threat or danger to public health or safety resulting from
the construction, maintenance, or operation of a Covered Restaurant; (2) any debt collection action
(other than our enforcement of your obligation to contribute to a cooperative); or (3) at the
claimant's option, any alleged violation of any non-competition or confidentiality provision hereof,
or use of the marks after the expiration or termination of this Agreement; all controversies, disputes
or claims between us (including our affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, agents or
employees) and the Franchise Group (including your owners, guarantors, affiliates and employees,
if applicable) arising out of or related to:

                      (i)   this agreement or any other agreement between you and us or any
provision of any such agreement;

                        (ii)    our relationship with you, including issues relating to our decision
to terminate that relationship;




                                                 12
