it for your exclusive benefit, including if in the Territory. Your online trade area may be significantly
different than the Territory and may change from time to time. In determining to which Papa Johns
Restaurant an online order will be routed, we will consider such matters as we reasonably deem material,
including, without limitation: existing trade or delivery areas of Papa Johns Restaurants in geographic
proximity to the address or customer placing the order; demographic characteristics of the location
of such proximate Papa Johns Restaurants; traffic patterns and similar factors affecting delivery
efficiency; the opening or closing of other Papa Johns Restaurants; and other commercial characteristics
of geographically proximate Papa Johns Restaurants. Owing to these considerations, routing of online
orders may change from time to time and such changes may remove particular addresses or groups of
addresses, particular customers, groups of customers or geographic area(s) from routing to your
Restaurant and online orders from such addresses, groups of addresses, customers, groups of customers
or geographic area(s) may be re-routed to other Papa Johns Restaurants that are now, or that may in the
future be, located near or adjacent to your Restaurant. Such other Papa Johns Restaurants may be owned
by us, our affiliated companies or other franchisees. If you relocate the Restaurant, the routing of online
orders to your Restaurant may be reduced, changed, altered or restricted, even though we have approved
the new location for the Restaurant.

        Your Territory will not be altered even if there is a population increase. It will not be affected
by your sales volume. Except as the Development Agreement grants you the right to develop a specific
number of Restaurants, you are not granted any other option, right of first refusal or similar right to
acquire additional Restaurants in your Development Area or Territory under either the Development
Agreement or Franchise Agreement. We will review, consider, and approve proposed sites for Papa Johns
Restaurants under a Development Agreement applying our then-current criteria for evaluating new sites
for new Restaurants.

         Although we do not currently do so, under the Franchise Agreement and Development
Agreement we reserve the right, either directly or through affiliated entities, to operate or franchise or
license others to operate or franchise, Restaurants or other food related establishments or businesses other
than Papa Johns Pizza Restaurants and you agree that we and our affiliates may do so within the Territory;
provided, that such Restaurants or food establishments or businesses will not sell pizza on a delivery
basis, or primarily on a carry-out basis. We also reserve the right to develop, market and conduct any
other business under the Marks or any other trademark within and outside the Territory. We also reserve
the right, directly or through third parties, to manufacture or sell, or both, within and outside the Territory,
pizza and other products that are the same as or similar to those sold in Papa Johns Restaurants using
brand names that are the same as, or similar to, the Marks through any channel of distribution; provided
that such items are not sold through Restaurants or on a ready-to-eat basis. We will not pay you any
compensation for our business activities inside or outside the Territory or Development Area, including
us soliciting or accepting business from inside the Territory or Development Area.


                                    ITEM 13:          TRADEMARKS

        You are not granted any right to use the Marks under the Development Agreement. Those rights
are granted under the Franchise Agreement.

        Under the Franchise Agreement, we grant you the non-exclusive right to use the Marks in
connection with the operation of your Restaurant. Your right to use the Marks is limited to use during
the term of the Franchise Agreement and in compliance with all specifications, procedures and standards
that we prescribe. All registrations and applications were assigned to our parent, PJI, when it merged
with PJ Indiana. PJI owns all right, title and interest in and to the following Marks, which are the primary
trademarks, service marks, names, logos and symbols used by to identify the franchised business.


                                                     - 52 -
