promotion, marketing and advertising directly promoting the Papa Johns brand, brand initiatives
or the Restaurant. Costs and expenditures that shall not be considered promotion, marketing and
advertising shall include but not be limited to aggregator commissions and in-Restaurant materials
consisting of fixtures and equipment.

                (b)    Marketing Fund. Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc., a Kentucky nonstock,
nonprofit corporation (the "Marketing Fund"), has been organized for the purposes set forth in the
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Marketing Fund, as they may be amended from time
to time. You will automatically become a non-voting member of the Marketing Fund upon the
execution of this Agreement.

                       (i)     You acknowledge that the Marketing Fund is intended to increase
recognition of the Marks and to further the public image and acceptance of the System and that
we, the Marketing Fund and the directors of the Marketing Fund do not undertake any obligation
to ensure that expenditures by the Marketing Fund in or affecting any geographic area are
proportionate or equivalent to contributions to the Marketing Fund by Papa Johns restaurants
operating in such geographic area or that you or the Restaurant will benefit directly or in proportion
to your contribution to the Marketing Fund. We (including our officers, directors, agents and
employees) are not a fiduciary or trustee of the contributions to, or the assets of, the Marketing
Fund. We, the Marketing Fund and our respective officers, directors, agents and employees will
not be liable to you with respect to the maintenance, direction or administration of the Marketing
Fund, including with respect to contributions, expenditures, investments and borrowings, except
for acts constituting willful misconduct.

                       (ii)  We and our Affiliates will make contributions to the Marketing
Fund for each Papa Johns restaurant that we own on the same basis as required of comparable
franchisees within the System.

                     (iii)  You will make your monthly contribution to the Marketing Fund on
the date and in the manner provided for the Royalty in Section 3.(a)(ii). Contributions to the
Marketing Fund may be used to defray our expenses only to the extent of the administrative costs
and overhead that we may reasonably incur in rendering services to the Marketing Fund.

                      (iv)     The funds collected by the Marketing Fund, and any earnings
thereon, are not and will not be our asset or the asset of any franchisee.

                        (v)    Although the Marketing Fund is intended to be of perpetual
duration, the Board has the right to terminate the Marketing Fund. However, the Marketing Fund
may not be terminated until all monies held by it have been expended for the purposes set forth in
its Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws or distributed as permitted by law.


                                                 15
