
In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the parties
to the attached Papa John’s Franchising, LLC Area Development Agreement (the "Agreement") agree as
follows:

1.      The Agreement is amended to include the following:

        Based on our financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has required a financial
        assurance. Therefore, all development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be
        deferred until the first franchise under the development agreement opens.
        A franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
        Registration and Disclosure Law.
        Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought
        within three (3) years after the grant of the franchise.
        The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale/or assignment/transfer shall not apply
        to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
        All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel or waiver of
        liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred
        under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
        The Franchisee Compliance Certification is not intended to, and shall not act, as a release, estoppel
        or waiver of any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
        of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
        connection with the franchise.

Each provision of this amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, that
the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law are met
independently without reference to this amendment.




                         Maryland Amendment to the Development Agreement
                                         (Page 1 of 1)
