fixtures, furnishings and signs; structural modifications; painting and redecorating; and purchasing
more efficient or improved equipment. We may order and ship replacement equipment at your cost
for any end of useful life equipment that is not replaced as required herein, for which a notice of
default under Section 19 has been sent and left uncured, and for which we reasonably believe could
harm the System. We may require you to perform maintenance and remodeling and to purchase
equipment at such times as we deem necessary and reasonable; provided, that we may not require
any significant remodeling of the Restaurant during the first two years of the Term (this restriction
is not applicable to any Renewal Term even if a new Franchise Agreement is executed in
connection with the renewal of the Franchise). You acknowledge that we cannot estimate the costs
of future maintenance, enhancements, modifications, and replacements to the Restaurant,
equipment, signage, the Information System or other items. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
EQUIPMENT, ADDITIONS, ENHANCEMENTS, ALTERATIONS, MAINTENANCE AND
RENOVATIONS REQUIRED BY US MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL ADDITIONAL
INVESTMENT BY YOU DURING THE TERM.

       11.     Operations; Standards of Quality; Inspections.

              (a)       Principal Operator. You must designate an individual to serve as the
"Principal Operator" of the Restaurant, provided, if you are developing and operating multiple
Restaurants pursuant to a Development Agreement, you need designate only one Principal
Operator for your operation, not one for each Restaurant. The Principal Operator must meet the
following qualifications:

                        (i)    The Principal Operator must own at least a 5% equity interest in you;
provided that you will not be in default of this requirement if the Principal Operator is entitled to a
bonus of not less than 5% of the net profits of the Restaurant, payable after the end of each Period,
and also has the right to acquire not less than a 5% equity interest in you within 12 months of his
or her hire date, which rights are evidenced by a written agreement between the Principal Operator
and you. You must provide us with a copy of any such agreement upon request. Once the Principal
Operator has acquired an equity interest in you, he or she must continue to own that interest (or a
greater interest) during the entire period he or she serves as the Principal Operator.

                      (ii)    The Principal Operator must devote full time and best efforts to the
supervision and conduct of the development and operation of the Restaurant and, as required in
this Agreement, must agree to be bound by the confidentiality and non-competition provisions of
the Owner Agreement. At such time as the Principal Operator becomes an owner of an interest in
you, he or she must agree to be bound by all the provisions of the Owner Agreement.

                        (iii)    The Principal Operator must be a person approved by us who
completes our initial training requirements and who must participate in and successfully complete
all additional training as we may reasonably designate.

                    (iv)   The Principal Operator must be proficient in writing and speaking
English, to ensure compliance with our operational standards and to ensure efficient
communications with customers and us.


                                                -22
