Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable.

               5.6. Cheese-Purchasing Program Re-entry . If the Buyer term nates this Agreement
with respect to one or more Restaurants and later requests re-entry into the Cheese-Purchasing
Program with respect to one or more of such Restaurants, Buyer will be obligated to execute and
deliver a new Cheese Purchase Agreement in substantially the form of this Agreement, along with an
agreement addendum setting forth the following provisions: (i) Buyer will not benefit from any
Accumulated Cheese Purchase Receivable existing at the time of Buyer’s re-entry into the Cheese-
Purchasing Program; and (ii) Buyer will be accountable for the pro-rata portion of any Accumulated
Cheese Purchase Liability existing at the time of Buyer’s re-entry into the Cheese-Purchasing
Program.

        6. Force Majeure. PJFS shall not be liable to Buyer for failure to supply the Product, and
Buyer will not be liable to PJFS for failure to purchase the Product, under this Agreement if such
failure arises because of: (a) fires, floods, the elements, Acts of God; (b) wars (declared or undeclared),
rebellions or revolutions in any country, or acts of terrorism; (c) strikes, lock-outs or other labor
difficulties; (d) acts, rulings, regulations, decisions or requirements of any tribunal or government
agency, board or official; (e) Product shortages or recalls; or (f) any other cause, whether similar or
dissimilar to those enumerated herein, beyond the reasonable control of PJFS or Buyer, as the case
may be.

        7. Relationship of the Parties . The relationship between PJFS and Buyer hereunder is that of
vendor and purchaser only. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to constitute either party an agent,
legal representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant of the other for any
purpose whatsoever and neither party shall have authority to act for or on behalf of the other in any
matter.

         8. PJI Purchases . PJI and its affiliates will participate in the Cheese-Purchasing Program on
the same basis as Buyer with respect to all domestic Papa Johns Pizza restaurants operated by PJI and
its affiliates.

       9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

              9.1. Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement contains the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous written or oral negotiations and agreements between them regarding its subject
matter. This Agreement may be amended only in writing, signed by Buyer and PJFS.

                9.2. Assignability. Buyer m ay not assign, by operation of law, merger or otherwise,
license, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any
other person or entity without obtaining the prior written consent of PJFS. Buyer agrees that it will not
sell or otherwise transfer assets except as provided in the Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant. In
the event of any proposed sale of the assets of one or more Restaurants, or the proposed sale or transfer
of a majority of the ownership of Buyer, Buyer will notify PJFS of the proposed transaction and the
identity of the purchaser or successor at least fifteen (15) days before the proposed closing date. If the
proposed purchaser or successor is or will be a customer of PJFS, Buyer will either (a) make the
assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser a condition precedent to consummating the transaction,
                                                     6
