must promptly designate another Principal Operator subject to the same qualifications listed above.
Any sale or transfer of any portion of the Principal Operator's interest in you, if any, that would
reduce the Principal Operator's equity interest or voting rights in you to less than 5% of the total is
deemed a transfer of an interest and is subject to the terms and conditions of Section 14 hereof; and
any failure to comply with such terms and conditions is a default by you under this Agreement.
However, if the Principal Operator owns 5% or less of you, then a transfer of the Principal
Operator's interest to you, another shareholder, member or partner of you or to a successor Principal
Operator does not require our consent, is not be subject to our right of first refusal and no transfer
fee will be required. You must promptly notify us in writing of any such transfer and provide all
information about the transferee and the terms of the transfer as we may reasonable request. If it
is determined that you have designated an unapproved Principal Operator, you will be considered
in default of this Agreement and we may terminate this Agreement subject to any cure periods
outlined herein. Such unapproved Principal Operator must be removed immediately regardless of
any cure periods.

                (b)     Management of the Restaurant. The Principal Operator must personally
devote his/her full time and best efforts to the management and operation of the Restaurant in order
to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to maintain our high standards. Management
responsibility includes: presence of the Principal Operator or a designated manager at the
Restaurant during all business hours; maintaining the highest standards of product quality and
consistency; maintaining the Restaurant in the highest condition of sanitation, cleanliness and
appearance; and supervising employees to ensure that the highest standard of service is maintained
and to ensure that your employees deal with customers, suppliers, us, and all other persons in a
courteous and polite manner.

                (c)     Compliance with Our Standards. You have full responsibility for the
conduct and terms of employment for your employees and the day-to-day operation of your
business, including hiring, termination, pay practices and any other employment practices.
However, in order to ensure compliance with the quality standards and other requirements of the
System, you must operate and maintain the Restaurant through strict adherence to the standards,
specifications and policies of the System as they now exist, and as they may from time to time be
modified. Such standards and policies include: (i) specifications and preparation methods for food
and beverages; (ii) days and hours of operation; (iii) menu items and services offered; (iv)
requirements and specifications for uniforms and/or attire of Restaurant personnel; (v) use of
specified emblems and Marks on containers, bags, boxes, napkins; (vi) methods of payment
accepted from customers; (vii) data privacy and security (viii) cleanliness, sanitation and public
health precautions and procedures; and (viii) handling of customer complaints; (ix) required
furnishings and equipment; (x) specifications and approval or disapproval of certain furnishings or
equipment; (xi) use of certain sales channels, and (xii) all required provisions of the Manuals. You
acknowledge that our specifications and standards with respect to public health or safety, or the
health or safety of employees and data privacy and security may be stricter or more rigorous than
the requirements of applicable laws and that you must in all cases adhere to our standards and
specifications.

               (d)     Training. You will, at your own expense, conduct at the Restaurant such
training and instruction, using such materials, equipment and supplies, as we may reasonably
require from time to time. Should any employee or prospective employee of yours perform work
                                                -23
