suitable for non-traditional Papa Johns operations (collectively "Non-Traditional Locations"), are
excluded from protection within the Territory, except as set forth in this Section 5.(b). Such Non-
Traditional Locations include, but are not limited to, enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals,
colleges, universities or other schools), airports, parks (including theme parks), military bases,
sports arenas or stadiums, train stations, travel plazas, and entertainment venues, as well as any
other location that you are unable to operate the Restaurant, including locations and venues: that
are subject to exclusive food vending rights of third parties; or at which you are precluded from
obtaining operating or vending rights due to certain conditions or requirements that you do not
meet (including, by way of example, due to financial or net worth requirements of the landlord or
site operator; or due to laws, rules or regulations applicable to the location, including regulatory
or licensing schemes applicable to casino or gaming operations or Indian tribal laws ). We may
open non-traditional Papa Johns restaurants, or franchise or license the right to open non-
traditional Papa Johns restaurants to other persons at any Non-Traditional Location, including
Non-Traditional Locations in the Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no delivery services
will be permitted from non-traditional restaurants located within the Territory (including from your
Restaurant and including from Non-Traditional Locations), except as otherwise agreed by you and
us.

                (c)      Development Area Limitation. Notwithstanding identification of the
Territory above, if this Agreement is signed pursuant to a Development Agreement between you and
us, in no event will the Territory extend outside the boundaries of the "Development Area" as
defined in the Development Agreement and neither termination nor expiration of the Development
Agreement will alter this limitation.

                (d)     No Exclusive Trade Area for Sales or Delivery. We do not warrant or
represent that no other Papa Johns restaurant will solicit or make any sales within the Territory, and
you expressly acknowledge that such solicitations or sales may occur within the Territory. We have
no duty to protect you from any such sales, solicitations, or attempted sales. You recognize and
acknowledge that: (i) you will compete with other Papa Johns restaurants that are now, or that may
in the future be, located near or adjacent to your Territory; and (ii) that such Papa Johns restaurants
may be owned by us, our Affiliates or third parties. If you relocate the Restaurant, the Territory in
our sole discretion may be reduced, changed, altered or restricted. We make no assurance that the
Territory specified herein will be applicable to the new location, even if we have approved the new
location.

                (e)     Alternative Ordering Systems Area. We will of necessity define the trade
area for the Restaurant for Alternative Ordering Systems (“Alternative Order Area”) and such trade
area may be significantly different than the Territory and may change from time to time. You must
use reasonable efforts not to solicit sales within the defined Alternative Ordering trade area of
another Papa Johns restaurant. However, you acknowledge that such solicitations and sales may
occur in your trade area, including advertising spillover, directories, electronic media, direct mail
drops by sector or ZIP code and other advertising and that we have no duty to monitor, control or
                                                  10
