     items from our affiliate, PJ Food Service. PJ Food Service's pricing includes unattended delivery
     services, which is dependent on a regularized delivery schedule and routine accessibility of the
     Restaurant. In certain locations, PJ Food Service is unable to achieve the economic efficiencies
     that are afforded by regularized delivery to traditional Papa Johns locations. For example, the
     loading area may not be accessible by the large tractor & trailer trucks that PJ Food Service uses
     to service traditional Restaurants. Also, the irregular schedule of events or sales volumes at a
     location may require special deliveries at irregular times or more or less often than the regular
     twice weekly deliveries provided to traditional Restaurants. In those cases, PJ Food Service may
     use a different, higher pricing schedule than the pricing schedule for traditional Restaurants, due
     to the higher costs of servicing the location. However, if that is the case for Non-Traditional
     Restaurants, we may adjust the royalty in order to help offset the higher food prices charged.

     Franchisees that open a Restaurant in the United States or Canada for at least 30 days prior to the
     scheduled development date set forth in the Development Agreement for such Restaurant
     (“Required Schedule Date”) are eligible for a reduced 0% Royalty for the period between the
     date the franchisee actually opens the Restaurant (“Actual Open Date”) and the Required
     Schedule Date (the “Acceleration Incentive”). Restaurants that open less than 30 days ahead of
     Required Schedule Date do not qualify. The Acceleration Incentive will be for no more than 12
     months for each eligible Restaurant even if the period between the Actual Open Date and
     Required Schedule Date exceeds 12 months. On the first day following the Required Schedule
     Date, the Royalty will revert to the contracted rate. The Acceleration Incentive described in this
     paragraph only applies to Required Schedule Dates set within calendar year 2025 or later. The
     Acceleration Incentive will not apply to any Required Schedule Dates set for a date occurring
     prior to 2025 that were subsequently amended after July 1, 2024 to a scheduled development
     occurring in calendar year 2025 or later. To qualify and continue to qualify for the Acceleration
     Incentive the franchisee must: be and remain in good standing with us and PJI, including paying
     all fees when due; fully comply with all obligations under the Development Agreement,
     Franchise Agreement, and all other executed agreements with us or our affiliates; and remain in
     operational compliance with all standards of the Papa Johns brand. The Acceleration Incentive is
     available to all Restaurant types that open between January 1, 2025 and December 28, 2025, and
     can be combined with the NMF Development Incentive and equipment incentives (see item 10).

3/   Net Sales means the gross revenues of the Restaurant from sales of approved products and
     provision of approved services (including revenues from special or promotional sales efforts such
     as Groupon, Living Social or other discounted sales programs), delivery services or any other
     revenue-generating activity carried on at, from or in connection with the operation of the
     Restaurant (whether the sales are evidenced by cash, check, credit, charge account, gift card or
     otherwise), less: sales tax, use tax or similar tax collected from customers and paid in full to the
     state or other local taxing authority, any documented refunds actually paid to customers (if
     originally included in calculating Net Sales), and proceeds from sales of used furniture and
     fixtures and similar sales not in the ordinary course of business.

4/   Period is defined as a month or multi-week time frame constituting a single accounting period.
     We currently specify a 4-4-5 accounting system under which the first two Periods in a fiscal
     quarter are 4 weeks each, and the third Period is 5 weeks. The cycle is repeated 4 times each
     year.

5/   Before opening, you must sign and deliver to us and your bank all required documents, including
     the authorization form attached as Exhibit F that permit us to debit your bank account (by check,
     electronic funds transfer or via the Information System or other means) for each Period's Royalty,
     Digital Fee, Marketing Fund contributions due to Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc., Papa Card
     transaction activity and for any other amounts owed to us or our affiliates. We will debit your

                                               - 14 -
