such individuals dies or becomes permanently incapacitated, and if the law of the jurisdiction where
the Restaurant is located so provides, nothing contained in this Section is intended to deny your
spouse, heir(s) or personal representative the opportunity to participate in the ownership of the
Franchise for a reasonable time after your death or incapacity, provided that: (i) this Agreement is
valid and in effect; (ii) the spouse, heirs or representative meets all conditions and qualifications
otherwise required of transferees; and (iii) such spouse, heirs or representative maintains and
complies with all standards and obligations contained in this Agreement. An assignment under this
Section 15 must be completed within a reasonable time, not to exceed nine months from the date of
death, permanent incapacity or dissolution and, except as otherwise provided above, will be subject
to the terms and conditions applicable to lifetime transfers contained in Section 14, including our
right of first refusal.

                 (b)      Management by Us. Pending assignment pursuant to this Section 15, if the
Principal Operator ceases managing the Restaurant and another shareholder, member, partner or
employee of you that qualifies as the Principal Operator does not assume such obligations, we may, at
our sole option, appoint a manager to operate the Restaurant for your account. All expenses of the
Restaurant, including compensation, travel and living expenses, and other costs of the appointed
manager, and a reasonable per diem fee for our administrative expenses, will be charged to you.
Operation of the Restaurant during any such period will be for and on your behalf. The appointed
manager will have a duty only to utilize his or her best efforts in the management of the Restaurant
and neither we nor the appointed manager will be liable to you or your owners for any debts, losses,
liabilities or obligations incurred by the Restaurant, or to any of your creditors for any merchandise,
materials, supplies or services purchased by the Restaurant during any period in which it is managed
by our appointed manager.

       16.      Your Operational Covenants.

                 (a) Limitations on Activities. If you are a corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or other entity, you may not at any time during the Term of this Agreement own, operate
or have any interest in any other business or business activity other than the operation of Papa Johns
restaurants pursuant to agreements with us. If you are an individual and are also the Principal
Operator, you represent and warrant that you have disclosed to us all businesses in which you have
an interest, or are engaged in, and covenant that you will notify us of any intention to participate or
engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business activity at least 30 days before undertaking such
activity or becoming a party to any agreement or understanding relating to such activity. You must
provide us with such information in regard thereto as we may reasonably request and not engage or
participate in any such activity unless you receive our written consent.

                (b)     Execution of Ancillary Documents. Upon our request or direction, at any
time, you must cause any person or entity owning any beneficial interest in you, directly or
indirectly, to execute an Owner Agreement in the form provided by us.

                (c)    Your Non-Compete. You covenant that during the Term you will not engage
in any of the following activities without our consent:


                                                  42
