revenue from designated or approved suppliers based on the sale of products to you and our other
franchisees. We will disclose all such revenues and the identity of the suppliers to you, but we are
entitled to retain such revenues for our or our Affiliates’ own use and credit without obligation to
you. To the extent such revenues are generated from sales by "PJFS" (as defined below), they will be
included (net of expenses and allocations) in the disclosure of PJFS's income. PJFS will not
unreasonably require you to purchase a non- proprietary item as a condition to purchasing a
confidential or proprietary item that can be purchased only from PJFS.

                (b)      Quality Control Centers. PJ Food Service, Inc. ("PJFS") currently supplies
designated and approved products to Papa Johns restaurants owned by us or our Affiliates and those of
our franchisees from quality control centers that are owned and operated either by PJFS or us (the
"QCCs"). PJFS is currently the only designated supplier of dough, prepared pizza crusts and Papa
Johns proprietary pizza sauce for use by Papa Johns restaurants and you must purchase dough,
prepared pizza crusts and pizza sauce from PJFS or a designated representative unless and until such
time as a successor supplier of dough, crusts and/or pizza sauce is designated. PJFS has no obligation
to continue supplying you or to continue to operate a QCC. If PJFS ceases operating a QCC capable
of supplying the Restaurant, or terminates service to you (other than as a result of the termination
or expiration of the Franchise or your failure to timely pay for your purchases), we will provide you
with the name, address and phone number of an alternative approved supplier(s) and the products to
be purchased from such supplier(s). All purchases by you from the QCCs are on the reasonable terms
and delivery policies and procedures specified from time to time by PJFS, including payment and
credit terms and your provision of safe and unobstructed access to the Restaurant for the purpose of
effecting both attended and unattended deliveries, including dates and times which may be designated
by PJFS, which may include times when the Restaurant is closed. PJFS, through us, reserves the
right to specify different terms for different franchisees. We make no representations or warranties
about any of the services performed by or any of the products produced or sold by or through PJFS
or any other designated or approved supplier.

               (c)      Alternative Suppliers. If you desire to: (i) use any equipment, supplies or
other products not previously designated and approved by us; (ii) obtain designated products from a
source of supply not previously approved by us; or (iii) offer any non-standard menu item or service
in the Restaurant; you must furnish to us for our prior approval, free of cost, samples of such products
(or a description and demonstration of any such service) in reasonable quantities, its cartons,
containers and packaging and wrapping material, the quality and style of which will be subject to
our approval. Such distributor, supplier, products or services will be approved for use in the
Restaurant only upon your receipt of written approval from us. We may withdraw our approval of
any previously approved supplier, products or services and you must cease using such products,
supplier and/or services upon receipt of written notice from us. In connection with our investigation
and review of any alternative supplier identified and submitted for approval by you (including re-
qualification of any supplier that, after our initial qualification and approval, fails to adhere to or
maintain our quality standards or specifications) or investigation and review of any non-standard
menu item that you desire to offer, you must reimburse to us all of our reasonable expenses incurred
in investigating such alternative supplier or establishing standards for, and approving the offering
of such non-standard menu item or service and the supplier(s) thereof (or ingredients therefor, as the
case may be), in each case including all travel, lodging and meal expenses of our employees or
agents, and regardless of whether we approve or disapprove such alternative supplier or non-
                                                   32
