insurance at no less than the actual replacement value of the building (if owned), the contents, and
improvements; (ii) workers' compensation and other insurance with limits required by law; (iii) fire legal
liability (unless you own the premises in which the Restaurant is located or have a cross-waiver of
subrogation with your landlord); (iv) commercial general liability insurance on an "occurrence" form
covering all operations by or on behalf of you providing insurance for bodily injury liability, property
damage liability and personal injury liability for the limits of liability indicated below and including
coverage for (A) Premises and Operations Liability, (B) Products and Completed Operations Liability,
(C) Independent Contractors Protective Liability, (D) Blanket Contractual Liability insuring the
obligations assumed by you under the Franchise Agreement, and (E) Incidental Medical Malpractice; and
(v) automobile liability insurance, including non-owned automobiles (not required for Non- Traditional
Restaurants that do not offer delivery service). Excluding (ii), the limits of liability required for each of
the policies described above are: $1,000,000 each occurrence (combined single limit for bodily injury
and property damage); $1,000,000 personal injury liability; $1,000,000 aggregate for products -
completed operations; $2,000,000 general aggregate; and $500,000 for fire legal liability. Except with
respect to bodily injury and property damage included within the products and completed operations
hazards, the aggregate limit must apply separately to each location. The limits of liability must not be
less than $1,000,000 combined single limit each accident for bodily injury and property damage
combined. You are also required to maintain an umbrella policy with a minimum of $1,000,000, which
must expressly provide coverage in addition to the coverages listed above including employers liability
coverage included in (ii). You must maintain the insurance coverages and amounts listed above, even if
using third-party delivery services. Excluding (ii), we must be named as an additional insured on all your
policies. These are only the minimum coverages required. We do not represent or warrant that these
coverages are adequate. You should consult with your insurance advisors to assure that you obtain all
required coverages as well as any additional types of coverages or higher limits that they may recommend.

         Upon request, you must deliver to us copies of all required insurance policies and proof of
payment of insurance premiums. All policies required under the Franchise Agreement must provide that
the insurer will give us written notice not less than 30 days before any policy or coverage may be canceled,
materially altered, or permitted to lapse or expire. We also have the right to require you to increase the
limits of any required policy of insurance. We expect that the required limits would not be increased
unless deemed reasonably necessary: (1) to protect against increased liability exposures; (2) to cover
additional equipment, leasehold improvements or signage requirements; or (3) as a result of a change in
law or other factors justifying such increase.



                        ITEM 9:          FRANCHISEE'S OBLIGATIONS

       This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other
items of this disclosure document. (FA=Franchise Agreement; NTFA=Franchise Agreement –
Non-Traditional Restaurant; STFA=Franchise Agreement – Small Town Restaurant;
DA=Development Agreement; OA=Owner Agreement; RA=Relationship Agreement)

             Obligation                      Section in Agreement               Disclosure Document Item
        (a) Site selection and          FA, NTFA, & STFA: 1 and 6                     Items 7 and 11
           acquisition/lease            DA: 3.(d), 3.(h), 3.(j), and 5
                                        OA: Not applicable
                                        RA: Not applicable



                                                   - 28 -
