
               a.    Lessee is declared in default of the Franchise Agreement, any other
franchise agreements between Lessee and PJF, the Development Agreement, or the lease for the
Restaurant premises;

               b.      Any action is brought against Lessee causing the Equipment to be taken or
encumbered;

               c.     Lessee dissolves or abandons its business, Lessee ceases to do business as a
going concern, Lessee becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy, has a petition in
bankruptcy filed against it which Lessee does not oppose, Lessee is adjudicated bankrupt or
insolvent, Lessee makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or Lessee consents to the
appointment of a receiver or trustee for all or any material portion of its assets;

               d.      Lessee fails to comply with any material term or provision of this Lease or
to perform or fully discharge any of its duties or obligations hereunder.

        12.    PJUSA Remedies. In the event of default by Lessee, PJUSA shall be entitled to
the following remedies, which shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies to
which PJUSA may be entitled under any other provision of this Lease and/or applicable law: (a)
PJUSA or its designated agents or representatives may enter Lessee’s site and repossess the
Equipment or sue for a court ordered repossession and Lessee shall pay all costs and charges
incurred by PJUSA in connection therewith, including without limitation, costs or charges incurred
by PJUSA to recover the Equipment and return it to allocation chosen by PJUSA; (b) Lessee must
immediately remit to PJUSA the unamortized amount for the Equipment within 30 days of receipt
of invoice from PJUSA; and/or (c) PJUSA may terminate this Lease.

        13.    Currency; Taxes. All payments due to PJUSA hereunder shall be made in U.S.
Dollars, and at PJUSA’s election shall be paid by check, in immediately available funds, or via
electronic funds transfer initiated by PJUSA, all without setoff or withholding by Lessee.
Applicable sales or use tax will be billed to Lessee as required by law.

        14.    Governing Law. This Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, excluding its conflict of laws principles.

        15.    Entire Agreement. This Lease, along with the applicable Development Agreement
and Bill of Sale to which it relates, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes and prior written or contemporaneous oral agreement
with respect thereto.




                                                31
