
        In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680
through 695, and of the regulations promulgated thereunder (N.Y. Comp. Code R. & Regs., tit. 13, §§ 200.1
through 201.16), the parties to the attached Papa John's Franchising, LLC Non-Traditional Restaurant
Franchise Agreement (the "Agreement") agree as follows:

         1.      Section 2(c)(viii) of the Agreement, under the heading "Term, Renewal and Expiration,"
shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no force or effect, and the following shall be substituted in its
place:

                 (viii) You execute and deliver to us a general release, in the form we prescribe, releasing,
                 to the fullest extent permitted under the laws of the state where the Restaurant is located, all
                 claims that you may have against us and our Affiliates and subsidiaries, and their respective
                 officers, directors, shareholders and employees in both their corporate and individual
                 capacities, provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by you and any causes of action arising
                 in your favor from the provisions of New York General Business Law Sections 680-695 and
                 the regulations issued thereunder, shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision
                 that the non-waiver provisions of N.Y. Gen. Bus. Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied;

         2.      Section 14(c)(vii) of the Agreement, under the heading "Transfers," shall be deleted in its
entirety and shall have no force or effect, and the following shall be substituted in its place:

                 (vii)     you and all owners of an interest in you execute a general release, in the form
                 prescribed by us, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted under the laws of the state where
                 either the Restaurant to be transferred or you, as applicable, is/are located, all claims that
                 you or any of them may have against us or our Affiliates or subsidiaries, including our and
                 their respective shareholders, officers, directors and employees, in both their individual and
                 corporate capacities, and if you are the transferor, you acknowledge in writing that your
                 interest under this Agreement is terminated, provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by
                 the transferor and any causes of action arising in its favor from the provisions of New York
                 General Business Law Sections 680-695 and the regulations issued thereunder, shall remain
                 in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of N.Y. Gen.
                 Bus. Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied;

        3.       Section 20(f) of the Agreement, under the heading "Obligations upon Transfer,
Termination or Expiration," shall be deleted in its entirety, and shall have no force or effect; and the following
paragraph shall be substituted in its place:

                 (f)     You must pay to us all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys'
                 fees, incurred by us subsequent to the transfer, termination or expiration of the Franchise in
                 seeking injunctive or other relief for the enforcement of any term, covenant or provision of
                 this Agreement.

         4.      Section 23 (a), (iv) fifth paragraph of the Agreement, under the heading "Enforcement," shall
be deleted in its entirety, and shall have no force or effect; and the following paragraph shall be substituted
in lieu thereof:

                 NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS
                 SECTION 23.(a), WE AND YOU EACH HAVE THE RIGHT IN A PROPER CASE TO
                 BRING AN ACTION TO SEEK A TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDER OR

         New York Amendment to the Franchise Agreement – Non-Traditional Restaurant
                                       (Page 1 of 3)
