contribute to the Marketing Fund the entire amount of all contributions determined to be due, plus
interest as provided in the By-Laws. If such an audit discloses an overpayment, then you shall be
entitled to deduct the amount of such overpayment from the amounts next due the Marketing Fund.


       3.       Expenditures by the Marketing Fund. The Marketing Fund agrees that all
amounts contributed to it by you will be expended solely for the purposes set forth in its
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws as amended from time to time.



       4.      Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall begin on the date
of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for such period of time as the Franchise Agreement for
any Controlled Restaurant remains in effect and for all renewals and extensions thereof agreed to by
Papa Johns; provided that the expiration or termination of the franchises for all Controlled
Restaurants automatically causes termination of this Agreement, but such termination shall not affect
any of your accrued obligations.



       5.       Binding Effect. You may not assign this Agreement unless you propose to transfer
all Controlled Restaurants to a third party and Papa Johns consents to such transfer. Subject to the
foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon any of your successors or assigns and shall inure to
the benefit of their respective successors or assigns; provided that no assignment by you shall release
that person or any other person defined as you herein from any accrued obligations under this
Agreement without the Marketing Fund's prior written consent.


       6.        Franchise Agreement. Your obligations under this Agreement and under the
Marketing Fund's Articles and By-Laws, and any rules or resolutions adopted by the Board, are in
addition to your obligations under your Franchise Agreement. In the event of any conflict between
this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, the terms of the Franchise Agreement govern and
control.



       7.      Use of Advertising Materials. No advertising or promotional materials provided
to you by the Marketing Fund may be used in any form other than as expressly provided and may
                                             -4
