     payments, on the 25th (or next business day) for collections on behalf of and remitted to Papa
     John’s Marketing Fund, Inc. for your Marketing Fund contributions and on the 20th (or next
     business day) for Digital Fees. We may change the dates of collection from time to time, but we
     will give you one period advance notice before any change. We will initiate a net debit or credit
     to your bank account for weekly Papa Card transaction activity. A debit will result from customer
     purchases of cards and/or balance increases and a credit will result from customer card
     redemptions. If we are unable to poll Net Sales through your Restaurant's computer system and
     do not receive a written report of Net Sales through other means, we may estimate Net Sales for
     such Period and debit your account accordingly. We will apply any overpayment against the
     next Period's Royalty and Marketing Fund contributions. Any deficiency will be debited against
     your account. If for any reason your account cannot be debited, you must submit payments by
     wire transfer or check on or before the due date. You must indemnify and hold us harmless from
     all damages, losses, costs and expenses resulting from any dishonored debit on your account
     unless caused by our negligence or mistake.

6/   We operate systems by which customers are able to place orders digitally and/or on-line via the
     internet and other emerging technologies. You will be required to participate in the on-line and
     technology-based ordering system. The Digital Fee is collected only on the amount of your Net
     Sales effected through the on-line and technology-based ordering system.

     The Board of Directors of the Marketing Fund may raise or lower this fee. Any aggregator sales
     conducted through the on-line and technology-based ordering system will be subject to the 2.0%
     of Net Sales Digital Fee.

7/   The members of the Marketing Fund approved a Marketing Fund initiative (the “NMF Initiative”)
     that, among other matters, established a contribution rate of 6% of Net Sales beginning April 1,
     2024 and continuing until December 30, 2029 (unless the NMF Initiative is earlier repealed or
     changed by a vote of the members of the Marketing Fund). Also, if we raise the standard system
     royalty at any time before December 30, 2029, the Marketing Fund contribution rate
     automatically reverts to 5% of Net Sales for the period of time the royalty increase is in effect.
     Non-Traditional Restaurants and Small-Town Restaurants are required to pay an amount equal
     to 25% of the current standard rate, currently 1.50% of Net Sales (that is, 25% of 6%). Small-
     Town Restaurants do not make a separate contribution to the Marketing Fund; instead, for those
     franchises, Marketing Fund contributions are included in the Royalty.

     The Board of Directors of the Marketing Fund approved a development incentive (the
     “Development Incentive”) in which franchisees that open standard Restaurants in the United
     States in 2025 that are required to be opened in 2025 or are incremental to required openings,
     will not pay contributions to the Marketing Fund for 3 years from the date of the qualifying
     standard Restaurant’s opening. At the end of the 3-year period, the qualifying standard
     Restaurant will pay the then-standard Marketing Fund contribution rate. Standard Restaurants
     that are opened in 2025 that were required to be opened prior to 2025 do not qualify for the
     Development Incentive. To qualify and continue to qualify for the Development Incentive the
     franchisee must remain in good standing with us, including but not limited to, paying all fees
     when due, being in compliance with all development obligations, and remaining in operational
     compliance with all standards of the Papa Johns brand. Non-Traditional Restaurants and Small
     Town Restaurants do not qualify for the Development Incentive.

     Before opening, you must sign and deliver to us the Advertising Agreement attached as Exhibit
     H, by which you will become a member of Papa John's Marketing Fund, Inc. (the "Marketing
     Fund"). As a member of the Marketing Fund, you will be entitled to vote on certain proposed
     changes to the Marketing Fund contribution rate (See Item 11).

                                               - 15 -
