changed, altered or restricted, even though we have approved the new location for the Restaurant.

                 (f)   Other Businesses. We reserve the right to operate, directly and/or through
Affiliates, franchise, or license others to operate or franchise, restaurants or other food related
establishments or businesses other than Papa Johns restaurants and we and our Affiliates may do
so within the Territory, provided, that such restaurants or food establishments or businesses do not
sell pizza on a delivery basis, or primarily on a carry-out basis. We also reserve the right to develop,
market and conduct any other business under the Marks or any other trademark.

                (g) Other Methods of Distribution. We reserve the right to manufacture or sell,
, directly or through third parties, or both, within and outside your Territory, pizza and other
products that are the same as or similar to those sold in Papa Johns restaurants using brand names
that are the same as or similar to the Marks, through any channel of distribution, provided that such
items are not sold through restaurants or on a ready-to-eat basis.

       6.      Premises.

               (a)     Leased Premises. If you intend to lease the premises where the Restaurant
will be operated (the "Premises"), you must submit to us copies of the executed signature pages of
all such leases immediately after signing and copies of the full leases and any exhibits and
addendum at such other times as we may request.

                 (b)     Owned Premises. If you own the Premises, you must submit to us proof of
ownership. If you decide to sell the Premises together with the Restaurant at any time before the
expiration or termination of the Franchise, you must notify us of your intention. We have a right
of first refusal to purchase the Premises on the same terms and conditions as set forth in Section
14.(c)(ii). If the sale will also involve a relocation of the Restaurant, you must submit to us for our
approval your proposed plans (including copies of any proposed lease or contract of purchase) for
an alternative location.

                (c)     Premises Identification. Regardless of whether you own or lease the
Premises, you must, within ten days after the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement,
remove all signs and other items and indicia that serve, directly or indirectly, to identify the
Premises as a Papa Johns restaurant and make such other modifications as are reasonably necessary
to protect the Marks and the Papa Johns System, and to distinguish the Premises from Papa Johns
restaurants. To enforce this provision, we may pursue any or all remedies available to us under
applicable law and in equity, including injunctive relief. Your obligation will be conditioned upon
our giving you prior notice of the modifications to be made and the items removed.

                (d)     Suitability of Premises. Regardless of whether the Premises are owned or
leased, it is your responsibility to determine that the Premises can be used, under all applicable
laws and ordinances, for the purposes provided herein and that the Premises can be constructed or
remodeled in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and you must obtain all permits and
licenses that may be required to construct, remodel and operate the Restaurant. The Premises may
not be used for any purpose other than the operation of the Restaurant in compliance with this
Agreement.

                                                 -9
