("Digital Fee") in an amount determined by a board consisting of the same members of the Board
of the Marketing Fund as a percentage of each Period's Net Sales of the Restaurant that arise from
customer orders received via the internet through our internet/digital ordering system (“Digital
Orders”). The fee generally will be set high enough to cover our ongoing costs plus new capital
expenditures each year in improving, maintaining and operating the on-line/digital ordering
system/application, including costs of integration of aggregator or other third-party platforms,
provided: (A) we will contribute any revenue in excess of these costs to the Marketing Fund; and
(B) any shortfall of revenue will be carried forward as a deficit and retired from future Digital Fee
revenues. The Digital Fee is due on the 20th day of the month following each Period.

                (b) Alternative Ordering. We reserve the right to develop or contract with third
parties to develop centralized or technology-based methods of taking, processing, routing, and
delivering orders in addition to the online and digital system that we currently use or authorize
(collectively "Alternative Ordering Systems"). These may become mandatory at any time during
the Term of this Agreement and may require you to spend money to add or replace equipment,
wiring, hardware and software, and to pay licensing fees, support and maintenance fees, fees paid
to third parties; to incur other costs, and to sign agreements with third parties. To the extent that
these products and services are owned by us or provided to you by us, we may charge up front
and/or ongoing fees. However, to the extent that all the direct and indirect costs to develop, test and
implement an Alternative Ordering System are paid from the Digital Fee, then such up-front and
ongoing fees charged by us would be intended only to cover our ongoing expenses, including direct
costs and reasonable allocations. Regardless of the sources of funds to develop any Alternative
Ordering System, as between you and us we are and will be the owner of all direct and related
rights and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all data generated by
the Alternative Ordering Systems or as a result of their use, but excluding hardware or equipment
that you purchase directly for the purpose of gaining access to the Alternative Ordering System
(including computers and kiosks).

               (c)    Intentionally Omitted.

                (d) Taxes. If the state in which the Restaurant is located (or a local taxing
authority within the state) imposes a sales tax, use tax, gross receipts compensating tax or similar
tax on the Initial Franchise Fee, the Royalty or the Digital Fee, we will collect such tax from you
in addition to the amount set forth or determined as provided herein and remit the amount of the tax
directly to the taxing authority. This does not include income taxes imposed on us, for which we
are solely responsible. If the state in which the Restaurant is located (or a local taxing authority
within the state) requires you to withhold tax on any payment that you are obligated to make to us
or our Affiliates, you must timely pay such withheld amounts to the appropriate taxing authority and
promptly deliver to us receipts of applicable governmental authorities for all such taxes withheld or
paid. We have no obligation to recognize or give credit for any amounts so withheld until you
provide to us receipts or other evidence acceptable to us that such amounts have been duly remitted
to the appropriate taxing authority. We have no obligation to recognize or give credit for any such
receipts provided more than three (3) years after the associated tax year. You are responsible for
and undertake to indemnify us and our Affiliates against and hold us and our Affiliates harmless
from any penalties, interest and expenses incurred by or assessed against us or any of our Affiliates


                                                -5
