        software programs that we develop or cause to be developed and that are owned by us or
        licensed exclusively to us and that we designate for use on the Information System in the
        operation of a Restaurant, including any modifications, additions or enhancements to such
        software programs ("Proprietary Programs").

                               (B)    "Information System" The Designated Software and those
brands, types, makes, and/or models of communications and computer systems, hardware, network
devices, security systems and internet access platforms specified and required by us for: (i) use in
the Restaurant; (ii) between or among Papa Johns Restaurants and/or us; or (iii) between customers,
vendors or suppliers and the Restaurant. The Information System may include, but is not necessarily
limited to, hardware and point of sale systems, back-office systems, information storage, retrieval,
data transmission systems, third party integrations, inventory management, software maintenance,
reporting and analytics, research and development system, high speed broadband connectivity and
monitoring, methods and means of encryption, internet and intranet access, and security systems.

                       (ii)    Use of Information System. You will record and store all customer
 transactions on the Information System and in so doing comply with the provisions of any
 applicable laws and regulations related to data protection and not use the data and information for
 any purpose other than in the operation of the Restaurant.

                        (iii)  Grant of Software License. We will grant to you, and cause our
 Packaged Software vendors to grant to you, a nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonassignable license
 to use the Designated Software, subject to the same terms and conditions under which the
 Designated Software is licensed to our other franchisees in general. You are bound by the terms of
 each Packaged Software Agreement. The Designated Software and any data generated by the use
 of the Designated Software are the valuable, proprietary property and trade secret of us and/or our
 Packaged Software vendors, and you must use the utmost care to safeguard the Designated
 Software and any data generated by the use of the Designated Software and to maintain the
 copyright protection and the secrecy and confidentiality thereof. We have the right to use the data
 as we determine appropriate, provided, we will: (i) not use or sell the data to any "Competitive
 Business" (as defined in Section 16.(f)); and (ii) consult with the FAC regarding any sale to or use
 by a third party of data generated by franchisees (limited to phone numbers, names, street
 addresses, email addresses and purchase history).

                       (iv)    Access; Enhancements and Changes.

                               (A)    Access to System. We have the right at all times to access the
Information System and to retrieve, analyze, download and use the Designated Software and all
software, data and files stored or used on the Information System. We may access the Information
System in the Restaurant or from other locations, including our headquarters and regional offices.
You must store all data and information that we designate from time to time on the Information
System. No unauthorized data or information may be stored on the Information System.

                             (B)     Enhancements and Changes. We will notify you of, and
you must promptly implement, all upgrades, modifications, enhancements, extensions, error
corrections and other changes to Designated Software and the other components of the Information
System developed or adopted by us for use in the operation of the Restaurant.
                                                -18
