your reports and financial statements for each Period or year-end one or more manuals, which
manual(s) may contain mandatory and/or optional accounting procedures, forms, chart of accounts
and other items deemed relevant or necessary by us. You must direct your bookkeeper/accountant
to follow all mandatory policies, procedures, forms, formats and other items set forth in such
manuals. The accounting manual(s) constitute part of the "Manuals" as defined in this Agreement.

                 (b) Recordkeeping. You must: (i) establish and maintain accounting and record
keeping systems substantially in accordance with the specifications and procedures provided by us
and as amended from time to time, including maintaining accounting records on a basis enabling
or facilitating reporting to us according to monthly or multi-week periods designated by us (each
such accounting period is referred to as "Period"); (ii) make all such records available to us upon
request; and (iii) maintain and preserve, for at least five years from the date of preparation, full,
complete and accurate books, records and accounts.

                (c)      Periodic Reports. Upon our request, you will deliver to us complete copies
of: (i) a statement, in the form prescribed by us, of the revenues and expenses of the Restaurant for
the immediately preceding Period; and (ii) such other records and reports as are requested by us,
including bank statements, sales and expense forms and reports, and a current balance sheet in the
form reasonably required by us or our Affiliates. Any such reports should clearly identify revenue,
expenses, and other data requested of the Restaurant, and such information shall not be combined
with information for any other business you may operate, including any other Papa Johns
restaurants. Required monthly reports (or more frequent as required by us) will continue to be
provided in the format we approve until we advise in writing otherwise.

                 (d) Year-End Reports. Within 120 days following your fiscal year end, you
will provide us with copies of your financial statements relating to operation of the Restaurant,
including an income statement for the fiscal year just ended and a balance sheet as of the end of
such fiscal year, which financial statements must be prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. You must: (i) furnish us with copies
of all state sales tax returns as we request from time to time; and (ii) promptly notify us if any such
return is not timely filed, or if any extension is filed, and the reasons therefor.

                (e) Examinations and Audits. We or our designated agents have the right, at
all times and upon reasonable notice, to review all your sales and expense records and reports that
relate to the Restaurant, as well as all sales and use tax exemption certificates that you are required
to collect and retain, and to examine or audit your books and records and to make copies of all such
items. If any such examination or audit discloses any underpayment of the Royalty, Marketing
Fund payments, or any other sums or fees owed to us and/or any of our Affiliates, you must
immediately pay the deficient amount plus interest thereon from the date due until paid, at a rate
equal to the lesser of 12% per annum or the maximum amount permitted by applicable law. All
payments received will first be credited against interest due and then against other payments due.
If such an examination or audit discloses an understatement in any statement or report of 5% or
more, you must, in addition to the above provision, reimburse us for the cost of having your books
examined or audited. The foregoing are in addition to any other rights or remedies we may have,
including the termination of the Franchise granted herein.

                                                -29
