                    the unamortized amount of the equipment
         •          Under the Equipment Lease:

                    a.      You are required to pay all costs of and we will not reimburse you for (a)
 transportation and freight charges for delivery of the equipment to your Restaurant; and (b) providing
 a suitable site for installation of the equipment and actual installation of the equipment at the Restaurant,
 including without limitation: rigging; structural alteration; rental of installation tools or equipment;
 necessary electrical power; and HVAC equipment and installations.

                  b.     If the Equipment Lease expires or is terminated and you are not eligible to
 purchase the equipment as provided under the Equipment Lease, within 10 days of termination or
 expiration you are required, at your own cost and expense, to prepare the equipment for shipping and
 deliver the equipment to PJUSA or its designated agent. If you fail or refuse to do so, you are required
 to allow PJUSA or its agents access to the premises where the equipment is located to take immediate
 possession. The equipment must be returned to PJUSA in substantially the same condition as received,
 ordinary wear and tear excepted. Upon receipt of the equipment, PJUSA will perform diagnostic testing
 to determine whether the equipment is in good condition and working order reasonably suited for its
 normal use and operation. If the equipment fails such diagnostic testing, you will be required to pay to
 PJUSA a maintenance fee equal to the cost to PJUSA of returning the equipment to good condition and
 working order.

                  c.     During the term of the Equipment Lease, the equipment remains the sole and
 exclusive property of PJUSA. You have no right or property interest in the equipment except for the
 right to possess and use the equipment in the operation of your Restaurant. The equipment remains
 personal property even if installed in or attached to real property.

                  d.      You are required to keep the equipment free and clear from all claims,
 levies, liens and encumbrances.

                 e.      The equipment may be used solely for operation of the Restaurant and not
 for any other commercial, personal, family or household purposes.

                    f.      You may not make any alterations to the Equipment without PJUSA’s prior
 written consent.

                 g.      During the term of the Equipment Lease, you must, at your own cost and
 expense, maintain the equipment in good working order and make any and all repairs necessary to
 maintain the equipment in good working order.

                  h.      You assume and bear the risk of loss or damage to the equipment from the
 time you order the equipment until the equipment is returned to PJUSA, if applicable. You are required
 to keep the equipment insured against all risks of loss in an amount not less than the replacement cost
 of the equipment and carry general commercial liability insurance covering the equipment.

                    i.      You are obligated to indemnify and defend PJUSA against all claims,
 liabilities, costs, damages and expenses arising from or related to your possession, use or operation of
 the equipment.

        Neither Papa Johns nor any of our affiliates receives any consideration for placing financing with
any lender.




                                                    - 33 -
