you arising from use of the Proprietary Programs in conjunction with any other computer program.

         We will disclose to you certain confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets. Except
as necessary in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and as we approve, you may not, during
the term or at any time after the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement, regardless of the
cause of termination, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or communicate or divulge to, or use
for the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge or
know-how concerning the recipes, food products, advertising, marketing, designs, plans, software and
programs or methods of operation of the Restaurant or the System. You may disclose to your employees
only such confidential, proprietary or trade secret information as is necessary to operate the business and
then only while the Franchise Agreement is in effect. Any and all information, knowledge, or know-how
that we designate as secret or confidential, including without limitation, drawings, materials, equipment,
marketing, recipes, and other data, will be deemed secret and confidential for purposes of the Franchise
Agreement. These restrictions do not apply to information that: is in the public domain or becomes part
of the public domain (other than through your breach of the Franchise Agreement, Owner Agreement, or
Relationship Agreement); before disclosure was already in your possession; is received by you from a
third party (other than our affiliate) without breaching any duty, obligation or restriction; or is
independently developed by you without reference to information disclosed to you by us or any of our
affiliated companies. In addition, disclosure of information in compliance with lawful legal process (for
example, your complying with a validly issued subpoena) will not constitute a breach of your
confidentiality obligations as long as you give us notice of such process and a reasonable opportunity to
oppose the disclosure or seek other protective orders or remedies to protect our confidential information.
If you sign a Relationship Agreement with us (Exhibit K-2), each of you and your affiliates that operate
Restaurants, and each of your and their respective senior officers, members of governing bodies, and
holders of 10% or more of the total ownership interests, and other persons designated by us must also
sign a confidentiality and non-competition agreement on our then-current form.



   ITEM 15: OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF
                       THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

         You (or your managing shareholder or partner) are not obligated to participate personally in the
direct operation of your Restaurant, except as described below. You must designate an individual to serve
as your "Principal Operator" under both the Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement. If you
are an individual, you are the "Principal Operator." If you are a corporation, limited liability company or
partnership, the Principal Operator must meet the following qualifications:

         •        The Principal Operator must own at least a 5% equity interest in you; provided that
                  you will not be in default of this requirement if the Principal Operator is entitled to a
                  bonus of not less than 5% of the net profits of the Restaurant, payable after the end of
                  each Period, and also has the right to acquire not less than a 5% equity interest in you
                  within 12 months of his or her hire date, pursuant to a written agreement between the
                  Principal Operator and you. You must provide us with a copy of any such agreement
                  upon request. Once the Principal Operator has acquired an equity interest in you, he
                  or she must continue to own that interest (or a greater interest) during the entire period
                  he or she serves as the Principal Operator.

         •        The Principal Operator must devote full time and best efforts to the supervision and
                  conduct of the development and operation of the Restaurant and, under the Franchise
                  Agreement and Development Agreement, must agree to be bound by the
                  confidentiality and non-competition provisions of the Owner Agreement. At such

                                                   - 57 -
