such restaurant(s) or the Chain. You acknowledge that because of these factors and others, there
may be variations from standard specifications and practices in the Chain and that you are not
entitled to require us to grant like or similar variations or privileges to you.

               (g)      Your Developments. We have the right to use and incorporate into the
System for the benefit of other franchisees and us any modifications, ideas or improvements, in
whole or in part, developed or discovered by you or your employees or agents, without any liability,
payment or obligation to you or the developer thereof.

                (h) Compliance with Laws and Other Business Practices. You will ensure that
your operation of the Restaurant is at all times in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances,
rules and regulations of all governmental bodies, including, without limitation; all federal and state
wage and hour laws and regulations; all laws and regulations relating to antitrust, restraint of trade,
unfair competition or unfair or deceptive trade practices; all applicable tax laws, including sales tax,
payroll tax and income tax laws and regulations; workers compensation and other insurance laws and
regulations; and all laws and regulations relating to public health or safety or health or safety of
employees. As part of your responsibility to comply with all applicable tax laws, you must collect,
at the applicable time of sale, all sales and use tax exemption certificates and documentation (which
must be properly completed) that you are required to collect in connection with sales that are exempt
from sales and use taxes, and you must retain all such exemption certificates until the applicable
statute of limitations has expired. It is your sole responsibility to determine the provisions and
requirements of applicable law and to ensure your compliance. We do not represent that we have
detailed knowledge of the laws and regulations of the state, locality or other legal jurisdiction in which
the Restaurant is located. In any case, we do not dispense legal advice to you and therefore we do not
undertake to evaluate or make any judgment with respect to your compliance with applicable law.
However, under Sections 19.(b) and 19.(c), we reserve the right to invoke our contractual remedies if
you are found to be in violation of any law or regulation by the legal authority charged with
enforcement of such law or regulation or via a civil proceeding, or if any such violation otherwise
comes to our attention. You agree to secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits and
certificates. You shall file all tax returns and pay all taxes before they become delinquent.
Furthermore, if you are subject to any withholding taxes on royalty fees or other payments due, you
shall provide us with quarterly evidence that such tax has been remitted to the appropriate
governmental agency on a quarterly basis. Additionally, if requested, you shall provide us with
quarterly evidence of proper sales tax exemption certificates for any sales to tax exempt groups (i.e.
schools, churches, and other non-profits).

               (i)    PCI Compliance. You agree to abide by the Payment Card Industry Data
Security Standards enacted by the applicable Card Associations, applicable to your business. If you
know or suspect a security breach, you shall immediately notify us. You shall promptly identify and
remediate the source of the compromise. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of
breach or compromise and all duties to monitor credit histories and transactions concerning your

                                                   29
