remain personal to you. You recognize that we have granted the Franchise in reliance on your
business and financial capacity and other attributes, and in reliance upon the Owner Agreement.
Accordingly, neither you nor any beneficial holder of any capital stock or other ownership interest
in you (if you are a corporation or other entity) may, without obtaining our prior written consent,
transfer: (i) any interest in the Franchise or this Agreement (including any security interest); (ii)
any material portion of your assets or the assets of the Restaurant; or (iii) any stock or other
ownership interest in you or any owner of you; except as provided in this Section 14.(c). We have
the right to communicate with both you, your counsel, if any, and the proposed transferee on any
aspect of such proposed transfer. Our consent to a particular transfer does not constitute consent
to any subsequent, modified, or different transfer and does not constitute a waiver of any claims
that we have against you. Any attempted transfer not in accordance with this Agreement shall
have no effect and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. If you grant a security interest in
your assets to secure a loan for purchase of the Premises or construction, leasehold or equipment
costs, you will ensure that the secured party agrees in writing that: (A) upon default by you, it will
notify us and we will have the right, but not the obligation, to be substituted as the debtor and to
cure the default; and (B) any acceleration of indebtedness provisions of the loan documents will
not be exercisable if we cure the default and assume the indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of a
default and our election to assume the indebtedness, the Franchise and this Agreement
automatically terminate and we have the right under Section 20 to purchase the assets used in the
Restaurant. The purchase price as determined under Section 20 will be reduced by the amount of
the debt that we assumed.

                       (i)    Restricted Transfers. Except for Permitted Transfers as described
in subsection 14.(c)(vii) below, you must give us at least 45 days prior written notice of any
intended transfer of any of your rights or interest under this Agreement or of the proposed transfer
of any interest in you, the Restaurant, or any material portion of your assets or the assets of the
Restaurant. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 14.(c)(vi) below, we will not
unreasonably withhold our consent to a proposed transfer.

                       (ii)   Right of First Refusal. Irrespective of the qualifications or accept-
ability of any prospective transferee, we have the first right and option to purchase the interest
intended or proposed to be transferred at the same price and on the same terms between you and
the prospective transferee contained in the notice, except that:

                              (A)    any proposed closing date or other deadlines or dates certain
contained in the notice may be postponed as reasonably necessary or appropriate to accommodate
our 45-day evaluation period as described below;

                                (B)     our right of first refusal applies to transfer of the real
property of the Location only if the proposed transfer includes, or is part of a series of separate
transfers that include, transfer of the Restaurant and/or the Franchise;

                                                 30
