be repeated. Advertising is developed by both our in-house marketing department and national and
regional advertising agencies and is designed to benefit all Papa Johns Restaurants equally. However,
we have no obligation to ensure that expenditures by the Marketing Fund in or affecting any geographic
area are proportionate or equivalent to Marketing Fund contributions made by Papa Johns Restaurants in
the area or that any Papa Johns Restaurant will benefit directly or in proportion to its contribution to the
Marketing Fund.

         Although the Marketing Fund is intended to be of perpetual duration, the Board has the right to
terminate the Marketing Fund. However, the Marketing Fund will not be terminated until all monies held
by it have been expended for the purposes set forth in its Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws or
distributed as permitted by law.

         The Board of Directors of the Marketing Fund approved the Development Incentive described in
Item 6 above (footnote 12), in which franchisees that open standard Restaurants in the United States in
2025 that are required to be opened in 2025, or are incremental to required openings, will not pay
contributions to the Marketing Fund for 3 years from the date of the qualifying standard Restaurant’s
opening. At the end of the 3-year period, the qualifying standard Restaurant will pay the then-standard
Marketing Fund contribution rate. Standard Restaurants that are opened in 2025 that were required to
be opened prior to 2025 do not qualify for the Development Incentive. To qualify and continue to
qualify for the Development Incentive the franchisee must remain in good standing with us, including
but not limited to, paying all fees when due, being in compliance with all development obligations, and
remaining in operational compliance with all standards of the Papa Johns brand. Non-Traditional
Restaurants and Small-Town Restaurants do not qualify for the Development Incentive. You are also
required to participate in the Papa Card program administered by Papa Card, Inc., except that Non-
Traditional Restaurants are generally not required to accept payment via Papa Cards. The Papa Card is
an electronic cash card available for purchase and redemption at Papa Johns Restaurants for use as a gift
certificate or other purchase credit purposes for food and beverage purchases. Customers may also
increase or replenish balances available on the Papa Card. Customers may redeem the balance (or any
portion thereof) on the Papa Card for food and beverage purchases. We will debit or credit your bank
account for the net amount of Papa Card purchases/ balance increases and redemption transactions on a
weekly basis. Upon redemption of a Papa Card for a purchase transaction at your Restaurant, you will
incur a fee of 2% of the transaction amount to Papa Card, Inc. to defray the expenses of administering the
Papa Card Program. This fee will be collected monthly and the rate may be changed by the Board of the
Marketing Fund but may be set higher than 2% only if approved by us. The funds collected by Papa
Card, Inc., and any earnings, are not and will not be, an asset of us or any franchisee. All assets and
earnings of Papa Card, Inc. will be applied to administer the Papa Card Program, including production
and distribution of Papa Cards, promoting the program to consumers and processing transactions.


         We may require you to participate in local Cooperatives. A Cooperative is an organization
established for Restaurants in a specified geographic area (typically a "Designated Marketing Area" or
"DMA," encompassing the area whose television broadcast coverage is predominately provided by
broadcasters located in a proximate city). Currently and until December 30, 2029, as part of the NMF
Initiative, participation in local Cooperatives and local advertising is voluntary. Participation may become
mandatory in the future upon the vote of the Members of the Marketing Fund to repeal or change the NMF
Initiative or after December 30, 2029. If you are required to contribute during a Mandatory Period (as
defined in Item 6, footnote 12 above), no Restaurant will be required to contribute to more than one
Cooperative. Notwithstanding the foregoing and only with respect to some existing franchisees, in some
instances certain existing Cooperative contractual commitments will need to be satisfied prior to ceasing
participation in the Cooperative. Although we specify the area and the Restaurants covered, each
Cooperative is operated and controlled by its members. However, no dissolution of a Cooperative by its
members will affect the requirement that all Restaurants in the area that we have specified must participate

                                                   - 39 -
