and continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination
of this agreement.

                (b)       Governing Law. Except to the extent governed by the federal arbitration
act, the United States trademark act of 1946 (Lanham act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 1051 et seq.) Or
other applicable preemptive federal law, this agreement and all claims arising from the relationship
between us and you will be governed by the laws of the commonwealth of Kentucky, without
regard to its conflict of laws principles.

                (c)      Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue. All judicial actions brought by us
against you or your owners or by you or your owners against us or our subsidiaries, affiliates,
shareholders; officers, directors, agents or employees must be brought exclusively in a court of
competent jurisdiction in Jefferson county, Kentucky or U.S. District court for the Western District
of Kentucky, and you (and each owner) irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and
waive any objection you, he or she may have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in such courts.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may bring an action to obtain a restraining order or temporary
or preliminary injunction, or enforce an arbitration award, in any federal or state court of general
jurisdiction in the state in which you reside or in which the restaurant is located. Nothing in this
Section 23.(c) shall preclude us from removing an action from state to federal court where
appropriate to do so.

               (d)       Waiver of Punitive Damages. Except with respect to your obligation to
indemnify us pursuant to section 21 and claims we bring against you under sections 16.(c), 16.(f),
17 or 20.(a)(x), we and you and your owners waive to the fullest extent permitted by law any right to
or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other and stipulate that, in the event of
a dispute between us, the party making a claim is limited to equitable relief and to recovery of any
actual damages it sustains (including pre- judgment interest).

               (e)     Waiver of Jury Trial We and you irrevocably waive trial by jury in any
action, proceeding or counterclaim, whether at law or in equity, brought by either of us.

                (f)     Limitations of Claims. Except for claims brought by us with regard to your
obligations under sections 16, 17 or 20.(a)(x), and your obligation to indemnify us pursuant to section
21, any and all claims arising out of or relating to this agreement or the relationship of you and us
pursuant to this agreement must be commenced within one (1) year from the date on which the act
or event giving rise to the claim occurred, or one (1) year from the date on which the claimant knew
or should have known, in the exercise of reasonable diligence, of the facts giving rise to such claims,
whichever later occurs.

               (g)       Costs, Expenses and Attorneys' Fees. Except as provided in Sections 16.(f),
20 and 21, each party must pay its own costs, expenses and attorneys' fees in any arbitration, claim,
suit or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the franchise relationship of the parties.

       24.       Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement must be in writing and given: (i) by personal

                                                    55
