terminate that relationship;

                      (iii)   the validity of this agreement or any other agreement between you
and us or any provision of any such agreement; or

                      (iv)        any standard, specification or operating procedure relating to the
establishment or operation of the restaurant;

Must be submitted on demand of either party to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA")
for a binding arbitration proceeding to be conducted in Louisville, Kentucky and heard by one
arbitrator in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of AAA. All matters
relating to arbitration (including arbitrability of any claim, dispute or controversy) will be governed by
the federal arbitration act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.) And not by any state arbitration law.

The arbitrator will have the jurisdiction, power and authority to award or include in the award any
relief that the arbitration deems proper in the circumstances, including money damages (with interest
on unpaid amounts from the date due or date damages arise or are incurred), specific performance,
injunctive relief and attorneys' fees and costs, provided that the arbitrator will not have the power to
declare any mark generic or otherwise invalid or, except as otherwise provided in this agreement, to
award exemplary or punitive damages. The award and decision of the arbitrator will be conclusive
and binding upon all parties hereto, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

We and you are bound by the provisions of any limitation on the period of time in which claims
must be brought under applicable law or this agreement, whichever expires earlier. In connection
with any such arbitration proceeding, each party must submit or file any claim that would constitute
a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by rule 13 of the federal rules of civil procedure) within the
same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim that is not submitted or filed as
described above will be forever barred.

Except for inclusion of related parties as expressly provided in this section 23.(a), arbitration must be
conducted on an individual basis, not a class-wide or other collective basis, and any arbitration
proceeding between us (including our affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, agents or
employees) and you (including your owners, guarantors, affiliates or employees, if applicable) may
not be consolidated with or brought as part of any other arbitration proceeding between us and any
other person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or association.

        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this section 23.(a), we and you each
have the right in a proper case to bring an action to obtain a temporary restraining order or temporary
or preliminary injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction (subject to the provisions of
section 23.(c)), provided, that we and you must contemporaneously (within ten (10) business
days of commencement of court action) submit our dispute for arbitration on the merits as provided
herein, except as otherwise provided in the first paragraph of this section 23.(a).



                                                    54
