contained in the Manuals, policy and procedure statements and other written notices as issued
and/or as modified from time to time by us. You acknowledge that all information in the Manuals,
policy and procedure statements and other notices constitute confidential information and trade
secrets, and may not be disclosed at any time by you. You will not copy any part of the Manuals
or any other communication or information provided by us.

                (f)     Variations in Standards. You may not implement any change to the
System without our prior written consent. However, because complete and detailed uniformity
under varying conditions may not be possible or practical, we specifically reserve the right, in our
sole discretion and as we may deem in the best interests of you or the Chain, to vary the System,
including specific standards, policies and/or procedures, within the Restaurant or any other
restaurant(s) in the Chain based upon peculiarities of a particular location or circumstances,
including: density of population and other demographic factors; size of the Territory; business
practices or customs; and any other condition that we deem to be of importance to the operation
of such restaurant(s) or the Chain. You acknowledge that because of these factors and others,
there may be variations from standard specifications and practices in the Chain and that you are
entitled to require us to grant like or similar variations or privileges to you.

                (g)    Your Developments. We have the right to use and incorporate into the
System for the benefit of other franchisees and us any modifications, ideas or improvements, in
whole or in part, developed or discovered by you or your employees or agents, without any liability
or obligation to you or the developer thereof.

                 (h)     Compliance with Laws and Other Business Practices. You will ensure
that your operation of the Restaurant is at all times in compliance with all applicable laws,
ordinances, rules and regulations of all governmental bodies, including, without limitation; all
federal and state wage and hour laws and regulations; all laws and regulations relating to antitrust,
restraint of trade, unfair competition or unfair or deceptive trade practices; all applicable tax laws,
including sales tax, payroll tax and income tax laws and regulations; workers compensation and
other insurance laws and regulations; and all laws and regulations relating to public health or safety
or health or safety of employees. As part of your responsibility to comply with all applicable tax
laws, you must collect, at the applicable time of sale, all sales and use tax exemption certificates
and documentation (which must be properly completed) that you are required to collect in
connection with sales that are exempt from sales and use taxes, and you must retain all such
exemption certificates until the applicable statute of limitations has expired. It is your sole
responsibility to determine the provisions and requirements of applicable law and to ensure your
compliance. We do not represent that we have detailed knowledge of the laws and regulations of
the state, locality or other legal jurisdiction in which the Restaurant is located. In any case, we do
not dispense legal advice to you and therefore we do not undertake to evaluate or make any
judgment with respect to your compliance with applicable law. However, under Sections 19.(b)
and 19.(c), we reserve the right to invoke our contractual remedies if you are found to be in
violation of any law or regulation by the legal authority charged with enforcement of such law or
                                                  23
