Territory above, if this Agreement is signed pursuant to a Development Agreement between you and
us, in no event will the Territory extend outside the boundaries of the "Development Area" as
defined in the Development Agreement and neither termination nor expiration of the Development
Agreement will alter this limitation.

                 (d)     No Exclusive Trade Area for Sales or Delivery. We do not warrant or
represent that no other Papa Johns restaurant will solicit or make any sales within the Territory, and
you expressly acknowledge that such solicitations or sales may occur within the Territory. We have
no duty to protect you from any such sales, solicitations, or attempted sales. You recognize and
acknowledge that: (i) you will compete with other Papa Johns restaurants that are now, or that may in
the future be, located near or adjacent to your Territory; and (ii) that such Papa Johns restaurants may
be owned by us, our Affiliates or third parties. If you relocate the Restaurant, the Territory in our
sole discretion may be reduced, changed, altered or restricted. We make no assurance that the
Territory specified herein will be applicable to the new location, even if we have approved the new
location.

                (e)      Alternative Ordering Systems Area. We will of necessity define the trade
area for the Restaurant for Alternative Ordering Systems (“Alternative Order Area”) and such trade
area may be significantly different than the Territory and may change from time to time. You must
use reasonable efforts not to solicit sales within the defined Alternative Ordering trade area of
another Papa Johns restaurant. However, you acknowledge that such solicitations and sales may
occur in your trade area, including advertising spillover, directories, electronic media, direct mail
drops by sector or ZIP code and other advertising and that we have no duty to monitor, control or
stop such advertising, solicitations or sales. In determining which Papa Johns restaurant an online,
digital or other Alternative Ordering System order will be routed to, we will consider such matters
as we reasonably deem material, including: existing trade or delivery areas of Papa Johns restaurants
in geographic proximity to the address or customer placing the order; demographic characteristics
of the location of such proximate Papa Johns restaurants; traffic patterns and similar factors affecting
delivery efficiency; the opening or closing of other Papa Johns restaurants; and other commercial
characteristics of geographically proximate Papa Johns restaurants (collectively, the "Commercial
Considerations"). You acknowledge that such Commercial Considerations may result in changes
that remove particular addresses or groups of addresses or particular customers or groups of
customers from routing to your Restaurant and that online, digital or other systematized orders from
such addresses, groups of addresses, customers, or groups of customers may be re- routed to other
Papa Johns restaurants that are now, or that may in the future be, located near or adjacent to your
Restaurant, and that such Papa Johns restaurants may be owned by us, our Affiliates or third
parties. You acknowledge that if you relocate the Restaurant, the routing of online, digital or
systematized orders to your Restaurant may, in our sole discretion, be reduced, changed, altered or
restricted, even though we have approved the new location for the Restaurant. Subject to any factors
that are unique to electronic ordering or to our specific Alternative Ordering System, we will consider
the same factors in changing the Restaurant’s Alternative Order Area as set forth in Section 5.(h).
Provided we use reasonable judgment in considering these factors, you waive all rights to bring any
claim or cause of action against us for lost sales or profits as a result of our definition of your
Alternative Order Area, including any changes made from time to time.

                                                   8
