provide the accounting, bookkeeping, administrative, inventory control or marketing services
required for the operation of the Restaurant or to otherwise operate the Store. By providing advice
or suggestions, we do not assume any of your responsibilities or duties.

       12.     Products; QCC's; Menu.

                (a)    Products. You will use only those food items, ingredients, beverages,
cooking materials, containers, boxes, cups, packaging, menus, uniforms, and other products and
materials in the operation of the Restaurant as we specifically designate or approve. You shall
maintain all such products and materials in sufficient supply as to remain in compliance
with the standards of the System. You may be required to purchase from us certain products
that involve trade secrets or that have been specially prepared by us or at our direction or that we
consider to be integral to the System. We may require that certain products be purchased from
one or more designated suppliers. Products other than those required to be obtained from us or a
designated supplier may be purchased from any source, provided that the particular supplier and
products have been approved by us. We may, from time to time, amend the list of approved
products and suppliers. You acknowledge that we, our Affiliates or the Marketing Fund may, from
time to time, derive revenue from designated or approved suppliers based on the sale of products
to you and our other franchisees. We will disclose all such revenues and the identity of the
suppliers to you, but we are entitled to retain such revenues for our or our Affiliates’ own use and
credit without obligation to you.

                (b)     Quality Control Centers. PJ Food Service, Inc. ("PJFS") currently
supplies designated and approved products to Papa Johns restaurants owned by us or our Affiliates
and those of our franchisees from quality control centers that are owned and operated by either
PJFS or us (the "QCCs"). PJFS is currently the only designated supplier of dough and Papa Johns
proprietary pizza sauce for use by Papa Johns restaurants and you must purchase dough and pizza
sauce from PJFS or a designated representative unless and until such time as a successor supplier
of dough and/or pizza sauce is designated. PJFS has no obligation to continue supplying you or
to continue to operate a QCC. If PJFS ceases operating a QCC capable of supplying the Restaurant
or terminates service to you (other than as a result of the termination or expiration of the
Franchise), we will provide you with the name, address and phone number of an alternative
approved supplier(s) and the products to be purchased from such supplier(s). All purchases by
you from the QCCs are on the terms and reasonable delivery policies and procedures specified
from time to time by PJFS, including your provision of safe and unobstructed access to the
Restaurant for the purpose of effecting both attended and unattended deliveries, including dates
and times which may be designated by PJFS, which may include times when the Restaurant is
closed. PJFS, through us, hereby reserves the right to specify different terms for different
franchisees. We make no representations or warranties about any of the services performed by or
any of the products produced or sold by or through PJFS or any other designated supplier.

               (c)     Alternative Suppliers. If you desire to: (i) use any equipment, supplies or
other products not previously designated and approved by us; (ii) obtain designated products from
                                                26
