menu item.

                (f)    Pricing. You have the sole responsibility for establishing your prices,
provided however: (i) we may set mandatory maximum price points for national promotions to the
extent permitted by law; (ii) you will not make or collect any delivery charge or other separate
charge for delivered products, regardless of how named or characterized, without our reasonable
approval; and (iii) you will not enter into any agreement, arrangement or concerted practice with
any other person whatsoever, in violation of any applicable law relating to antitrust, restraint of
trade, unfair competition or unfair or deceptive trade practices.

                (g)    Service. You may not sell any items on a delivery basis and you may not
provide delivery service from the Restaurant without our consent, provided, that the foregoing
does not prohibit you from: (i) serving customers within the Location by any means other than
delivery via licensed motor vehicle; or (ii) transporting menu items to remote sales stations within
the Location from one or more centralized cooking or preparation stations within the Location,
other than by licensed motor vehicle.

       13.     Accounting and Reports.

                (a)    Accounting. We may lend to you and/or the person(s) who will be
preparing your reports and financial statements for each Period or year-end one or more manuals,
which manual(s) may contain mandatory and/or optional accounting procedures, forms, chart of
accounts and other items deemed relevant or necessary by us. You must direct your
bookkeeper/accountant to follow all mandatory policies, procedures, forms, formats and other
items set forth in such manuals. The accounting manual(s) constitute part of the "Manuals" as
defined in this Agreement.

               (b)      Recordkeeping. You must: (i) establish and maintain accounting and
record keeping systems substantially in accordance with the specifications and procedures
provided by us and as amended from time to time, including maintaining accounting records on a
basis enabling or facilitating reporting to us according to monthly or multi-week periods
designated by us (each such accounting period is referred to as "Period"); (ii) make all such records
available to us upon request; and (iii) maintain and preserve, for at least five years from the date
of preparation, full, complete and accurate books, records and accounts.

                (c)      Periodic Reports. Upon our request, you will deliver to us complete copies
of: (i) a statement, in the form prescribed by us, of the revenues and expenses of the Restaurant
for the immediately preceding Period; and (ii) such other records and reports as are requested by
us, including bank statements, sales and expense forms and reports, and a current balance sheet in
the form reasonably required by us or our Affiliates. Any such reports should clearly identify
revenue, expenses, and other data requested of the Restaurant, and such information shall not be
combined with information for any other business you may operate, including any other Papa


                                                 28
