Section 16 or 17 is being breached by you, including any period in which we or you are seeking
arbitral or judicial enforcement, interpretation or modification of any such covenant, and all appeals
thereof, the Restricted Period will toll and be suspended. You will be bound to the maximum extent
permitted by law that is subsumed within the terms of any provision hereof, as though it were
separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may result from the striking of any
provision hereof by a court or arbitrator, or that a court or arbitrator holds to be unenforceable in a
final decision to which we are a party, or that may result from reducing the scope of any provision
to the extent required to comply with a court order, arbitral award or decision or with any applicable
state or federal law, whether currently in effect or subsequently enacted.

               (b) Construction. All references herein to the masculine, neuter or singular must
be construed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter or plural, as the case may require. All
acknowledgements, warranties, representations, covenants, agreements and obligations herein
made or undertaken by you will be deemed jointly and severally undertaken by all those executing
this Agreement as you. All uses of the words “include”, “includes” and “including” mean
“including but not limited to” or “including without limitation.”

                (c)    Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the documents incorporated herein by
reference and the Exhibits attached hereto, constitute the entire agreement between the parties, and
all prior understandings or agreements concerning the subject matter hereof are canceled and
superseded by this Agreement, provided, nothing in this Agreement is intended to disclaim any
representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document that we furnished to you in connection
with the offer and sale of Papa Johns franchises. The Exhibits to this Agreement are incorporated
herein by reference and made a part hereof as if set out in full herein.

                 (d)    Affiliate. As used in this Agreement, the term "Affiliate" means any person
or entity that is owned or controlled by us or that owns or controls us or is under common control
with us, directly or through one or more intermediaries.

               (e)    Amendments. Except for those permitted to be made unilaterally by us, no
supplement, amendment or variation of the terms of this Agreement will be valid unless made in
writing and signed by the parties hereto.

                (f)    Waivers. No failure by us to exercise any right given to us hereunder or to
insist upon strict compliance by you with any obligation, agreement or undertaking hereunder, and
no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, constitutes a waiver of our
right to demand full and exact compliance by you with the terms hereof. Waiver by us of any
particular default by you does not affect or impair our rights with respect to any subsequent default
of the same or of a different nature, nor will any delay or omission by us to exercise any right
arising from such default affect or impair our rights as to such default or any subsequent default.

              (g)     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together constitute one and the same
instrument.

               (h)    Headings. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only,
and the paragraphs will be interpreted as if such headings were omitted.
                                                -51
