you, if any, against any payment therefor.

You are also hereby obligated to comply with the other covenants contained in this Agreement that
expressly or necessarily by their terms survive the expiration, termination or transfer of this
Agreement, including the covenants not to disclose trade secrets or confidential information
contained in Sections 16 and 17.

       (b)     Asset Purchase Option.

                (i)     Option. Upon termination of this Agreement by us, upon termination of this
Agreement by you without cause or upon expiration of this Agreement, we have the option,
exercisable by giving written notice thereof within 15 days from the date of such expiration or
termination, to purchase from you all (except as otherwise provided in this Section) the assets used
in the Restaurant. Assets subject to this purchase option include leasehold improvements,
equipment (including hardware and ancillary equipment components of the Information System),
furniture, fixtures, signs and inventory for the Restaurant, but not any real property. We have the
unrestricted right to assign this option to purchase. We or our assignee are entitled to all customary
warranties and representations given by the seller of a business, including representations and
warranties as to: (A) ownership, condition and title to assets; (B) liens and encumbrances relating
to the assets; and (C) validity of contracts and liabilities inuring to us or affecting the assets,
contingent or otherwise.

                (ii)    Purchase Price. The purchase price for the assets of the Restaurant will be
the fair market value thereof, determined as of the date of termination or expiration of this
Agreement in a manner consistent with reasonable depreciation of leasehold improvements owned
by you and the equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs and inventory of the Restaurant, provided that
the purchase price will not contain any factor or increment for any trademark, service mark or
other commercial symbol used in connection with the operation of the Restaurant, any goodwill
or "going concern" value for the Restaurant or any value for computer software or other proprietary
information of ours that is merely lent or licensed to you and which you are obligated to cease
using and/or return to us upon expiration or termination of the Franchise; and further provided that
we may exclude from the assets purchased hereunder any equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs and
inventory that do not, as determined by us in our sole discretion, meet quality standards for Papa
Johns restaurants. If you and we are unable to agree on the fair market value of the assets, the fair
market value will be determined by an independent appraiser selected by us and you. If you and
we are unable to agree on a single appraiser, each party must select one appraiser, who must select
a third appraiser, and the fair market value will be the average of the three independent appraisals.
The fees and costs of such appraiser or appraisers will be borne equally by you and us. Except as
provided above, nothing contained herein restricts the manner in which the appraisers so selected
value the leasehold improvements, equipment, furniture, fixtures, signs and inventory.


                                                 46
