identification of your business in any electronic medium without our express written consent. You
will not use any trademark, trade name, service mark, logo, slogan or emblem that we have not
authorized for use in connection with the Restaurant, including any co-branding or cross-
promotional efforts containing the name, trademark, service mark, logo or emblem of any third
party without our approval or use the Marks or Copyrighted Works in any advertisements that
infringe the intellectual property rights of a third-party. You will obtain such fictitious or assumed
name registrations as required by applicable state law and forward to us copies of the same upon
request.

                (d)    Designation as You. You will identify yourself as the owner of the
Franchise in conjunction with the use of the Marks, including on checks, invoices, receipts,
letterhead and contracts, as well as at conspicuous locations on the Premises in a form that specifies
your name, followed by the phrase "an independently owned and operated franchise" or such other
phrase as we direct.

               (e)     Discontinuance of Use; Additional Marks and/or Copyrights. You must
modify or discontinue use of any Mark or Copyrighted Work if a court of competent jurisdiction
or other governing body orders it and do so within the timeframe required by such court or
governing body, or if we in our sole discretion deem it necessary or advisable. You will comply
with our directions regarding any such Mark or Copyrighted Work within 30 days after receipt of
notice from us. You will also use such additional or substitute Marks or Copyrighted Works as we
direct. We will not be obligated to compensate you for any costs or expenses incurred by you to
modify or discontinue using any Mark or Copyrighted Work or to adopt additional or substitute
Copyrighted Works or Marks.

       8.      Advertising.

               (a)    Contributions and Expenditures. Recognizing the value of advertising
and the importance of the standardization of advertising to the furtherance of the goodwill and
public image of the System, each month during the Term, you will make the following
contributions and expenditures for advertising, marketing and promotion of the Papa Johns brand:

                      (i)    You will contribute to the Marketing Fund 25% of such amount as
designated from time to time as the contribution rate for standard Papa Johns restaurants.

                      (ii)    You will contribute an amount equal to 25% of such amount as
designated from time to time as the contribution rate of standard Papa Johns restaurants within the
Cooperative, provided if you own more than 80% of the Restaurants in the Cooperative, you will
not be required to make the Cooperative contribution on behalf of this Non-Traditional Location.



                                                 14
