reasonably prescribe. Changes to any building plan or signage without our prior written consent will
be a violation of this Agreement. You must maintain the interior and exterior in accordance with our
brand standard specifications as we may reasonably prescribe. Prior to the opening of the Restaurant
or within thirty (30) days of a remodel of the Premises, you shall provide to us a copy of the final
Health Inspection and Certificate of Occupancy issued by the relevant authorities.

               (b)        Signs. You must prominently display, at your expense, the interior and
exterior signs per our brand specifications in the form, color, number, location and size, and
containing Marks, logos and designs that we designate. Such signs must be obtained from a source
designated or approved by us. You must obtain all permits and licenses required for such signs and
you are responsible for ensuring that all signs comply with all applicable laws and ordinances. You
shall not display in or upon the Premises any sign that was not approved by Papa Johns.

                 (c)      Information System. You must: (1) acquire, maintain and use in the
operation of the Restaurant the "Information System" (as defined below) for the Restaurant and the
right to use, for the Term, the "Designated Software" (as defined below) in the manner specified by
us; (2) obtain any and all hardware, peripheral equipment and accessories, arrange for any and all
support services and take all other actions that may be necessary to prepare or enable the Information
System and the Designated Software to operate as specified by us (including installation of electrical
wiring and data cabling, and temperature and humidity controls); and (3) install and use the
Designated Software on the Information System, and use such items solely in the operation of the
Restaurant in the manner specified by us. You are responsible for all costs associated with the
foregoing, including but not limited to transportation, installation, sales, use, excise and similar
taxes, site preparation and disposal of retired hardware. You must operate only Designated Software
on the Information System. The Designated Software, and all additions, modifications and
enhancements thereto, constitute "confidential information," and are subject to the provisions of
Section 17 of this Agreement.

                     (i)     Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms listed below
have the meanings that follow them.

                             (A)      "Designated Software" - The software, programming and
services that we specify or require from time to time for use by you in the Restaurant. The
Designated Software may consist of and/or contain either or both of the following:

                                      (1)     Packaged Software. Software purchased and licensed
       from us or a third party and/or third-party subcomponents that we have the authority to
       license or sell to you ("Packaged Software") pursuant to and in accordance with agreements
       that we enter into with such third-party vendors (collectively, the "Packaged Software
       Agreements").

                                     (2)      Proprietary Programs.         Proprietary computer
       software programs that we develop or cause to be developed and that are owned by us or
       licensed exclusively to us and that we designate for use on the Information System in the

                                                  21
