other commercial, personal, family or household purposes. Lessee shall not make any alterations
to the Equipment without the prior written consent of PJUSA.

       7.     Repairs and Maintenance. Lessee shall, at its own cost and expense, maintain the
Equipment in good working order and make any and all repairs necessary to maintain the
Equipment in good working order during the Term. Lessee shall follow the service procedures
provided by the manufacturer of the Equipment.

         8.     Risk of Loss; Insurance; Indemnification. Lessee shall assume and bear the risk
of loss or damage to the Equipment at all times until the time the Equipment is delivered to PJUSA
upon termination and/or revocation of this Lease (if delivery of such Equipment to PJUSA is
applicable in such circumstances). Throughout the Term and until possession of the Equipment is
returned to PJUSA, Lessee shall keep the Equipment insured against all risks of loss in an amount
not less than the replacement cost of the Equipment and PJUSA shall be listed as an additional
insured and/or loss payee on such policy or policies of insurance. Lessee shall also carry general
commercial liability insurance covering the Equipment and Lessee’s use thereof, naming PJUSA
as an additional insured thereunder. Lessee shall indemnify and defend PJUSA, together with its
affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents, employees and shareholders against, and
hold each and all of them harmless from, all claims, liabilities, costs, damages and expenses arising
from or related to Lessee’s possession, use or operation of the Equipment, including without
limitation, claims for damage to property or injury to persons. Lessee indemnification obligations
hereunder shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease.

        9.     Condition of Equipment. PJUSA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. Lessee agrees to look solely to the manufacturer for any warranty that may be offered.
Lessee shall be responsible for reviewing and understanding any warranty that may be offered by
the manufacturer and making any claims under such warranty directly with such manufacturer in
accordance with the manufacturer warranty policies. Under no circumstances shall PJUSA be
responsible or liable to Lessee or any other party for lost profits, or consequential or incidental
damages, even if advised of the possibility thereof, and Lessee hereby waives any claim against
PJUSA for any such losses or damages. Lessee shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining
any and all necessary or appropriate governmental approvals or permits for the installation and use
of the Equipment, including ventilation.

       10.     Assignment; Sublease. Lessee shall have no right to assign this Lease or to
sublease the Equipment without the prior written consent of PJUSA.

       11.     Default. Lessee shall be in default under this Lease if:

               a.    Lessee is declared in default of the Franchise Agreement, any other
franchise agreements between Lessee and PJF, the Development Agreement, or the lease for the
Restaurant premises;



                                                 2
