                                                                Number
  PAPA JOHNS & Design                                       90/731,174                   05/24/2021
  PAPA JOHNS & Design                                       90/731,366                   05/24/2021




  PAPA JOHNS BETTER INGREDIENTS.                            90/738,616                   05/27/2021
  BETTER PIZZA. & Design
  PAPA JOHNS BETTER INGREDIENTS.                            90/738,639                   05/27/2021
  BETTER PIZZA. & Design

  PAPA JOHNS                                                98/222,428                    10/13/2023


         There are no currently effective material determinations of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office,
the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, nor are
there any pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings or material litigation, involving
the Marks. PJ Indiana acquired all rights in the trademark "PAPA JOHN’S" under an Assignment
Agreement dated April 4, 1991, between it and Papa John's, Inc., an unrelated Wisconsin
corporation. Under the Assignment Agreement, PJ Indiana was assigned ownership of the federal
registration of this trademark and all rights to use this mark in all states. PJ Indiana filed the Assignment
Agreement with the Patent and Trademark Office. There are no agreements currently in effect that
significantly limit our right to use or license the use of the Marks in any manner material to the
franchise. As described in Item 11, we have licensed the Marketing Fund to use the Marks.

         Your right to use the Marks granted under the Franchise Agreement is non-exclusive, and we
retain the right, among others: (a) to use the Marks in connection with selling products and services;
(b) to grant others licenses for the Marks, in addition to those licenses already granted to existing
franchisees; and (c) to develop and establish other systems using the same or similar Marks, or any other
proprietary marks, and to grant licenses or franchises in those systems without providing any rights to
you.

        Any and all of your usage of the Marks and any goodwill that you establish is to our exclusive
benefit and you retain no right in the Marks upon the termination or expiration of the Franchise
Agreement. Unless we approve, you may not use the Marks as a part of any corporate or trade name, or
as part of any e-mail address, domain name or other identification of your business in any electronic
medium, nor may you use any trade name, trademark, service mark, emblem or logo other than the Marks,
as we may designate. You must prominently display the Marks on such items with our approval and in
the manner we designate, including, but not limited to, signs, plastic or paper products and other supplies
and packaging materials. You must obtain such fictitious or assumed name registrations as we require or
as required under applicable law. You must identify yourself as the owner of the Restaurant by placing
your name on the Restaurant and on all checks, invoices, receipts, contracts and other documents that
bear any of the Marks, and on all printed materials your name must be followed by the phrase "an
independently owned and operated franchise" or such other phrase as we direct.

        You must immediately notify us of any information that you acquire about any actual or
threatened infringement of the Marks or the use by others of names, marks or logos that are the same as
or similar to any of the marks. You must cooperate with us in any suit, claim or proceeding involving
the Marks. We, in our sole discretion, will control all decisions concerning the Marks. We have no
                                                   - 54 -
