Replacements. You must at all times to maintain the Restaurant in accordance with our standards,
and, within 90 days from the date of written notice from us, remodel or re-equip or perform
maintenance at the Restaurant in accordance with the specifications we provide. Such maintenance,
remodeling and re-equipping may include: replacing worn out, obsolete, or dated equipment,
fixtures, furnishings and signs; structural modifications; painting and; and purchasing more efficient
or improved equipment. We may order and ship replacement equipment at your cost for any end of
useful life equipment that is not replaced as required herein, for which a notice of default under
Section 19 has been sent and left uncured, and for which we reasonably believe could harm the
System. We may require you to perform maintenance and remodeling and to purchase equipment at
such times as we deem necessary and reasonable; provided, that we may not require any significant
remodeling of the Restaurant during the first two years of the Term (this restriction is not applicable
to any Renewal Term even if a new Franchise Agreement is executed in connection with the
renewal of the Franchise). You must use a licensed commercial general contractor for any repairs
or remodels of the Restaurant and provide us with their applicable contract information and proof
of liability insurance upon request. You acknowledge that we cannot estimate the costs of future
maintenance, enhancements, modifications, and replacements to the Restaurant, equipment,
signage, the Information System or other items. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT EQUIPMENT,
ADDITIONS, ENHANCEMENTS, ALTERATIONS, MAINTENANCE AND RENOVATIONS
REQUIRED BY US MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT BY YOU
DURING THE TERM.

       11.      Operations; Standards of Quality; Inspections.

                (a)     Principal Operator. You must designate an individual to serve as the
"Principal Operator" of the Restaurant, provided, if you are developing and operating multiple
Restaurants pursuant to a Development Agreement, you need designate only one Principal Operator
for your operation, not one for each Restaurant. The Principal Operator must meet the following
qualifications:

                        (i)      The Principal Operator must own at least a 5% equity interest in you;
provided that you will not be in default of this requirement if the Principal Operator is entitled to a
bonus of not less than 5% of the net profits of the Restaurant, payable after the end of each Period,
and also has the right to acquire not less than a 5% equity interest in you within 12 months of his or
her hire date, which rights must be evidenced by a written agreement between the Principal Operator
and you. You must provide us with a copy of any such agreement upon request. Once the Principal
Operator has acquired an equity interest in you, he or she must continue to own that interest (or a
greater interest) during the entire period he or she serves as the Principal Operator.

                     (ii)    The Principal Operator must agree to be bound by the confidentiality
and non-competition provisions of the Owner Agreement. At such time as the Principal Operator
becomes an owner of an interest in you, he or she must agree to be bound by all the provisions of
the Owner Agreement.




                                                  26
