35 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
permit your affiliate or management company to sign) any lease or other agreement that we have 
not approved. 
If you or your management company do not have in-house technology services support, 
you must contract with a third party technology consultant that meets our qualifications for 
“break/fix” support.  You must also use our designated cyber end point protection and web filtering 
tools and enter into agreements with suppliers of such services, as applicable. 
You currently must use our designated third party provider of travel agent commission 
program services.  This provider calculates travel agent commissions, remits them to travel agents 
and collects them from participating hotels.  You also must use our designated provider of quality 
assurance and inspection services.  Except as described in this Item or in Item 5 or 6, there 
currently are no goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and 
software, real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the Hotel that you 
must buy from us, our affiliates, or designated or approved suppliers.  Except for The Living 
Company, which may provide some FF&E to Brand Hotels, none of our officers currently owns 
an interest in any supplier to Brand Hotel franchisees. 
However, you must buy or lease most other products and services for your Hotel according 
to our System Standards.  We issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our 
affiliates’ and our franchisees’ experience in operating Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network 
Hotels.  Our standards and specifications may impose minimum requirements for delivery, 
performance, reputation, prices, quality, design, and appearance, among other factors.  You must 
ensure that the Hotel strictly complies with all applicable laws and maintains adequate insurance 
policy coverage in the amounts that we periodically specify.  Our System Standards or other 
communications will identify our standards and specifications and/or names of approved suppliers. 
If you wish to obtain any FF&E, supplies, or other goods and services from a source that 
we have not previously approved as meeting our System Standards (for those items that require 
supplier approval), you must send us a written request with any information and samples we 
consider necessary to determine whether the product, service and source meet our then current 
criteria.  If you comply with our processes and procedures, we will respond to your request within 
a reasonable time period (typically 30 days) after receiving all information we request.  We may 
charge you our costs to review your request and evaluate the product, service and/or source.  We 
may condition our approval on standards and requirements relating to quality, quantity, warranties, 
prices, volume capability, frequency of delivery, distribution methods and locations, standards of 
service (including prompt attention to complaints), consistency, reliability, financial capability, 
labor and customer relations, the willingness and ability to comply with our vendor compliance 
guide and other criteria.  We may modify our System Standards in this area as we deem best.  We 
may, at our option, revoke our approval of certain goods, services or sources if they fail to continue 
to meet our System Standards.  We may designate a particular source for, or model or brand of, 
FF&E, supplies or other goods or services that we (in our sole judgment) determine to be critical 
to the Hotel System. 
If the Hyatt Group receives any payments from vendors or service providers whose costs 
are included as part of System Services Costs, the Hyatt Group currently will offset them against 
System Services Costs.  We and our affiliates may receive rebates, commissions, payments, 
