33 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
aesthetics to be reflected, and the systems to be installed at the Hotel, so the Hotel can be opened 
and operated as a Brand Hotel.  We and Hyatt Corporation are the only approved suppliers for 
these services if you are constructing a new Hotel.  We also provide IT Project Management 
Services and other technology-related services as well as PMS hosting services.   
You must use the Opera PMS at the Hotel.  You must sign the Hosting Services Agreement 
(Exhibit K) (the “Hosting Services Agreement”) and engage us to host the PMS remotely.  We 
will provide services necessary to install access to the PMS at the Hotel under the Franchise 
Agreement.  You must also sign an agreement with our designated supplier to provide connectivity 
services and training for the PMS.  If your Hotel is in Hawaii or Puerto Rico, under certain 
circumstances (with our approval), we may permit you to self-host the PMS at the Hotel. 
System Services 
Mandatory Services and Non Mandatory Services comprise the System Services.  If you 
are in full compliance with your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, we or one or more 
members of the Hyatt Group will provide you those System Services that we periodically specify.  
You must participate in all Mandatory Services and related programs and may (at your option) 
participate in any or all Non-Mandatory Services and related programs, in the manner that we 
periodically specify.  You must acquire all Mandatory Services (as we periodically modify them) 
only from a member of the Hyatt Group.  We may periodically add to, delete from, and otherwise 
modify these System Services, and the scope of and manner of providing System Services, upon 
notice to you.  Also, due to the differences in products, services, markets and hospitality 
experiences among Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels, we may, where we deem 
appropriate in our judgment:  (a) classify certain System Services as Mandatory Services for the 
Hotel which we classify as Non-Mandatory Services or do not offer to other Brand Hotels and/or 
other Hyatt Network Hotels; (b) not provide to the Hotel certain System Services that we provide 
to other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels; and (c) limit the scope of those System 
Services provided to franchised Brand Hotels, such as by limiting the access that franchised Brand 
Hotels have to certain customer and other proprietary information for Hyatt Network Hotels other 
than the Hotel.  We describe the current System Services and the current charges for those System 
Services in Item 6, including all of the services offered pursuant to the Central Services Agreement, 
which are generally Non-Mandatory Services but in certain circumstances may be designated as 
Mandatory Services as a condition of our approval of the Hotel’s management company, as 
consideration for other items negotiated as part of the Franchise Agreement, or as part of the 
requirements of the Quality Assurance and Compliance Program. 
Avendra, LLC (“Avendra”) is a products and services sourcing company that offers volume 
contracts to its customer hotels on a variety of FF&E and other items used in hotel operations, 
including food and beverage equipment and supplies (such as branded and commodity programs), 
operating equipment and supplies (such as linens, pillows, terry, and light bulbs), and other 
products and services (such as printing and stationery, logoed items, chemicals, and pest 
elimination), at competitive prices that Avendra negotiates.  You determine whether, and the extent 
to which, your Hotel will use Avendra’s services.  However, if you choose not to use Avendra, 
you might find it impracticable to purchase certain products for the Hotel (such as bathroom 
amenities made specifically for Hyatt Network Hotels) elsewhere. 
