65 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
working time at the Hotel fulfilling their management and operational responsibilities and may not 
concurrently maintain a position at another lodging facility or in any other capacity related to the 
lodging industry. 
If you or your approved management company choose to retain a revenue manager for the 
Hotel, we must certify the revenue manager within 90 days after the revenue manager’s date of 
hire or, if already employed by you or your approved management company, within 90 days after 
the date the revenue manager begins providing revenue management services to the Hotel.  
Revenue managers must: (a) provide revenue management services to no more than 20 Brand 
Hotels; (b) meet our then current qualification criteria and complete all required revenue 
management training courses to our satisfaction; and (c) have authorized access to our reservation 
system and the other systems and software necessary to perform revenue management functions.  
Although you may retain third parties to consult on revenue management matters, only you, a 
management company we approve, or a certified revenue manager employed by you or your 
approved management company can access our revenue management systems and the data 
contained in our revenue management systems. 
A Core Management team who has satisfactorily completed our initial training program 
must devote all of its business time to supervising the Hotel’s day-to-day operations.  Your Hotel’s 
general manager and other Core Management personnel need not have an equity interest in the 
Hotel or in you.   
Guaranty and Guarantor Monetary Threshold 
We expect that only business entities, and not individuals, will sign our Franchise 
Agreement.  You must cause one or more of the direct and indirect owners (whether they are 
individuals or business entities) of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined below) in you which 
we specify to sign the form of Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee’s Obligations attached to 
the Franchise Agreement (the “Guaranty”).  Under the Guaranty, these owners must personally 
guaranty all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and be personally bound by, and 
personally liable for the breach of, every provision of the Franchise Agreement, both monetary 
and non-monetary, including the confidentiality and arbitration obligations.   
In addition, each owner that signs the Guaranty must agree, and you must ensure, that at 
least one guarantor will satisfy the Guarantor Monetary Threshold at all times during the Franchise 
Agreement’s term.  The “Guarantor Monetary Threshold” means each of the following: (a) total 
assets less total liabilities (excluding Hotel assets and liabilities relating solely to the Hotel), each 
as calculated according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, in the minimum amount 
of the guarantor net worth minimum listed in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement; and (b) 
liquid assets (consisting of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities) in the minimum 
amount of the guarantor liquidity minimum listed in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement.  We 
will determine the amount of the Guarantor Monetary Threshold as of the Franchise Agreement’s 
effective date based on information we deem relevant, including the Hotel’s size, the market in 
which the Hotel will operate, and our assessment of our risk or exposure in the transaction.  We 
will list the initial Guarantor Monetary Threshold in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement 
before we and you sign it.  The Guarantor Monetary Threshold will increase automatically each 
year of the Franchise Agreement’s term, without notice from us, effective on the first day of the 
