73 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
Provision
Section in franchise 
or other agreement
Summary
w. Choice of law 
14.2 of Franchise 
Agreement; 8C of 
Confidentiality 
Agreement; 16 of 
Hosting Services 
Agreement; 11 of 
Central Services 
Agreement 
Except for Federal Arbitration Act and other 
federal law, and subject to state law, Illinois law 
applies. 
Item 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise. 
Item 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or 
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a 
reasonable basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  
Financial performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only 
if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or 
(2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location under particular circumstances. 
We do not make any representations about a franchisee’s future financial performance or 
the past financial performance of company-owned or franchised outlets.  We also do not authorize 
our employees or representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing.  If 
you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that 
outlet.  If you receive any other financial performance information or projections of your future 
income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by contacting Dan Hansen, our Head 
of Americas Development, at 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, (312) 750-1234, 
the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies. 
Item 20 
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION 
All numbers appearing in the tables below are as of December 31 in each year.  We include 
both Brand Hotels that our affiliates own and operate, and Brand Hotels that our affiliates manage 
for third-party owners under management agreements, as “company-owned” Brand Hotels.  We 
count Brand Hotels in which our affiliates have at least a 50% equity interest in the hotel’s 
ownership entity as “company-owned” hotels that our affiliates own and operate for purposes of 
