47 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
Network including HyattConnect, SharePoint Knowledge Network, E-Mail, User Identity Access 
Management, Learning Management Systems and Wide Area Network and Remote Access 
support.  We will have independent, unlimited access to the information that the Technology 
System generates and tracks.  (Sections 4.3, 4.4 and 7.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
Hotel Opening 
If you are developing a new Brand Hotel, including by adapting an existing building to a 
new use as a hotel, we estimate that you will open the Hotel approximately 20 to 36 months after 
paying the application fee. If you are converting an existing hotel from another brand to a Brand 
Hotel, we estimate that you will open the Hotel approximately 9 to 12 months after paying the 
application fee.  The interval depends on the time it takes for you to finalize acquisition of the 
Hotel’s premises (if applicable) and sign the Franchise Agreement, the suitability of the site, 
weather, the location and condition of the premises (including the premises’ former use) and the 
construction schedule for the Hotel.  You must open and begin operating the Hotel within 24 
months after signing the Franchise Agreement for new Brand Hotels and 6 months after signing 
the Franchise Agreement for converted hotels (unless we agree to a longer period before we and 
you sign the Franchise Agreement).  You also must meet various interim deadlines for the Hotel’s 
development.  If you do not meet these requirements, then you must pay the $10,000 extension fee 
to us and request an extension, which we may grant or deny at our option.  If we approve the 
extension, we will set a new opening deadline, the extension fee is non-refundable, and we may 
(at our option) require you to modify any previously-approved detailed plans or the PIP (as 
applicable), to comply with the then current design, equipment and other aspects of the Hotel 
System.  If you do not open the Hotel by the required completion date, we may terminate the 
Franchise Agreement.  
You may not open or begin operating the Hotel under the Proprietary Marks until we have 
notified you in writing that:  (1) you have properly developed and equipped the Hotel in 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement and all applicable laws; (2) Hotel personnel have 
completed all pre-opening training to our satisfaction; (3) you have paid all amounts then due to 
us and our affiliates; (4) you have obtained all required certificates of occupancy, licenses and 
permits to operate the Hotel; (5) you have given us evidence of insurance coverage and payment 
of premiums we request; (6) you have given us certifications concerning the Hotel’s construction; 
and (7) we have conducted a pre-opening inspection and approved the Hotel for opening under the 
Proprietary Marks.  You must open and begin operating the Hotel under the Proprietary Marks 
within 10 days after receiving our authorization, which we will not unreasonably withhold or 
delay.  We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not meet these deadlines.  Our 
determination that you have met all of our pre-opening requirements is not a representation or 
warranty, express or implied, that the Hotel complies with any laws or is safe for occupancy, nor 
will such determination act as a waiver of your non-compliance, or our right to demand full 
compliance, with our pre-opening requirements or any other provision of the Franchise 
Agreement.  You must indemnify us for costs and expenses we incur because of your failure to 
open on time, including amounts we pay to customers whose reservations are canceled.  (Sections 
2.1 to 2.6 of Franchise Agreement)   
You must and must cause your lessees and your affiliates and their respective lessees to: 
(a) develop, maintain and operate all Non-Hotel Components within the Mixed-Use Site (as 
