Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
Item 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we,” “us” or “our” means Hyatt 
Franchising, L.L.C., the franchisor.  “You” means the entity acquiring a franchise.  One or more 
of the owners of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined in Item 15) in you who we specify must 
sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, which means that all provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement (Exhibit C) also will apply to those owners.  We expect that only entities, and not 
individuals, will acquire our franchises. 
Our Company History and Parent 
We incorporated in Delaware as Hyatt Franchise Corporation and converted under 
Delaware law to Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  This change in 
form did not affect our existence as an operating business entity.  Our principal business address 
is 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606.  If we have an agent for service of process 
in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit D.  We do business only under our company name 
and the Proprietary Marks (defined below).  We have never operated a Brand Hotel (defined 
below), but some of our affiliates do.  We have no predecessors and no business activities that are 
not described here.  Our parent company is Hyatt Hotels Corporation, whose principal business 
address is the same as our address.   
We have offered franchises for select service, lifestyle hotels under the Caption by Hyatt® 
brand since September 2019.  We have offered franchises for full service, lifestyle hotels under 
the Hyatt Centric® brand since February 2015.  We offered franchises for full service hotels under 
the Hyatt Regency® name from December 1994 until April 1997 and have again offered those 
franchises since September 2006.  We offered franchises for full service hotels under the Hyatt® 
name (without a sub-brand) from December 1994 until April 1997 and again from September 2006 
until January 2015.  We previously offered (but no longer intend to offer) franchises for full service 
hotels under the Thompson® name from December 2018 to August 2021.  There currently are 9 
full service hotels which operate under the Hyatt name (without a sub-brand), 7 of which are 
franchised.  We also have offered franchises for unique, up-scale accommodations and hospitality 
affiliations operating in the United States under their own names but associated with The Unbound 
Collection by Hyatt® name since June 2016.  We began offering franchises for “lifestyle” hotels 
operating in the United States under the brand names “Destination®” and “joie de vivre®” (also 
referred to as “JdV®”) in May 2019.  We now refer to these brands as “Destination by Hyatt®” 
and “JdV by Hyatt®,” respectively.  We have offered franchises for upper-midscale, extended stay 
hotels operating in the United States under the brand name “Hyatt Studios™” since May 2023.  
We have never offered franchises in any other line of business.   
Franchise Rights for Brand Hotels 
We grant franchises for, and some of our affiliates operate, select service hotels that use 
the Hotel System (defined below) and are identified by the Proprietary Marks (“Brand Hotels”).  
Brand Hotels are select service, urban lifestyle hotels with attractively-designed, modern rooms 
incorporating state-of-the-art technology, design and entertainment components.  They typically 
are in primary and secondary cities and offer free high-speed Internet access, a fitness center, and 
