 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Hyatt Hotels Corporation 
Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hyatt Hotels Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 
2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests, and cash flows, for each of the 
three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively 
referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company 
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in 
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial 
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to 
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such 
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating 
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Critical Audit Matters 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required 
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our 
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial 
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on 
the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
Deferred Revenue Related to the Loyalty Program – Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description 
The Company operates the loyalty program for the benefit of the Hyatt portfolio of properties during the period of their participation in the loyalty program. 
The Company's estimate of the value of the deferred revenue liability related to the loyalty program ("the liability") is $1,333 million as of December 31, 2024 
and is actuarially determined based on the anticipated timing of future point redemptions, including an estimate of the breakage for points that will not be 
redeemed. Changes in the estimates used in the determination of the liability could result in a material change to the liability. 
Given the subjectivity of the Company's breakage assumption, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of this estimate involved a higher 
degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists in performing audit procedures over the 
liability. 
