31 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar regulatory agency (whether within or 
outside the United States) having jurisdiction over the sale of securities. 
(b)
Private Placement Offering Materials.  With respect to any private 
placement of ownership interests in Franchisee or any Owner, Franchisee agrees to submit 
all Offering Materials to Hyatt for its prior approval.  No Offering Materials may imply or 
state (by use of the Proprietary Marks or otherwise) that Hyatt or its Affiliate is 
participating as an underwriter, issuer, or Franchisee’s (or its Owner’s) representative, 
suggest that Hyatt or its Affiliate endorses the offering or agrees with any financial 
projections, or otherwise contain any information about Hyatt or its Affiliates, this 
Agreement, Hyatt’s relationship with Franchisee or the network of Brand Hotels or other 
Hyatt Network Hotels (other than the Hotel) that Hyatt disapproves.  Hyatt’s review and 
approval of the Offering Materials is not its endorsement of the offering or representation 
that Franchisee or its Owner is complying with applicable laws.  Franchisee must pay Hyatt 
a non-refundable fee equal to Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) to review the proposed 
Offering Materials.  Hyatt may require changes to the Offering Materials for the purposes 
specified above and has the right to request and receive a full indemnification from all 
participants in the offering before issuing Hyatt’s consent. 
12.9
Non-Waiver of Claims.  Hyatt’s consent to a transfer is not a representation of the 
fairness of the terms of any contract between Franchisee (or its Owners) and the transferee, a 
guarantee of the Hotel’s or transferee’s prospects of success, or a waiver of any claims Hyatt has 
against Franchisee (or its Owners) or of Hyatt’s right to demand the transferee’s full compliance 
with this Agreement or any other agreement with Franchisee or the transferee. 
12.10 Transfer by Hyatt.  Franchisee represents that Franchisee has not signed this 
Agreement in reliance on any particular direct or indirect owner, officer or employee remaining 
with Hyatt in that capacity.  Hyatt may change its ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement 
and any other agreement to a third party without restriction.  After Hyatt’s assignment of this 
Agreement to a third party who expressly assumes the obligations under this Agreement, Hyatt no 
longer will have any performance or other obligations under this Agreement.  Such an assignment 
shall constitute a release of Hyatt and a novation with respect to this Agreement, and the assignee 
shall be liable to Franchisee as if it had been an original party to this Agreement. 
ARTICLE XIII 
SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE 
13.1
Right to a Successor Franchise Agreement.  When this Agreement expires, if 
Franchisee (and, as applicable, each Guarantor): (a) has substantially complied with this 
Agreement during its Term and is in full compliance with this Agreement (including all System 
Standards) as of the date upon which this Agreement expires; (b) then meets Hyatt’s then 
applicable standards for franchisees and owners of franchisees of Brand Hotels; (c) has received 
passing Quality Assurance Scores (as defined in the System Standards) on all evaluations 
conducted during the preceding three (3)-year period; and (d) has the right to maintain possession 
of the Hotel for at least ten (10) years following this Agreement’s expiration, then Hyatt will offer 
Franchisee the right to enter into a successor franchise agreement to continue operating the Hotel 
