Hyatt 2025 Franchise Application 
PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS 
Please send the application fee via wire transfer according to the wiring instructions below.  If you are unable to pay the 
application fee via wire transfer, please send a check to the business address listed below and include the property/project 
name in the memo field. 
Wire Transfer Information: 
Check Payment Information: 
Account Number: 
 87652-61131 
Hyatt Corporation 
Swift Code: 
 BOFAUS3N 
16417 Collections Center Drive 
Bank Address:
 New York, New York 
Chicago, Illinois 60693 
Account Name:
 Hyatt Corporation 
Bank Routing Number:  026009593 
Bank Name: 
 Bank of America 
You must indicate property/project name in memo field regardless of whether payment is by wire 
transfer or check.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Applicant and Franchisee represent and warrant that the information and materials contained in this Application (including 
the documents submitted with this Application to Hyatt before the date of this Application or later supplemented to this 
Application,) are or will be true, complete and current.  Franchisor shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any facts not 
contained in this Application or in the attached documents. 
Included with this Application is the application fee in the amount specified in the FDD or letter of intent.  Applicant hereby 
expressly acknowledges that acceptance and deposit of the application fee by Franchisor does not, in any respect, bind or 
obligate Franchisor to enter into a Franchise Agreement granting Applicant a franchise.  This Application is neither an offer 
of a franchise by Franchisor nor a contract for the acquisition of a franchise or any other rights to operate a Hyatt-affiliated 
Hotel. Applicant further acknowledges that the research, investigation, review and approval process and similar 
administrative functions of Franchisor constitute the sole and only consideration for the application fee submitted herewith.  
If Applicant withdraws this Application before Franchisor approves it, or if Franchisor does not approve this Application for 
any reason, Franchisor will refund Applicant’s application fee less a $5,000 fee to cover Franchisor’s costs associated with 
evaluating this Application; however, after Franchisor approves this Application, Applicant’s application fee is not refundable, 
even if Franchisor and Applicant do not sign a Franchise Agreement. 
