19 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
Section 2.7 of this Agreement, Franchisee must promptly provide notice to Hyatt if Franchisee or 
any Affiliate of Franchisee enters into any arrangement with a Lender and such arrangement has 
not been previously disclosed to Hyatt, including any refinancing with a new or existing Lender. 
Franchisee must provide Hyatt copies of all ground leases, subleases and other arrangements with 
any Ground Lessor.  Franchisee must promptly send Hyatt a copy of any notices of default, 
termination, or other exercise of any default rights or remedies that Franchisee receives from or 
delivers to any Lender or Ground Lessor, together with all other information that Hyatt reasonably 
requests relating to any such defaults or termination.  Franchisee agrees that Hyatt may, at its 
option and without breaching any rights of or obligations to Franchisee, have discussions and share 
information with any Lender, Ground Lessor, supplier or other vendor concerning the Hotel or 
Franchisee.  
7.3
Other Actions or Events.  Franchisee must notify Hyatt in writing within ten (10) 
days after Franchisee receives information or documentation about any lawsuit, action, or 
proceeding, or the issuance of any injunction, award, or decree of any court, quasi-judicial body, 
or governmental agency, that might adversely affect the Hotel, Franchisee’s ability to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement, or Franchisee’s financial condition. 
7.4
Preparation and Maintenance of Books and Records.  Franchisee agrees to:  
(a) prepare on a current basis in a form satisfactory to Hyatt, and thereafter maintain in accordance 
with System Standards, complete and accurate records concerning all financial (including revenue 
and expenses), operating, marketing, and other aspects of the Hotel; and (b) maintain an 
accounting system that fully and accurately reflects all financial aspects of the Hotel.  Hyatt 
reserves the right to access Franchisee’s computer system independently to obtain sales 
information, occupancy information, and other data and information relating to the Hotel.   
7.5
Audit.  Hyatt may at any time during Franchisee’s regular business hours, and with 
prior notice to Franchisee, examine Franchisee’s and the Hotel’s business and accounting records, 
tax records and returns, and other records.  Franchisee agrees to cooperate fully in any examination.  
If any examination discloses an understatement of the revenue, Franchisee agrees to pay Hyatt, 
within fifteen (15) days after receiving the examination report, the Royalty Fees, System Services 
Charges and other fees due on the amount of the understatement, together with the late fee and 
interest in accordance with Section 6.5.  Furthermore, if Hyatt determines that an examination is 
necessary due to Franchisee’s failure to furnish reports or other information when required, or if 
Hyatt’s examination reveals a Royalty Fee or System Services Charge underpayment of three 
percent (3%) or more of the total amount owed during any six (6)-month period, or that Franchisee 
willfully understated the Hotel’s revenue, Franchisee agrees to reimburse Hyatt for the costs of the 
examination, including out-of-pocket costs and compensation of Hyatt’s employees.  These 
remedies are in addition to Hyatt’s other remedies and rights under this Agreement and applicable 
law. 
ARTICLE VIII 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION 
8.1
Relationship of the Parties.  Franchisee is an independent contractor.  Neither 
Hyatt nor Franchisee is the legal representative or agent of, or has the power to obligate, the other 
