27 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
Hotel IP, in any way.  Franchisee represents and warrants that Franchisee owns or has all valid 
rights to use the Hotel IP and that use of the Hotel IP by Hyatt and its Affiliates as permitted 
hereunder will not violate the rights of any third party. 
ARTICLE XII 
OWNERSHIP OF FRANCHISEE AND TRANSFER 
12.1
Ownership of Franchisee and Guarantors.   
(a)
Franchisee’s Owners.  Franchisee represents and warrants that: 
(a) Exhibit G completely and accurately identifies all Owners (other than any Limited 
Interest Owner) and describes their ownership interests (whether direct or indirect) in 
Franchisee; and (b) none of Franchisee’s Owners (other than a Public Owner) is a 
Sanctioned Person.  Without limiting Hyatt’s rights or Franchisee’s obligations under this 
ARTICLE XII, upon Hyatt’s reasonable request, Franchisee agrees to provide Hyatt 
information about the identity of the Owners (other than a Public Owner) and their 
ownership interests (whether direct or indirect) in Franchisee from time to time using the 
forms and formats that Hyatt reasonably specifies. 
(b)
Guaranty.  Franchisee must ensure that one or more of the Controlling 
Owners which Hyatt specifies as of the Effective Date signs Hyatt’s Guaranty and 
Assumption of Obligations (the “Guaranty”), the current form of which is attached as 
Exhibit H.  Franchisee represents and warrants that at least one Guarantor satisfies the 
Guarantor Monetary Threshold as of the Effective Date, and Franchisee agrees to ensure 
that at least one Guarantor continues to satisfy the Guarantor Monetary Threshold (as it 
may be increased in accordance with Exhibit B-1) at all times during the Term.  Franchisee 
agrees to, and shall cause its Guarantors to, reasonably cooperate with Hyatt in connection 
with all auditing and reporting requirements that Hyatt reasonably specifies relating to the 
Guarantor Monetary Threshold. 
12.2
Transfer by Franchisee – Defined.  Franchisee acknowledges that the rights and 
duties this Agreement creates are personal to Franchisee and its Controlling Owners and that Hyatt 
has granted Franchisee the rights under this Agreement in reliance upon Hyatt’s perceptions of 
Franchisee’s and its Controlling Owners’ collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business 
ability, and financial capacity.  Accordingly, unless otherwise specified in this ARTICLE XII, 
neither this Agreement (or any interest in this Agreement), the Hotel or substantially all of its 
assets, nor any ownership interest in Franchisee or any Owner (if such Owner is a legal entity) 
may be transferred (as defined in Exhibit A) without complying with the terms and conditions 
applicable to such transfer in this ARTICLE XII.  A transfer of the Hotel’s ownership, possession, 
or control, or substantially all of its assets, may be made only with a transfer of this Agreement.  
Any transfer without complying with the terms and conditions applicable to such transfer in this 
ARTICLE XII, including Hyatt’s approval (where such approval is required under this 
Agreement), is a breach of this Agreement.   
12.3
Non-Control Transfers.  Subject to the other provisions of this ARTICLE XII, 
Franchisee and/or any of its Owners may consummate any Non-Control Transfers, without seeking 
