43 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
responsible for the adequacy or coordination of any plans and specifications, the integrity 
of any structures, compliance with applicable laws (including accessibility laws) or any 
insurance requirements, or obtaining any permits.  We will have no liability to you for the 
Hotel’s construction or renovation.  You must give us certificates from your contractors 
concerning the Hotel’s compliance.  (Sections 2.5 and 2.6 of Franchise Agreement) 
(14)
Provide revenue management services for the Hotel if you choose to acquire 
them or we determine that you must acquire them.  (Revenue Management Services 
Program Schedule)  
(15)
Provide field marketing program services for the Hotel if you choose to 
acquire them.  (Field Marketing Program Schedule) 
During your operation of the Hotel, we or another member of the Hyatt Group will: 
(1)
Continue to provide the System Services for the Hotel, as we periodically 
modify them (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement) 
(2)
Advise you periodically regarding the Hotel’s operation, for example 
concerning System Standards and advertising and marketing materials and programs.  If 
you request, and we agree to provide, additional or special guidance, assistance, or training, 
you must pay our then applicable charges and travel and living expenses.  Any specific 
training, guidance or assistance that we provide does not create an obligation (whether by 
course of dealing or otherwise) to continue providing that specific training, guidance or 
assistance, all of which we may periodically modify. (Section 3.4 of Franchise Agreement)  
(3)
Let you use our Proprietary Marks.  (Sections 11.1 to 11.4 of Franchise 
Agreement) 
(4)
Let you use our Confidential Information and Copyrighted Materials.  
(Sections 11.1, 11.5 and 11.6 of Franchise Agreement) 
(5)
Provide you access to the System Standards as we may modify them 
periodically.  You must restrict (and ensure your management company restricts) access to 
the System Standards according to our policies, as we periodically modify them.  If there 
is a dispute over their contents, our master copy of the System Standards controls.  Because 
complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions might not be possible or 
practical, we may, as we deem best, vary the Hotel System and System Standards for any 
Brand Hotel based upon the peculiarities of any condition or factors that we consider 
important to that hotel’s successful operation.  We need not grant you a similar variation 
or accommodation.  The table of contents for the System Standards in effect as of the 
issuance date of this disclosure document is Exhibit E and reflects that the System 
Standards comprise 3,334 pages. (Sections 3.2 and 4.3 of Franchise Agreement)
(6)
Provide you access to the CRS and listings in advertising publications that 
we periodically specify during the Franchise Agreement’s term.  (Section 3.3 of Franchise 
Agreement)   
