17 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
6.2
Monthly Fees to Hyatt.  On or before the tenth (10th) day of each month or such 
later day of the month that Hyatt periodically specifies, Franchisee shall pay Hyatt: 
(a)
a “Royalty Fee” equal to the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1; 
(b)
the System Services Charges for the previous month.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that System Services Charges will include an allocable proportion of certain 
System Services Costs incurred during the period before the Hotel opens in accordance 
with this Agreement.  System Services Charges shall be determined on the same basis as 
such amounts are determined for other Participating Hotels.  Any allocation of shared costs 
that the Hyatt Group makes in good faith and with the intention of fairly allocating such 
costs to System Services shall be binding on the parties hereto.  System Services Costs 
shall include the actual costs incurred by the Hyatt Group and shall not be subject to any 
mark-up, premium or profit on any Mandatory Services, but may include a profit or mark-
up component on Non-Mandatory Services as described above or as determined by the 
Hyatt Group.  The Hyatt Group may in its reasonable judgment periodically change its 
method of allocation of the System Services Costs among Participating Hotels, and the 
categories of Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels that are classified as 
Participating Hotels, provided that such method of allocation and categories of 
Participating Hotels shall at all times be determined on a reasonable, equitable and non-
discriminatory basis; and 
(c)
all fees and other amounts that Hyatt (or its Affiliates) then has paid or has 
agreed to pay on Franchisee’s behalf to any Providers.  If any Provider assesses a single or 
group fee or other charge that covers all or a group of Brand Hotels or other Hyatt Network 
Hotels to which that Provider provides products or services, Franchisee agrees that Hyatt’s 
allocation of that fee or other charge among the Hotel and other participating hotels is final.  
The Providers may periodically increase the fees and other charges they impose.  At Hyatt’s 
option, Franchisee must begin paying these fees and other charges directly to the applicable 
Provider(s). 
6.3
Payments to Other Parties.  Franchisee agrees to pay on a timely basis, as and 
when due, all amounts owed to third parties (including Hyatt’s Affiliates) arising out of the Hotel’s 
operation (excluding only amounts owed which are reasonably in dispute), including:  
(a) applicable commissions to travel agents and third party reservation service charges and 
otherwise participate in any Hotel System travel agent commission payment program, as Hyatt 
periodically modifies it; (b) all commissions and fees for reservations Franchisee accepts through 
any sources (including the Internet), whether processed through Hyatt, the CRS, or any Provider’s 
reservation system or billed directly to Franchisee; (c) all fees and assessments due for guest 
frequency programs and other marketing programs Hyatt periodically initiates that are attributable 
to the Hotel; and (d) all contributions for cooperative advertising programs in which Franchisee 
agrees to participate, as required in Section 5.5. 
6.4
Electronic Funds Transfer.  Franchisee must make all payments for Royalty Fees, 
System Services Charges and other amounts due to Hyatt or any member of the Hyatt Group under 
this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Hotel by electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) in 
compliance with System Standards.  Hyatt periodically may change the procedure for payments 
