1 
Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616960069.2 
CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT 
MASTER AGREEMENT  
This version is only for use with franchised locations  
in the U.S., Canada & the islands of the Caribbean 
THIS CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT MASTER AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is 
made as of the date of full execution (“Agreement Effective Date”), by and between [Insert Owner’s 
Contracting Entity] (“Owner”) and Hyatt Corporation located at 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, 
Illinois 60606 (“Hyatt”). 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, Owner owns a property known as [Insert Hotel Name] located at [Insert Owner 
Address] (“Property”), and the Property is operated pursuant to a franchise agreement with Hyatt or its 
affiliate (as it may be amended, “Franchise Agreement”);  
WHEREAS, Owner has requested that Hyatt provide certain Services, as defined below, to Owner 
in connection with the Property, pursuant to one or more of the following programs offered by Hyatt to 
Hyatt branded and affiliated hotels: the Field Marketing Program, the Central Sales Services Program, the 
Revenue Management Services Program, the Global Property Guest Services Program, the Digital 
Ancillary Services Program, or any similar program offered by Hyatt in the future (each individually, a 
“Program” and collectively, the “Programs”); and 
WHEREAS, Hyatt has agreed to provide such Services according to the terms and under the 
conditions set forth herein and any Schedules attached hereto. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby mutually agree as follows:  
1.
Amended and Restated; Term / Termination.1
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Agreement Effective Date and shall continue in full 
force and effect until expiration and/or termination of the Franchise Agreement, unless earlier terminated 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (“Agreement Term”).  Any Services 
(defined below) provided pursuant to a Schedule to this Agreement (defined below) shall commence as of 
the effective date(s) set forth therein (“Service Effective Date”), and shall continue until expiration or 
termination of such Schedule, or the sooner expiration of this Agreement or the Franchise Agreement, 
subject to subsection 1.b. below. 
This Agreement may be terminated as follows: 
a.
Hyatt may terminate the Agreement for any reason or no reason by notifying Owner in 
writing at least days ninety (90) days in advance.  
b.
This Agreement shall automatically terminate if the Franchise Agreement expires or is 
terminated and Owner does not enter into a franchise agreement, hotel management 
agreement or hotel services agreement with Hyatt or its affiliate such that the Property 
1 If needed: The parties acknowledge and agree that Owner may have previously entered into a similar agreement with Hyatt for 
any of the Programs. As of the Agreement Effective Date, the parties agree that this Agreement shall supersede and replace any 
previous agreement related to such Program.
