24 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
less than 36 months have elapsed since the Hotel’s opening date, either (a) the amount determined 
under part (ii) above or (b) the average monthly Gross Rooms Revenue of the Hotel during the 
period from the Hotel’s opening date until the effective date of termination, whichever of (a) or 
(b) is greater.  
However, if “Average Monthly Revenues” as determined under any part of (i) through (iii) 
above was materially and negatively impacted during the preceding 12 full calendar month period 
by a disruption in Hotel operations resulting from force majeure, casualty, suspension of operations 
(whether or not we consented to it), renovation of the Hotel, or any other similar circumstances, 
then we will determine “Average Monthly Revenue” by referencing the most recent 12 full 
calendar month period before termination, during which the Hotel performance was not impacted. 
If we or you terminate the Franchise Agreement because of a Consequential Termination, 
then the liquidated damages are 150% of the amount calculated above.  A “Consequential 
Termination” occurs if (1) the Franchise Agreement’s termination involves a transfer of the Hotel 
or its assets, or a direct or indirect Controlling Ownership Interest in you, to a Competitor (defined 
below); or (2) there are 3 or more franchise agreements for Hyatt-Related Select Service Brand 
(defined below) hotels with you or your affiliates (including the Franchise Agreement) that we (or 
our affiliate) terminate because of your (or your affiliate’s) default or you (or your affiliates) 
terminate in breach of the applicable agreement.  A “Hyatt-Related Select Service Brand” means 
any brand under which or in affiliation with which a select service Hyatt Network Hotel operates.  
A “Competitor” is any entity that owns, franchises and/or manages, or is an affiliate of any entity 
that owns, franchises and/or manages, a select service hotel brand, trade name or service mark for 
a system of at least 4 hotels with an average daily room rate for all or substantially all of the hotels 
in the U.S. during the then most recent full calendar year that is at least 60% of the average daily 
room rate for Brand Hotels operating in the U.S. 
If a governmental agency or other authority condemns or takes by eminent domain or 
expropriation all or a substantial portion of the Hotel, and we and you do not agree to terms for 
relocating the Hotel, then either we or you may terminate the Franchise Agreement.  If you and 
your owners sign our then current form of termination agreement and a general release, in a form 
satisfactory to us (together, a “Termination Agreement”), then you need not pay us liquidated 
damages when the Franchise Agreement terminates.  The Termination Agreement will provide 
that if you or your affiliate begins construction on or operation of a new select service hotel at any 
location within the Area of Protection during the 24-month period following the termination, other 
than a Hyatt Network Hotel or a hotel that was already under contract to be developed at that 
particular location within the Area of Protection on the date that the Termination Agreement is 
signed, then you must pay us liquidated damages of $5,000 multiplied by the number of guest 
rooms at that new select service hotel.  If you and your owners do not sign a Termination 
Agreement, then you must pay us liquidated damages when the Franchise Agreement terminates.   
If the Hotel is damaged by fire, flood, accident, hurricane or other casualty, you must notify 
us immediately.  If the cost to repair the damage is less than or equal to the greater of (a) 60% of 
the market value of the Hotel immediately prior to the casualty, or (b) the amount of insurance 
proceeds made available to you in connection with the casualty (“Damage Threshold”), then you 
must repair the damage promptly according to the System Standards and the Franchise 
Agreement’s other terms and conditions.  If the damage or repair requires you to close all or any 
