2 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
a food and beverage component or components covering 3 meals a day.  We call the Brand Hotel 
that you will operate under the Franchise Agreement your “Hotel.”  You will operate the Hotel 
only from the location we approve before signing the Franchise Agreement. 
The “Hotel System” means the concept and system associated with the establishment and 
operation of Brand Hotels, as we periodically modify it.  The Hotel System now includes:  (a) the 
trade names, trademarks, and service marks “Caption by Hyatt®” and other trade names, 
trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, trade dress, domain names, and other source and origin 
designations (including all derivatives) that we or our affiliate periodically develops and we 
periodically designate for use with the Hotel System (collectively, the “Proprietary Marks”); (b) all 
copyrightable materials that we or our affiliate periodically develops and we periodically designate 
for use with the Hotel System, including the contents of our secure extranet, electronic media,  
marketing materials (including advertising, marketing, promotional, and public relations materials 
and business and marketing plans), the Design and Construction Standards (defined below), 
sample architectural plans, drawings, designs, and layouts, such as site, floor, plumbing, lobby, 
electrical, and landscape plans and building designs, whether or not registered with the U.S. 
Copyright Office (collectively, the “Copyrighted Materials”); (c) all Confidential Information 
(defined in Item 14); (d) the standards that we periodically prescribe detailing certain design 
criteria to be incorporated into the design and layout of the Hotel, and our minimum standards for 
engineering and construction of newly constructed, renovated, or adapted Brand Hotels, all as we 
determine them (the “Design and Construction Standards”); (e) the central reservations system and 
related services for Brand Hotels, as we may periodically modify it (“CRS”); (f) the global 
distribution systems (“GDS”) and the online travel agencies and other alternative distribution 
systems (“ADS”) that we periodically authorize or require for the Hotel and other similarly situated 
Brand Hotels, subject to Reasonable Deviations (defined in Item 8); (g) management, personnel, 
and operational training programs, materials, and procedures; (h) standards, specifications, 
procedures, and rules for operations, marketing, construction, equipment, furnishings, and quality 
assurance that we implement and may periodically modify for Brand Hotels (collectively, “System 
Standards”) we describe in our confidential owner extranet, as we periodically amend them, or in 
other written or electronic communications; (i) marketing, advertising, and promotional programs; 
and (j) Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services (each defined in Item 6).  
Before signing the Franchise Agreement, and while you apply for franchise rights, you 
must submit a franchise application (Exhibit B) through our online application portal and pay the 
application fee.  We will refund the application fee less a fee to cover our costs if you withdraw 
your franchise application before we approve it or if we do not approve it.  During your evaluation 
process, and before receiving any Confidential Information, you must sign the Confidentiality 
Agreement (Exhibit F) (the “Confidentiality Agreement”).  Because we may engage in 
negotiations with you and other franchisees, you may sign a Franchise Agreement with us that 
differs significantly from the agreements that other franchisees sign for Brand Hotels. 
Competition and the Market 
The hotel market is well-established and highly competitive.  Brand Hotels compete with 
other national select- and full-service hotel systems and with regional and local hotels that offer 
comparable services and lodging products.  Brand Hotels will target both corporate business 
travelers and leisure travelers.  Some competitors of Brand Hotels may be larger, may operate 
