45 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
programs that the Cooperative conducts.  The Cooperative will be in charge of its own 
administration and determines contributions.  Cooperative members will typically contribute to 
programs at the same rate.  We anticipate that Cooperatives will operate from written governing 
documents and prepare financial statements that member franchisees may review.  All restrictions 
relating to any advertising, marketing or promotional materials and programs that you use or 
conduct also apply to any materials and programs that the Cooperative will use or conduct.  
(Section 5.5 of Franchise Agreement). 
You must ensure that all advertising, marketing, and promotional materials, all public 
relations plans and programs, and all uses of the Proprietary Marks are conducted in a dignified 
manner and comply with the System Standards, including the use of our standard templates where 
applicable, and which may, at our option, require our prior approval of materials that we have not 
previously approved.  You must discontinue using any materials (including previously-approved 
materials) and stop engaging in any plans and programs (including previously-approved plans and 
programs) within the timeframe we specify after you receive written notice from us.  You may not 
use Guest Information (defined in Item 14) in conducting marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs for the Hotel, except for programs conducted by or through us or with our supervision 
in each instance.   (Section 5.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
The “Hotel System Website” is a website that we or one or more members of the Hyatt 
Group develops, maintains and/or authorizes for all or a certain group of Brand Hotels that we 
periodically specify (and, at our option, other Hyatt Network Hotels).  We currently provide each 
participating Brand Hotel a separate webpage on the Hotel System Website.  You must comply 
with all System Standards relating to the Hotel System Website, including by providing us (or our 
designee) all information and other materials concerning the Hotel that we periodically request 
and promptly notifying us whenever any information concerning the Hotel on the Hotel’s webpage 
is no longer accurate.  By  providing Hotel-related information and materials, you are representing 
to us that they are accurate and not misleading and do not infringe any third party’s intellectual 
property or other rights.  We have the final decision about all information or materials appearing 
on the Hotel System Website.  As between us and you, we own all intellectual property rights and 
other rights in and to the Hotel System Website, including all data that visitors supply or the Hotel 
System Website obtains.  We may discontinue the Hotel System Website and/or any of its content 
(including separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time. 
You may not develop, maintain or authorize any website or other electronic medium (other 
than the Hotel System Website) that has the word “hyatt” or any similar word, or any of the 
Proprietary Marks, as part of its domain name or URL or that accepts reservations for the Hotel 
(other than through an approved link to a Hotel System Website) or otherwise sells any products 
or services associated with the Hotel or any of the Proprietary Marks.  In addition, except for the 
Hotel System Website, approved ADS, and as otherwise provided here, you may not develop, 
maintain or authorize any other website, other online presence or other electronic medium that 
describes or in any other way promotes the Hotel or displays any of the Proprietary Marks.  You 
may, with our approval (which we will not unreasonably withhold) and subject to compliance with 
System Standards, authorize any Travel Services Website or Franchisee Organization Website to 
list and promote the Hotel together with other hotels.  A “Travel Services Website” is a website 
that a third party (which is not your affiliate) operates that promotes and sells travel-related 
products and services for a number of hotel brands, including other Hyatt Network Hotels.  A 
