Leases—We primarily lease land, buildings, office space, and equipment. We determine whether an arrangement is an 
operating or finance lease at inception. For our management and hotel services agreements, we apply judgment in order to 
determine whether the contract is accounted for as a lease or management or hotel services agreement based on the specific 
facts and circumstances of each agreement. In evaluating whether an agreement constitutes a lease, we review the contractual 
terms to determine which party obtains both the economic benefits and control of the assets. In arrangements where we control 
the assets and obtain substantially all of the economic benefits, we account for the contract as a lease.
Certain of our leases include options to extend the lease term at our discretion. We include lease extension options in our 
operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the options. Our extension 
options range from approximately 1 to 25 years, and the impacts of all currently available options are recorded in our operating 
lease ROU assets and lease liabilities. Our lease agreements do not contain any significant residual value guarantees or 
restrictive covenants.
We assess operating lease ROU assets for impairment quarterly, and when events or circumstances indicate the carrying 
value may not be recoverable, we evaluate the net book value of the assets by comparing it to the projected undiscounted future 
cash flows of the assets. If the carrying value of the assets is determined to not be recoverable and is in excess of the estimated 
fair value, we recognize an impairment charge in asset impairments on our consolidated statements of income. 
As our leases do not provide an implicit borrowing rate, we use our estimated IBR to determine the present value of our 
lease payments and apply a portfolio approach. We apply judgment in estimating our IBR, including assumptions related to 
currency risk and our credit risk. We also consider our recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments 
with similar characteristics when determining our IBR. 
Our operating leases may include the following terms: (i) fixed minimum lease payments, (ii) variable lease payments 
based on a percentage of the hotel's profitability measure, as defined in the lease, (iii) lease payments equal to the greater of a 
fixed minimum or variable amount based on a percentage of the hotel's profitability measure, as defined in the lease, (iv) lease 
payments adjusted for changes in an index or market value, or (v) variable lease payments based on a percentage split of the 
total gross revenues, as defined in the lease. Future lease payments that are contingent are not included in the measurement of 
the operating lease liability or in the future maturities table (see Note 8). 
For office space, land, and building leases, we do not separate the lease and nonlease components, which primarily relate 
to common area maintenance and utilities. We combine lease and nonlease components for those leases where we are the lessor, 
and we exclude all leases with terms of 12 months or less from the operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities. 
For additional information about leases, see Note 8.
Acquisitions—We evaluate the facts and circumstances of each acquisition to determine whether the transaction should 
be accounted for as an asset acquisition or a business combination.
Under the supervision of management, independent third-party valuation specialists estimate the fair value of the assets or 
businesses acquired using various recognized valuation methods, including the income approach, cost approach, relief from 
royalty approach, and sales comparison approach, all of which are primarily based on Level Three assumptions. Assumptions 
utilized in determining the fair value under these approaches include, but are not limited to, historical financial results when 
applicable, projected cash flows, discount rates, capitalization rates, royalty rates, current market conditions, likelihood of 
contract renewals, and comparable transactions. In a business combination, the fair value is allocated to tangible assets and 
liabilities and identifiable intangible assets, with any remaining value assigned to goodwill, if applicable. In an asset acquisition, 
any difference between the consideration paid and the fair value of the assets acquired is allocated across the identified assets 
based on the relative fair value. When we acquire the remaining ownership interest in or the property from an unconsolidated 
hospitality venture in a step acquisition, we estimate the fair value of our equity interest using the assumed cash proceeds we 
would receive from sale to a third party at a market sales price, which is determined using our fair value methodologies and 
assumptions.
The results of operations of properties or businesses are included in our consolidated statements of income beginning on 
the respective acquisition dates. Assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are 
recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at the respective acquisition dates based on their estimated fair values. In business 
combinations, purchase price allocations may be based on preliminary estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, the allocations 
are subject to revision when we receive and review final information, including contracts, appraisals, and/or other analyses.
Acquisition-related costs incurred in conjunction with a business combination are recognized in transaction and 
integration costs on our consolidated statements of income. In an asset acquisition, these costs are included in the total 
consideration paid and allocated to the acquired assets. 
