51 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Orientation 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On the 
Job Training 
Location 
Introduction to Hyatt brands,
support 
functions, 
operational
strategy, tools, and culture 
8 
0 
Chicago, Illinois, Hyatt hotel 
location 
we 
designate, 
or
virtually 
Commercial Services strategy and 
tools, FF&E, design, F&B, brand 
standards and purchasing 
8 
0 
Chicago, Illinois, Hyatt hotel 
location 
we 
designate, 
or
virtually 
Total 
Hours 
– 
Owners
Orientation 
16 
0
GMU 
The Hotel’s proposed general manager, whether newly hired or promoted, must attend 
GMU, which provides an overview of Hyatt’s brand requirements and the tools made available by 
us in support of these requirements.  GMU consists of self-paced eLearning, virtual instructor-led 
training, in-person training, learning assessments, and a final virtual presentation to our leadership 
team.  The Hotel’s proposed general manager must complete GMU (including the final learning 
assessment and a virtual presentation to our leadership team) at least 6 months before the Hotel’s 
opening date or within 6 months after the date of hire or promotion (as applicable) for new general 
managers at an existing Brand Hotel.  The Hotel’s proposed general manager must complete the 
self-paced eLearning and virtual components of GMU at least 3 months before the Hotel’s opening 
date or within 3 months after the date of hire or promotion (as applicable) for a new general 
manager at an existing Brand Hotel.  The required in-person training component is a 3-day 
workshop at our corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois or at a Hyatt hotel location we specify, 
and gives the general manager an opportunity to meet our affiliates’ personnel who will be 
providing training.  The Hotel’s proposed general manager must complete the in-person training 
component at least 3 months before the Hotel’s opening date or within 3 months after the date of 
hire or promotion (as applicable) for a new general manager at an existing Brand Hotel.  Our SVP 
Global Franchise Operations & Owner Relations supervises this orientation, for which we maintain 
an ongoing schedule adjusting to the volume of general manager hires.  General managers must 
consistently participate in all aspects of GMU in order to successfully complete it.  
In the case of a general manager vacancy, the owner/operator must adhere to our standards 
related to the timing of filling the vacancy with a permanent or interim general manager.  If a 
permanent general manager has not been identified for more than 6 months after the original 
vacancy, the owner/operator must identify a leader as an interim general manager to complete 
GMU.  Once the general manager vacancy has been permanently filled, the new permanent general 
manager will also be required to complete GMU, unless we waive the requirement for a particular 
individual.  If the new permanent general manager previously worked at a Hyatt Network Hotel, 
the general manager will be required to complete GMU knowledge assessment if the general 
manager has been absent from such Hyatt Network Hotel for more than 1 year as of the date of 
