16 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
rules, including paying the Hotel’s allocable share of any advertising, marketing, promotional and 
other programs that the Cooperative conducts.  All restrictions under this Agreement relating to 
any advertising, marketing or promotional programs that Franchisee conducts also apply to any 
such programs that the Cooperative conducts. 
ARTICLE VI 
FEES AND PAYMENTS 
6.1
Initial Fees.   
(a)
The initial Application Fee was fully earned by Hyatt and non-refundable 
upon Hyatt’s approval of Franchisee’s franchise application before Hyatt and Franchisee 
signed this Agreement.  If Hyatt and Franchisee agree to add guest rooms to the Hotel 
above the number of rooms stated in Exhibit B-3 before the Hotel opens, then Franchisee 
must pay Hyatt, when Hyatt approves the additional guest rooms, an additional Application 
Fee in an amount equal to the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1. After the Hotel opens, if 
Franchisee wants to add any guest rooms to the Hotel, Franchisee must pay Hyatt’s then 
current PIP fee (currently the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1 when Franchisee requests 
Hyatt’s approval of Franchisee’s plans.  This PIP fee is non-refundable.  Hyatt will apply 
this PIP fee toward the additional Application Fee of the amount set forth in Exhibit B-1 if 
Hyatt approves Franchisee’s plans.  If the PIP fee exceeds the additional Application Fee, 
Hyatt may keep the excess.  The remaining portion of the additional Application Fee is 
due, fully earned by Hyatt, and non-refundable on the date Hyatt approves Franchisee’s 
plans to develop the additional guest rooms. 
(b)
Franchisee shall pay Hyatt the “IT Project Management Services Fee” set 
forth in Exhibit B-1, plus any applicable taxes thereon.  The IT Project Management 
Services Fee is non-refundable.  Franchisee shall reimburse Hyatt’s or its Affiliate’s 
reasonable expenses in connection with rendering the IT Project Management Services, 
including any necessary transportation, lodging and meals, plus applicable taxes thereon.  
The IT Project Management Services Fee (including expenses) will be invoiced by Hyatt 
no earlier than: (i) Hyatt’s completion of the IT Project Management Services or (ii) upon 
Franchisee’s termination of the Hotel development project or the IT Project Management 
Services, for any reason, in either event regardless of whether Hyatt has approved the Hotel 
for opening.  
(c)
If Franchisee is constructing a new Hotel, adapting a non-hotel space for 
use as a Hotel, or conducting a significant renovation of an existing hotel in connection 
with conversion to a Brand Hotel, Franchisee shall pay Hyatt a design services review fee 
(the “Design Services Review Fee”) as set forth in Exhibit B-1.  In addition, if Franchisee 
requests Hyatt’s review of alternative plans, design or products other than those prescribed 
by Hyatt’s prototype plans, Franchisee must pay Hyatt an alternative design review fee (the 
“Alternative Design Review Fee”) as set forth in Exhibit B-1.  The Design Services 
Review Fee and the Alternative Design Review Fee are non-refundable. 
