5 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
• 
Hyatt International – Asia Pacific, Limited (“Hyatt International Asia Pacific”) has 
offered franchises for full service hotels and select service hotels in Asia since July 
2016.  Hyatt International Asia Pacific has never operated hotels or offered 
franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt International Asia Pacific’s principal 
business address is Suite 1302-07, 13/F, The Gateway, Tower 1, 25 Canton Road, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong. 
Industry-Specific Regulations 
You must comply with a number of federal, state and local laws that apply generally to 
establishing and operating hotel businesses.  The laws involve, among other things, zoning and 
construction, public accommodations, accessibility by persons with disabilities, health and safety, 
and labor.  Many laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  You must learn about and comply 
with all applicable laws.  Examples of these laws include: 
Health & Sanitation.  Most states have regulations or statutes governing the lodging 
business and related services, including food handling and preparation.  Many state and local 
authorities require lodging businesses to obtain licenses to assure compliance with health and 
sanitation codes.  Health-related laws may affect the use of linens, towels and glassware, among 
other things. 
Alcoholic Beverages.  Alcoholic beverage service in a Brand Hotel is subject to extensive 
regulations and licensing governing virtually all aspects of the beverage service. 
Facility Operations.  Lodging facilities must comply with innkeepers’ laws that, among 
other things, might (i) allow innkeepers under certain circumstances to impose liens against the 
possessions of guests who do not pay their bills; (ii) limit the liability of innkeepers regarding 
guests’ valuables; (iii) require posting of house rules and room rates in each room or near the 
registration area; (iv) require registration of guests and proof of identity at check-in, and retention 
of records for a specified period of time; (v) limit the rights of innkeepers to refuse lodging to 
certain guests; and (vi) limit innkeepers’ rights to evict guests under certain circumstances.  
Applicable federal and state civil rights laws prohibit discrimination in hotels on the basis of race, 
creed, color or national origin.  Some states prohibit “overbooking” and require innkeepers to find 
other accommodations if the guest has paid a deposit.  Some states and municipalities also have 
enacted laws and regulations governing non-smoking areas and guest rooms.  In addition, the 
general business laws, rules and regulations which apply to hotels in your jurisdiction will affect 
you.  This includes any government orders related to emergent conditions, such as natural disasters 
and public health emergencies. 
Persons with Disabilities.  The accessibility laws, which include the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (“ADA”) and all other laws, rules, regulations and ordinances governing 
accommodations for or relationships with persons with disabilities or similar individuals, as 
periodically in effect, require (among other things) that public accommodations, including hotels, 
(i) offer facilities without discriminating against persons with disabilities; (ii) offer auxiliary aids 
and services to enable a person with a disability to use and enjoy the establishment’s goods or 
services if doing so is not unduly burdensome or disruptive to business; and (iii) remove barriers 
to mobility or communication to the extent readily achievable.  The U.S. Department of Justice 
has published “accessibility guidelines” (“ADAAG”) that specify, among other things, a minimum 
