57 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
We may, at the times and places we deem best, require the Hotel’s Core Management and 
other personnel to participate in regional and national conventions, meetings and other brand 
standard training programs that we periodically specify.  For example, we may require additional 
training when major concept and repositioning changes occur in a food and beverage outlet at the 
Hotel.  These individuals must attend any supplemental training within the time period we 
reasonably specify after you receive notice from us.  We also may periodically hold an owner 
convention for all or a certain group of Hyatt Hotels and/or all or certain other Hyatt Network 
Hotels at a location we periodically designate.  You must pay our fees for these programs and 
conventions.  You must pay all of your personnel’s travel, living and other expenses (including 
local transportation expenses) and compensation relating to these training programs and 
conventions.  (Sections 3.1 and 3.4 and Exhibit B of Franchise Agreement) 
In addition to our mandatory initial training programs, we also offer various optional brand 
standard training courses for Hotel personnel during the Franchise Agreement’s term.  We 
typically update the menu of optional courses annually to address then current hotel and business 
needs.  These optional offerings include discounted enrollment for eCornell’s self-paced, 
facilitated courses and certificate programs specifically curated for hospitality professionals.  We 
also make available other virtually-facilitated commercial services offerings and over 1,600 free, 
multi-lingual self-paced courses via our learning platform.  In addition, we periodically offer 
optional instructor-led or virtual programs for a fee.  You may, at your option, send Hotel personnel 
to some or all of these programs if you pay our then current fees.  We typically conduct optional 
training programs either at our headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, at your Hotel, or at another 
operating Hyatt hotel.  We offer optional brand standards training programs on an ongoing basis.  
Item 12 
TERRITORY 
You must operate the Hotel only from a specific site that we first approve.  Your rights 
under the Franchise Agreement are limited to operating the Hotel at the approved site.  If all or a 
substantial portion of the Hotel is condemned or suffers a casualty requiring you to close all or a 
portion of the Hotel, you may relocate the Hotel to a location we approve.   
Unless the Hotel is an operating Brand Hotel, we and you will agree on the boundaries of 
your “Area of Protection” before signing the Franchise Agreement.  We typically define the Area 
of Protection’s boundaries using geographic references (such as streets or rivers) or as a circle with 
the Hotel at its center.  The Area of Protection’s size will vary depending on the Hotel’s size and 
location.  It could be as small as a few blocks in urban areas and up to about a 3 mile radius from 
the Hotel’s entrance in certain suburban areas.  We also will assign an “AOP Term” and list the 
AOP Term in the Franchise Agreement before we and you sign it.  The AOP Term is the time 
period during which your rights in the Area of Protection will apply.  The AOP Term begins on 
the effective date of the Franchise Agreement and typically ends 3 years after the Hotel’s opening 
date.   
Subject to the one exception below, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate during the AOP Term, nor authorize any other party to open and operate during the AOP 
