67 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
interior footprint, whose revenues are derived more than 50% from the sale of alcoholic beverages, 
without our prior written consent, which consent will not be withheld unless we reasonably 
determine that the establishment might have a material negative impact on guests of the Hotel. 
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates if those rates and your pricing policies comply 
with System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best 
rate guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any 
guest a rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest at the time the 
guest makes the reservation.  You may not change the number of guest rooms in the Hotel without 
our consent.  
Item 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.  
Provision
Section in franchise 
or other agreement
Summary
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
1.2 and 10.2 of 
Franchise Agreement; 
2 of Confidentiality 
Agreement; 1 of 
Central Services 
Agreement; 10 of 
Hosting Services 
Agreement; Field 
Marketing Program 
Schedule; Central 
Sales Program 
Schedule; Revenue 
Management Services 
Program Schedule; 
GPGS Program 
Schedule; Digital 
Ancillary Services 
Program Schedule 
Franchise Agreement’s term expires 20 years 
after the 1st day of the month in which the Hotel 
opens.  If you acquire an existing Brand Hotel 
from a franchisee, the term will be the remaining 
term on the selling franchisee’s agreement.  
Term extends for period during which Hotel is 
closed for casualty.  Confidentiality Agreement’s 
obligations continue for 5 years or indefinitely 
for trade secrets.  Central Services Agreement 
expires upon the Franchise Agreement’s 
termination or expiration.  Hosting Services 
Agreement expires when our affiliate’s PMS 
license terminates or Hotel no longer operates 
under a Hyatt brand.  Field Marketing Program 
Schedule, Central Sales Program Schedule, 
Revenue Management Services Program, GPGS 
Program Schedule, and Digital Ancillary 
Services Program Schedule each terminate if the 
Franchise Agreement expires or is terminated 
and the Hotel no longer operates under a Hyatt 
brand or the Central Services Agreement expires 
or is terminated.   
b. Renewal or 
extension of the term 
13.1 of Franchise 
Agreement 
If you have substantially complied with 
Franchise Agreement during term, are then fully 
complying, meet our then current standards for 
new franchisees, have received passing quality 
