41 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
withhold.  We and our affiliates may operate, and authorize others to operate, Brand Hotels 
within or outside the United States providing additional, fewer and/or different amenities 
and services to guests than the Hotel provides, or that otherwise operate in a manner that 
is substantially different from the manner in which the Hotel operates.  We may establish 
and periodically modify the Hotel System and System Standards for certain Brand Hotels 
in a manner that is different from the Hotel System and System Standards that apply to 
some or all Brand Hotels within or outside the United States.  (Sections 2.1, 2.6 and 2.8 
and Exhibit B-3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(3)
As described in Item 8, identify the brands, types, makes and/or models of 
FF&E and other items (including both products and services) that meet our System 
Standards and, if we require, designated and approved suppliers of these items.  We or our 
designated affiliate will directly provide and deliver, and in certain cases install, some 
items.  We will provide you with the names of approved suppliers for some items.  Our 
System Standards or other communications provide our standards and specifications for 
some items.  (Sections 3.3, 4.3 and 4.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
(4)
Approve your initial design development documents and detailed plans for 
a new Hotel or renovation plans for conversion of an existing structure, including working 
drawings and specifications, if they comply with our Design and Construction Standards, 
Hotel System and System Standards.  You must prepare and submit the plans to us for our 
approval and change the plans as we specify.  You may not begin constructing, remodeling 
or developing the Hotel until we have approved the plans.  You may not change the 
approved plans, including by changing any structural or life safety equipment or systems, 
the number or type of guest rooms or common areas, or any architectural features, without 
our prior approval.  (Section 2.1 and Exhibit B of Franchise Agreement)   
(5)
Approve an F&B Operations Plan and F&B Operator(s) that meet our 
requirements.  (Section 2.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(6)
Approve you establishing a temporary or permanent sales office at the 
Hotel’s site to solicit and accept reservations during the pre-opening period for stays after 
the Hotel’s opening date, if we permit you to establish a pre-opening sales office and it 
meets our requirements.  Promptly after the Technology System is installed at the Hotel, 
you must, at our option, staff the pre-opening sales office with the Hotel’s director of sales 
and begin operating the pre-opening sales office.  (Section 2.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
(7)
Provide the applicable System Services for the Hotel during its pre-opening 
period.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement) 
(8)
Approve a pre-opening marketing program that you prepare according to 
our requirements.  At least 120 days before the Hotel’s opening, you must prepare and 
submit to us for our approval a written pre-opening marketing program that satisfies our 
requirements and contemplates spending at least $500 times the number of guest rooms at 
the Hotel.  You must change the program as we specify and implement the approved 
program.  We anticipate your spending additional amounts on pre-opening marketing as 
well.  (Section 5.1 of Franchise Agreement)  
