3 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
more hotels and may have greater resources than we do.  Other competitive factors include room 
rates, quality of accommodations, name recognition, service levels, geographic area, site location, 
general economic conditions and your management capabilities.  
Our Affiliates Who Supply the Franchise Network or Offer Franchises
The following companies are our affiliates who currently provide products or services to 
Brand Hotel franchisees. 
• 
Hyatt Corporation administers the “World of Hyatt” program, under which 
members earn points for eligible amounts guests spend at Hyatt Network Hotels 
and resorts worldwide.  “Hyatt Network Hotels” are Brand Hotels and other hotels, 
resorts, lodging facilities and other accommodations and hospitality affiliations that 
we, our affiliates, or our or their franchisees or licensees periodically own and/or 
operate under the name “Hyatt” or another brand that any of our affiliates own, 
regardless of whether those brands utilize the “Hyatt” mark in their names.  Other 
companies that provide hospitality or hospitality-related services to members, 
including other hotel operators, airlines and car rental companies, as well as 
branded hotel chains that Hyatt Corporation’s affiliates own, manage or license, 
also participate in the World of Hyatt program.  Hyatt Corporation also will provide 
most of the Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services to Brand Hotel 
franchisees.  Hyatt Corporation (directly or through affiliates) has owned, operated, 
provided services to, and/or managed hotels since 1957 and currently owns, 
operates, provides services to, and manages (directly or through affiliates) hotels 
and lodging facilities under more than 25 lodging brands.  Hyatt Corporation has 
never offered franchises in any line of business.   
• 
Rosemont Project Management, L.L.C. (“Rosemont”) is a purchasing company that 
provides optional project management services and purchasing services for certain 
furniture, fixtures and equipment that Brand Hotels use.  Rosemont has never 
operated hotels or offered franchises in any line of business.  
Hyatt Corporation’s and Rosemont’s principal business addresses are the same as our 
address.  We call Hyatt Corporation, Rosemont, us, and any of our other affiliates who also are 
subsidiaries of Hyatt Hotels Corporation that currently, or may in the future, provide goods or 
services to you during the Franchise Agreement’s term, the “Hyatt Group.” 
The following companies are our affiliates who currently offer franchises or licenses in the 
United States and around the world.  The branded hotels that some of these affiliates operate or 
franchise might use the same reservations systems and other systems and processes as Brand 
Hotels. 
• 
Hyatt Franchising Canada Corp. (“Hyatt Franchising Canada”) has offered 
franchises for full service hotels operating in Canada since November 2007.  Hyatt 
Franchising Canada has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business.  Hyatt Franchising Canada’s principal business address is the same 
as our address. 
