impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each year using balances at October 1 and at interim dates if indicators of 
impairment exist. We use the relief from royalty method to estimate the fair value. When determining fair value, we utilize 
internally-developed discounted future cash flow models and third-party valuation specialist models, which include various 
assumptions requiring judgment, including projected future cash flows, discount rates, and market royalty rates. Our estimates 
of projected cash flows are based on historical data, internal estimates, and/or external sources, which are primarily Level Three 
assumptions, and are developed as part of our routine, long-term planning process. We then compare the estimated fair value to 
our carrying value. If the carrying value is in excess of the fair value, we recognize an impairment charge in asset impairments 
on our consolidated statements of income. For additional information about indefinite-lived intangible assets, see Note 9.
Guarantees—We enter into performance guarantees related to certain hotels we manage. We also enter into debt 
repayment and other guarantees with respect to certain unconsolidated hospitality ventures, certain hospitality venture partners, 
certain managed or franchised hotels, and indemnifications provided as a result of certain dispositions for liabilities incurred 
prior to sale. We record a liability for the fair value of these guarantees at their inception date. In order to estimate the fair 
value, we generally use either scenario-based weighting, which utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation or a probability-based 
weighting approach to model the probability of possible outcomes, or the with and without method under the income approach, 
which calculates the difference in present value of anticipated cash flows with and without the guarantee. The valuation 
methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding probability weighting, discount rates, volatility, hotel operating 
results, hotel property sales prices, and timing of expected cash flows, which are primarily Level Three assumptions. The fair 
value is not revalued due to future changes in assumptions. The non-cash corresponding offset depends on the circumstances in 
which the guarantee was issued and is generally recorded to equity method investments or key money assets. We amortize the 
liability for the fair value of a guarantee into income over the term of the guarantee using a systematic and rational, risk-based 
approach. Guarantees related to our managed or franchised hotels, hospitality venture partners, and indemnifications for 
liabilities incurred prior to sale are amortized into income in other income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income. 
Guarantees related to our unconsolidated hospitality ventures are amortized into income in equity earnings (losses) from 
unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income.
•
Performance and other guarantees—On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the likelihood of funding under a guarantee. To 
the extent we determine an obligation to fund is both probable and estimable based on performance during the period 
or facts and circumstances of the underlying indemnification liability, we record a separate contingent liability and 
recognize expense in other income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income.
•
Debt repayment guarantees—At guarantee inception and on a quarterly basis, we evaluate the risk of funding under a 
guarantee. We assess credit risk based on the current and forecasted performance of the underlying property, whether 
the property owner is current on debt service, the historical performance of the underlying property, and the current 
market, and we record a separate liability and recognize expense in other income (loss), net or equity earnings (losses) 
from unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income based on the nature of the 
guarantee.
For additional information about guarantees, see Note 4 and Note 15.
Income Taxes—We account for income taxes to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year 
and the amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from the future tax consequences of differences between the 
financial statements and tax basis of the respective assets and liabilities. We assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets 
and record a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets are not realizable. 
This assessment is completed by tax jurisdiction and relies on the weight of both positive and negative evidence available with 
significant weight placed on recent financial results. When necessary, we use systematic and logical methods to estimate when 
deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse and generate tax 
deductions.
We recognize the financial statement effect of a tax position when, based on the technical merits of the uncertain tax 
position, it is more likely than not to be sustained on a review by taxing authorities. We review these estimates and make 
changes to recorded amounts of uncertain tax positions as facts and circumstances warrant. For additional information about 
income taxes, see Note 14.
Stock-Based Compensation—As part of our LTIP, we award time-vested stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), time-
vested restricted stock units ("RSUs"), and performance-vested restricted stock units ("PSUs") to certain employees and non-
employee directors. In addition, non-employee directors may elect to receive their annual fees and/or annual equity retainers in 
the form of shares of our Class A common stock. Under the LTIP, we are authorized to issue up to 28,025,000 shares: 
•
SARs—Each vested SAR gives the holder the right to the difference between the value of one share of our Class A 
common stock at the exercise date and the value of one share of our Class A common stock at the grant date. The 
