59 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to make 
sales in the Area of Protection under the Proprietary Marks and other trademarks without 
compensating you.  You may use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, 
telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to advertise and market the Hotel outside of the Area of 
Protection with our approval.  Except for the CRS, you may not use the Internet or any other 
method to accept reservations for the Hotel. 
As described in Item 1, Hyatt Corporation and certain of its affiliates operate and/or grant 
franchises for various types of hotel, resort, spa, timeshare and other lodging facilities, other 
accommodations and hospitality affiliations that operate under the Hyatt® name and other trade 
names.  (We disclose the principal business addresses for Hyatt Corporation and some of these 
affiliates, and these other trade names, in Item 1.)  We share offices and/or training locations with 
Hyatt Corporation and some of its other affiliates.  These facilities may solicit and serve customers 
located near your Hotel’s location.  You should expect to find, now and in the future, facilities 
identified with the Hyatt® name and/or these other trade names, and other brands that we and our 
affiliates operate, franchise, or develop in the future, in your Area of Protection.  These facilities 
will sell goods and services similar to those that you will sell.  If conflicts arise between our 
franchisees and the franchisees and operators of these other facilities, we will analyze them and 
take the actions (if any) that we deem appropriate.  We also may (but need not) develop internal 
policies for dealing with conflicts.   
Item 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Hyatt Corporation registered the following principal Proprietary Marks on the Principal 
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “PTO”): 
Mark 
Registration No. 
Registration Date 
Hyatt
945,384
October 17, 1972
World of Hyatt 
Caption by Hyatt 
5,201,881 
6,901,600 
May 9, 2017 
November 15, 2022 
Hyatt Corporation has made all required renewal and affidavit filings for these 
registrations. 
Hyatt Corporation granted us the rights to use and sublicense the Proprietary Marks under 
a Trademark License Agreement dated November 1, 1993, as amended (the “Trademark License 
Agreement”).  That agreement has a perpetual term, subject to termination by Hyatt Corporation 
for cause.  Hyatt Corporation may terminate the agreement if it no longer owns a majority interest 
in us, if we fail to make a required payment and do not cure the failure within 7 days after notice, 
if we fail to maintain or require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s prescribed 
standards of quality and service and do not cure the failure within 30 days after notice, if we fail 
to comply with any other provision of the agreement and do not cure the failure within 30 days 
after notice, or if we have an insolvency event and do not cure the failure within 60 days after 
notice. If Hyatt Corporation terminates the Trademark License Agreement because we failed to 
maintain or failed to require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s standards of quality 
