Hyatt of Baja, S. de. R.L. de C.V.—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we received $21 million of proceeds 
related to the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investment and recognized an $8 million pre-tax gain in equity 
earnings (losses) from unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income, net of a $2 million 
reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss (see Note 16). At the time of sale, we had $28 million of 
outstanding financing receivables related to the unconsolidated hospitality venture, which were repaid in conjunction with the 
sale. Additionally, we retained long-term management and licensing agreements for the related hotel and residential units, 
respectively, upon sale.
We provided $10 million of seller financing with a maturity date of two years. Upon sale, we estimated the fair value of 
the seller financing to be approximately $8 million and recorded an unsecured financing receivable on our consolidated balance 
sheet. The fair value was estimated using a discounted future cash flow model and includes assumptions and judgments 
regarding the discount rate, which is primarily a Level Three assumption.
As part of total consideration, we may earn up to $13 million of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration 
will be earned upon the achievement of certain performance-based metrics subsequent to hotel opening. Upon sale, we recorded 
a $5 million contingent consideration receivable at fair value in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of 
the contingent consideration receivable was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to model the likelihood of achieving the 
performance-based metrics. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding discount rates and 
operating results, which are primarily Level Three assumptions.
Other—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we received $16 million of proceeds related to the sale of our 
ownership interest in an equity method investment and recognized a $12 million pre-tax gain in equity earnings (losses) from 
unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income. Following the sale, we continue to manage the 
related property under a long-term management agreement.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, we did not have any other activity.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received $23 million of proceeds related to the sale of our ownership 
interest in an equity method investment and recognized a $4 million pre-tax gain in equity earnings (losses) from 
unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income, net of a $5 million reclassification from 
accumulated other comprehensive loss. Following the sale, we continue to manage the related property under a long-term 
management agreement. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, an equity method investment, in which we 
hold an ownership interest, sold the underlying hotel to a third party, and we received $16 million of proceeds. We recognized a 
$15 million net gain in equity earnings (losses) from unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of 
income. Upon sale, we entered into a long-term franchise agreement for the property.
Marketable Securities
We hold marketable securities with readily determinable fair values to fund certain operating programs and for 
investment purposes. We periodically transfer available cash and cash equivalents to purchase marketable securities for 
investment purposes. 
Marketable Securities Held to Fund Operating Programs—Marketable securities held to fund operating programs, which 
are recorded at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets, were as follows: 
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Loyalty program (Note 10)
$ 
642 $ 
807 
Deferred compensation plans held in rabbi trusts (Note 10 and Note 13)
 
548  
489 
Captive insurance company (Note 10)
 
86  
94 
Total marketable securities held to fund operating programs
$ 
1,276 $ 
1,390 
Less: current portion of marketable securities held to fund operating programs included 
in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
 
(55)  
(320) 
Marketable securities held to fund operating programs included in other assets
$ 
1,221 $ 
1,070 
At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, marketable securities held to fund operating programs included:
•
$473 million and $330 million, respectively, of AFS debt securities with contractual maturity dates ranging from 
2025 through 2069. The amortized cost of our AFS debt securities approximates fair value;
