25 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
Franchisee may not use any Proprietary Mark in advertising the transfer, sale, or other 
disposition of the Hotel or an ownership interest in Franchisee or any of its Owners without Hyatt’s 
prior written consent, which Hyatt will not unreasonably withhold.  Franchisee agrees to display 
the Proprietary Marks as Hyatt periodically prescribes at the Hotel and on advertising and other 
materials Hyatt periodically designates.  Franchisee agrees to give the notices of trade and service 
mark registrations that Hyatt periodically specifies and to obtain any fictitious or assumed name 
registrations required under applicable law. 
11.3
Notification of Infringements and Claims.  Franchisee agrees to notify Hyatt 
immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to Franchisee’s use of any Proprietary 
Mark, Copyrighted Materials, or Confidential Information, or of any person’s claim of any rights 
in any Proprietary Mark, Copyrighted Materials, or Confidential Information, and not to 
communicate with any person other than Hyatt, its Affiliates, and its and their attorneys, and 
Franchisee’s attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim.  Hyatt and its Affiliates 
may take the action it and they deem appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any 
Proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim or otherwise concerning any 
Proprietary Mark, Copyrighted Materials, or Confidential Information.  Franchisee agrees to sign 
any documents and take any other reasonable actions that, in the opinion of Hyatt’s and its 
Affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain Hyatt’s and its Affiliates’ 
interests in any Proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain Hyatt’s and its Affiliates’ interests 
in the Proprietary Marks, Copyrighted Materials, and Confidential Information.  Hyatt or its 
Affiliate will reimburse Franchisee’s reasonable out-of-pocket costs for taking any requested 
action. 
11.4
Discontinuing Use of Proprietary Marks.  If it becomes advisable at any time for 
Hyatt and/or Franchisee to modify, discontinue using, and/or replace any Proprietary Mark and/or 
to use one or more additional, substitute, or replacement trade or service marks, Franchisee agrees 
to comply with Hyatt’s directions within a reasonable time after receiving notice.  Neither Hyatt 
nor its Affiliates will reimburse Franchisee for any costs or expenses incurred in connection with 
such directions, including expenses of changing the Hotel’s signs, any loss of revenue due to any 
modified or discontinued Proprietary Mark, or Franchisee’s expenses of promoting a modified or 
substitute trademark or service mark.  Hyatt’s rights in this Section 11.4 apply to any and all of the 
Proprietary Marks (and any portion of any Proprietary Mark) that this Agreement authorizes 
Franchisee to use.   
11.5
Confidential Information.  Hyatt and its Affiliates possess (and will continue to 
develop and acquire) Confidential Information, some of which constitutes trade secrets under 
applicable law.  Franchisee agrees that the Confidential Information is proprietary to Hyatt and its 
Affiliates, includes Hyatt’s and its Affiliate’s trade secrets, and is disclosed to Franchisee only on 
the condition that Franchisee agrees, and Franchisee hereby does agree, that Franchisee:  (a) will 
not use (or allow any of its Affiliates to use) Confidential Information in any other business or 
capacity; (b) will keep confidential each item deemed to be a part of Confidential Information, 
both during and after the Term (afterward for as long as the item is not generally known in the 
hotel industry); (c) will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed 
via electronic medium or in written or other tangible form; and (d) will adopt and implement 
reasonable procedures that Hyatt periodically specifies to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure 
of Confidential Information.   
