24 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
between (i) the amount that would have been payable pursuant to Section 16.5 at the time 
of termination, less (ii) the amount of liquidated damages actually paid at the time of 
termination pursuant to this Section 10.2. 
ARTICLE XI 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
11.1
Ownership and Goodwill of Proprietary Marks, Copyrighted Materials, and 
Confidential Information.  Hyatt’s Affiliate has licensed the Proprietary Marks, Copyrighted 
Materials, and Confidential Information to Hyatt to use and sublicense in franchising, developing, 
and operating Brand Hotels.  Franchisee’s right to use the Proprietary Marks, Copyrighted 
Materials, and Confidential Information is derived only from this Agreement and is limited to 
Franchisee’s developing and operating the Hotel according to this Agreement and all System 
Standards that Hyatt prescribes during the Term.  Franchisee’s unauthorized use of the Proprietary 
Marks, Copyrighted Materials, or Confidential Information is a breach of this Agreement and 
infringes Hyatt’s and its Affiliate’s rights in them.  Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks, 
Copyrighted Materials, and Confidential Information and any goodwill established by that use are 
exclusively for Hyatt’s and its Affiliate’s benefit, and this Agreement does not confer any goodwill 
or other interests in the Proprietary Marks, Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information 
upon Franchisee, other than the right to develop and operate the Hotel under this Agreement.  
Franchisee may not at any time during or after the Term contest or assist any other person or entity 
in contesting the validity, or Hyatt’s and its Affiliate’s ownership, of any of the Proprietary Marks, 
Copyrighted Materials, or Confidential Information. 
11.2
Limitations on Franchisee’s Use of Proprietary Marks.  Franchisee shall use the 
Proprietary Marks, along with a Market Descriptor designated or approved by Hyatt, as the sole 
identification of the Hotel.  The Market Descriptor is not a Proprietary Mark.  Hyatt makes no 
representation concerning Franchisee’s right to use any Market Descriptor requested by Franchisee 
and approved by Hyatt.  Hyatt has the right to require Franchisee to change, or discontinue use of 
any previously-approved, Market Descriptor and to substitute an alternative Market Descriptor in 
its place as Hyatt deems necessary or advisable, and Franchisee agrees to promptly adhere to 
Hyatt’s instructions in connection therewith.  Franchisee (or the Management Company) must 
identify itself as the Hotel’s independent owner (or operator) in the manner that Hyatt periodically 
specifies.  Franchisee may not use any Proprietary Mark  (a) as part of any corporate or legal 
business name; (b) with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols 
(other than logos Hyatt licenses to Franchisee); (c) in providing or selling any unauthorized 
services or products; (d) as part of any domain name, homepage, meta tags, keyword, electronic 
address, or otherwise in connection with a website (unless Hyatt has approved such use in 
advance); or (e) in any other manner Hyatt has not expressly authorized in writing.  Franchisee 
(and, if applicable, any restaurant operators at the Hotel) may use the Proprietary Marks in 
connection with any Hotel restaurant operations only with Hyatt’s prior written consent and in 
compliance with all System Standards relating thereto.  If Hyatt discovers Franchisee’s 
unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks, in addition to Hyatt’s other rights and remedies under 
this Agreement and applicable law, Hyatt may require Franchisee to destroy (with no 
reimbursement from Hyatt) all offending items reflecting such unauthorized use.
