40 
Caption by Hyatt 2025-2026 FDD 
1615807278.3 
other brands to the Hotel System.  We have no formal criteria to determine which franchisees will 
receive financial assistance or the amount or timing of the assistance.  The terms of any financial 
assistance, including amount, interest rate, and repayment terms, will vary widely and depend on 
our agreement with the franchisee and its particular circumstances.  Our decision to offer financial 
assistance depends on what we think is best for us and the Brand Hotel franchise network.  We 
have no obligation to offer financial assistance to any franchisee.
Except as described above, neither we nor our affiliates offer direct or indirect financing.  
Neither we nor our affiliates guarantee your note, lease or obligation. 
Item 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND 
TRAINING 
Except as listed below, Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C. is not required to provide you with 
any assistance. 
Before you begin operating the Hotel, we or another member of the Hyatt Group will: 
(1)
Approve a site for the Hotel that meets our requirements.  We do not provide 
any site selection assistance or specify an area within which you may look for a site.  We 
do not own hotel premises and lease them to franchisees.  In determining whether to 
approve a site, we consider, among other things, demographic characteristics, traffic 
patterns, parking, visibility, allowed signage, the predominant character of the 
neighborhood, competition from other lodging facilities in the area, the nature of other 
businesses near the site, and other commercial characteristics (including the purchase price 
or rental obligations and other lease terms) and the proposed site’s size, appearance, and 
other physical characteristics.  You may not develop a Brand Hotel at a site that we do not 
approve.  We and you will not sign a Franchise Agreement until you have located and we 
have approved the Hotel’s site.  If you are converting an existing hotel from another brand 
to the Hotel System, we will inspect the hotel and prepare a PIP to provide details on our 
upgrade requirements.  Each Comfort Letter Party must sign a comfort letter or similar 
agreement that we reasonably specify.  (Sections 2.1 and 2.7 of Franchise Agreement)  
(2)
Communicate our then current specifications and requirements for 
designing and developing a Brand Hotel, including the Design and Construction Standards.  
We will provide a briefing virtually, at our headquarters, or at another location we 
designate, to acquaint your managing owner or senior operations officer with our building 
process and support structure.  If you are constructing a new Hotel at the site, you must 
design and construct the Hotel according to our Design and Construction Standards and 
Hotel System.  If you are converting an existing hotel from another brand to the Hotel 
System, you must renovate the Hotel according to the PIP, which may reference some or 
all of our Design and Construction Standards and the Hotel System.  The PIP is attached 
to the Franchise Agreement when we and you sign it.  You may not make any material 
changes to plans set forth in the PIP (including any changes to any structural or life safety 
equipment or systems, the number and/or type of guest rooms or common areas, or any 
architectural features), without our prior written consent, which we will not unreasonably 
