                    Pizza Hut, LLC  1700 Corporate Drive  Plano, TX 75024  972-338-7700 


                                        CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
This Confidentiality Agreement (“Agreement”) is being entered into between Pizza Hut, LLC (“PHLC”) and
                                 (“you” or “your”) on the dates set forth below.
PHLLC and you plan to discuss matters relating to the possible development or acquisition of Pizza Hut®
restaurants (“Contemplated Transaction”), which discussions PHLLC may end at any time, without notice.
PHLLC may also modify its procedures relating to the Contemplated Transaction at any time, in its sole
discretion, without notice.
In the course of your discussions with PHLLC, one party may disclose to the other data and/or information
that is proprietary and/or confidential, including without limitation the disclosing party’s (or its affiliates’)
trade secrets (PHLLC’s trade secrets, “Brand Standards”), and non-public information related to the
business, future plans and strategies, sales, finances, operations, assets, leases, or affairs of the disclosing
party or its affiliates, whether provided to the other party before or after the date hereof, orally or in writing,
in connection with the Contemplated Transaction, including, without limitation, the fact that the
Contemplated Transaction is being discussed with PHLLC (collectively, ”Transaction Information”).
PHLLC and its representatives make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness
of any Transaction Information.
Additionally, if the Contemplated Transaction closes, PHLLC plans to provide you and your employees with
certain training (“Training”). This Training may include information regarding trade areas and markets,
System Restaurant performance and financial information, asset development costs, recipes, processes,
product mix, sales data, restaurant training, training courses and related documentation, technical
knowledge, business and marketing plans, operational data and customer lists, and any other material or
information that due to its character and nature a reasonable person under like circumstances would treat
as confidential (collectively, “Training Information”) (Transaction Information and Training Information,
collectively, “Confidential Information”).
The parties hereby agree that the receiving party will not (i) except as otherwise provided in the following
paragraph, disclose any Confidential Information to any third party; (ii) use any Confidential Information for
any purpose or in any manner other than in connection with the Contemplated Transaction or Training, as
applicable; or (iii) disclose the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place or have taken place
regarding the Contemplated Transaction or potential business relationship between PHLLC and you. In the
event the discussions between the parties end without an executed written agreement with respect to the
Contemplated Transaction, all parties will return promptly to the disclosing party all written Confidential
Information previously disclosed by such party and will discard any copies thereof.
You may disclose Transaction Information, but not Training Information, to prospective lenders or other
professional advisors in connection with the Contemplated Transaction; provided that, as a condition to
such disclosure, such lender or advisor agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and provided
further that any disclosure of Transaction Information to such lender or advisor is limited to the information
necessary for such third party to evaluate the Contemplated Transaction and consult with you in connection
with the Contemplated Transaction. Any use by any prospective lender or other professional advisor of any
Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with the Contemplated Transaction is
strictly prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, any such third party is prohibited from using any
Confidential Information in connection with the possible sale of other restaurant brands affiliated with Yum!
Brands, Inc. and its affiliates, including but not limited to, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC and KFC US, LLC. Any
breach of this Agreement or disclosure of Confidential Information by your lenders or advisors will be
considered a breach of this Agreement by you.
PHLLC and you acknowledge and agree that the obligations set forth above will not apply to any information
that (i) is in the possession of the receiving party at the time of disclosure; (ii) is or becomes known to the
public generally through no fault of the receiving party; (iii) is obtained lawfully from a third party who is not
known by the receiving party to have obtained such information from the disclosing party under an obligation

                                                        1
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. F - Confidentiality Agreement
1334.003.003/442906
