         Hut Customer Loyalty Program may allow customers to earn points for each Pizza Hut
         purchase, which points may then be redeemed at the same or other Pizza Hut Restaurants
         for future Pizza Hut purchases. The details of any current or future Customer Loyalty Program
         will be memorialized in the Brand Standards and updated from time to time.
13.02 Our Conducting Tests of Programs, Products and Services at Your Restaurant(s)

    A. You understand that it is vital to the Pizza Hut System that it constantly evolve to maintain
       and advance its competitive position and respond to changes in consumer preferences,
       demographics, equipment and technology.

    B. Accordingly, you agree that you shall, upon our request, utilize the facilities and personnel of
       your Restaurant(s) to test the preparation and sale of new or modified food and beverage
       items and other products, services and programs and also to test new or improved
       equipment, technology and procedures (including delivery methods, platforms, or systems
       as we may prescribe) from time to time as we may require. Such testing at your Restaurant(s)
       will be designed to minimally interfere (or not interfere at all) with the operations and activities
       of your Restaurant(s). You agree to furnish us all necessary or desirable cooperation in
       connection with our tests, including making your personnel available to us to for consultation
       and test reviews. We shall not recompense you for any of your expenses associated with
       facilitating our testing requests.
13.03 Assumed Name Certificate

You will promptly file and publish, in all states and counties in which your franchised Business does
business, a certificate of doing business under an assumed or fictitious name. You will indicate in
each certificate that you are doing business as “Pizza Hut” under a franchise from us. You will furnish
a certified copy of each certificate to us promptly after its filing.
13.04 Prices

    A. Except as provided below, you will establish, in your sole discretion, prices for all Approved
       Products and other products and services sold by you.

    B. You understand and agree that because enhancing Pizza Hut’s interbrand competitive
       position and consumer acceptance for Pizza Hut food and beverage items, other products,
       and Pizza Hut programs and services is a paramount goal of you, us and our other
       franchisees, and because this objective is consistent with the long term interest of the System
       overall, we may exercise rights with respect to your pricing of Pizza Hut programs and
       services to the fullest extent permitted by then-applicable law. These rights may include
       prescribing the maximum retail prices which you may charge for the foregoing; suggesting
       retail prices; and, otherwise mandating, directly or indirectly, the maximum prices which you
       may charge. We may engage in such activity either periodically or throughout the Term of
       this Agreement. Further, we may in our business judgment engage in such activity only in
       certain geographic areas (cities, states, regions) and not others; with respect to certain of the
       System Restaurant Concepts but not others; or, with regard to certain subsets of Pizza Hut
       Restaurants and not others. You acknowledge and agree that any maximum prices we
       prescribe or suggest may or may not optimize the revenues or profitability of your franchised
       Business and you irrevocably waive any and all claims arising from or related to our
       prescription or suggestion of your franchise Business’s retail prices. However, subject to the
       terms and conditions set forth above in this Section 13.04, nothing in this Agreement may be
       construed to prevent you from otherwise freely establishing your own prices.


                                                        22
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
