1.20 “Order” means an order for Pizza Hut Products placed by a Franchisee Customer through the Pizza Hut
Digital System that is successfully transmitted by Supplier and received by the appropriate Franchisee Restaurant
Location pursuant to delivery trade area criteria of such Franchisee Restaurant Location.
1.21   “Parties” means Franchisee and Supplier.
1.22 “Period” means four (4) consecutive calendar weeks corresponding with the 4 week intervals of Pizza Hut
LLC’s established fiscal year.
1.23 “Personal Information” means a person’s name, address, birth date, Social Security number, driver’s license
number or state-issued ID, financial/bank account number, credit or debit card number, or other personally
identifiable information.
1.24 “PHI Customers” means any customer ordering Pizza Hut Products from PHI Restaurant Locations through
the Pizza Hut Digital System.
1.25 “PHI Database” means a database created and maintained by PHI containing information pertaining to PHI
Customers.
1.26 “PHI Marks” means all source identifiers used from time to time by Pizza Hut, LLC (“PHI”) and Franchisee in
connection with the offer and sale of Pizza Hut Products.
1.27 “PHI Restaurant Location(s)” means any or all, as the context may so require, PHI owned and operated Pizza
Hut restaurants and corresponding street address locations which shall be subject to amendment and updating from
time to time by PHI, subject to the requirements set forth herein.
1.28 “Pizza Hut Digital System” means the portion of the Internet Order System devoted exclusively to the Pizza
Hut Products and services of PHI and/or any participating Franchisees for the exclusive use of PHI, Franchisees,
and System Customers. For clarity, the Pizza Hut Digital System includes the Pizza Hut Web Site, the Pizza Hut
Mobile App, the Stores Administration Portal, and the APIs.
1.29 “Pizza Hut Mobile App” means the portion of any mobile applications developed or maintained by Supplier,
including, by way of example, software used on mobile devices and smartphones such as Android, iPhone, iPad,
Blackberry, Windows and so forth, made available, directly or indirectly, by PHI that enable PHI Customers to order
Pizza Hut Products from PHI Franchisee Restaurants through the Pizza Hut Digital System.
1.30 “Pizza Hut Products” means food, beverage, promotional items and other products approved by PHI for sale
in System Restaurants, including without limitation products from other restaurants such as Taco Bell, KFC, or any
other present or future restaurant concepts that also include a branded Pizza Hut business as a component of the
restaurant.
1.31   “Pizza Hut System” means PHI and its Franchisees.
1.32 “Pizza Hut Web Site” means the web site identified by the domain name pizzahut.com and all elements
contained therein and any other URL designators of PHI’s choice so long as such URL designators are associated
with Pizza Hut LLC’s primary business. For clarity, the Pizza Hut Web Site includes all extensions thereof, including
but not limited to Pizza Hut’s mobile web site.
1.33 “Problem” means a condition identified from multiple Incidents exhibiting common symptoms or from a single
significant Incident for which the cause is unknown.
1.34 “Real-time” means the standard, at least as high as maintained for companies with comparable assets and
customer service levels as the Pizza Hut System, for the transmission and receipt of electronic customer ordering
and order verification information utilizing Internet communication services, taking into account the level of
responsiveness consistent with industry standards for food carry-out or delivery services that a user senses as
sufficiently immediate to keep up with its real-world counterpart, and which takes into account factors relating to
delays inherent in equipment and telecommunications systems such as the Internet, the packet switched mechanism


                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                         5
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
