                                    Section in Location
           Provision               Franchise Agreement                                    Summary

  b.   Renewal or extension of   Section 4.02                You can enter into 2 consecutive Renewal Franchise Agreements
       the term                                              for a term of 5 years each if you meet certain requirements. If the
                                                             FA covers multiple Restaurants with opening dates beyond the
                                                             required opening date of the first Restaurant, then the first
                                                             Renewal Term of each such Restaurant is 5 years from the
                                                             expiration of the Restaurant’s Initial Term and the second
                                                             Renewal Term is 5 years from the expiration of the Restaurant’s
                                                             first Renewal Term. Renewal Franchise Agreements may be on
                                                             our then-current form of franchise agreement which may differ
                                                             materially from the FA, but there will be no initial franchise fee, no
                                                             change in the Protected Radius or the limited renewal rights under
                                                             the FA, and the Monthly Service Fee will not be greater than what
                                                             we then impose on similarly situated renewing franchisees.

                                                             Your renewal right permits you to remain as a franchisee after the
                                                             initial term or the first renewal term expires. However, to remain a
                                                             franchisee, you must meet all required conditions to renewal
                                                             including signing our then-current form of franchise agreement,
                                                             which may be materially different than the form attached to this
                                                             disclosure document.
  c.   Requirements for you to   Section 22.01               You must: give us timely written notice of your desire to renew
       renew or extend                                       and follow our renewal process; have performed your obligations
                                                             (including monetary obligations to us and our affiliates) at all times
                                                             and be current on all payments to us, our affiliates, your landlord
                                                             and material suppliers; be current on all Restaurant maintenance,
                                                             asset upgrade obligations and Brand Standards requirements;
                                                             have possession of the Locations during the renewal term or
                                                             obtain our consent to relocate; satisfy our qualification and
                                                             training requirements; sign a general release (on our then-current
                                                             form); pay a renewal fee on a per Restaurant basis; and sign our
                                                             then curren form of renewal franchise agreement.
  d.   Termination by you        Not applicable

  e.   Termination by PHLLC      Not Applicable
       without Cause
  f.   Termination by PHLLC      Article 23                  We may terminate the FA only if you default. If we terminate under
       with cause                                            Section 23.04, termination may include less than all of the
                                                             Restaurants covered by the FA.
  g. “Cause” defined defaults    Sections 5.07, 23.03, and   At our option following a 30-day cure period if you fail to open a
  which can be    cured          27.01                       relocated Restaurant within 12 months after closure of the original
                                                             Restaurant. Failure to comply with the FA or Brand Standards or
                                                             to act in good faith and to cure within 30 days or as noted below,
                                                             including: failure to pay amounts owed us, our affiliates or a lender
                                                             when due or submit required information (10 day cure for a
                                                             second default in any 12 month period); sale of unauthorized
                                                             products, programs or services; unresolved trade account
                                                             delinquencies; misuse of the Pizza Hut Marks or trade dress or
                                                             use of confusingly similar marks and failure to cure within 24
                                                             hours; failure to provide Adequate Delivery Service, pay taxes,
                                                             honor the indemnity, or operate in compliance with Brand
                                                             Standards; a guarantor’s failure to comply with the Guarantee;
                                                             failure to satisfy or appeal a judgment within 30 days; failure to
                                                             construct or open a System Restaurant as required; diversion or
                                                             improper exploitation of our proprietary products, services or
                                                             programs or those under Systemwide Supply Contracts. We may
                                                             terminate on 30 days’ notice if an event of Force Majeure extends
                                                             for more than 90 days.



                                                        43
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
