however, that no consent shall be required in connection with a transaction that does not constitute a Change in
Control under Section 12.5 of the Amended and Restated MSA.
15.3     The Parties will comply with all applicable laws, whether foreign, federal, state or local.
15.4     Both Parties have had ample opportunity to use counsel and to negotiate this Agreement so that neither
party will be considered as the drafter of this Agreement against whom interpretation should be made. This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior and contemporaneous understandings and representations between the Parties relating thereto. This
Agreement may be modified only in writing executed by an officer of the Party to be charged, and may not be
modified by the terms of any purchase order, invoice, or other document, or by any usage, custom, or course of
dealing.
15.5       Neither Party is liable for any delays or failures in its performance hereunder resulting from circumstances
or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, force majeure acts of God, acts or threatened
acts of terrorism, war or other violence, or any law, order or requirement of any governmental agency or authority
(but excluding orders or requirements pertaining to tax liability), failure of third parties’ interconnect equipment or
facilities,, or public utilities, fire, storm, natural disaster, delay or failure of transportation or supplies. In the event of
such delay or failure, the other Party does not have any duty to perform related responsibilities, and also has the
right to cancel this Agreement as for uncured breach, if the delay is reasonably expected to last more than 30 days.
15.6    Supplier is performing the Services as an independent contractor, not an employee, partner, joint venturer,
or agent of Franchisee, and neither Party has or may represent that they have authority to bind the other, or be or
become liable or bound by any representation, act or omission whatsoever of the other.
15.7   If any term or condition of this Agreement is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement will remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
15.8     The section headings used herein are for reference and convenience only and will not affect the
interpretation hereof.
15.9     Articles 8 (Intellectual Property), 9 (Warranties), 10 (Disclaimers), 11 (Indemnification), 12 (Confidential
Information) and 13 (Term and Termination) shall survive any expiration or termination (by any means) of this
Agreement.
15.10 No single or multiple delay, failure to exercise, or partial exercise of any right or remedy will operate as a
waiver thereof unless agreed to in writing by the Party to be bound thereby.
15.11 This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of Texas, without regard
to its conflict of laws principles. The Parties agree each to consult regularly in good faith to resolve any disputes.
ARTICLE 16 – DATA PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY.
16.1     Any Personal Information collected, or otherwise possessed or controlled, by Supplier in the course of
performing its Services, or Deliverables hereunder, will be collected, secured and maintained in accordance with
PHI’s privacy policy as provided at https://order.pizzahut.com/privacy-policy as of the Effective Date of the Amended
and Restated MSA, as well as any international, federal, state or local privacy and/or security laws or regulations
applicable to the collection, use, transfer or storage of such Personal Information or the Services, or Deliverables
(“Privacy Laws”). Each Party will perform its obligations hereunder in such a manner as not to cause the other Party
to be in violation of the Privacy Laws.
16.2     All Personal Information is and will remain the property of PHI or Franchisee, as applicable, and/or subject
to the privacy rights of the individuals from whom the Personal Information is collected. Supplier will collect, use,
access, maintain, and disclose or share the Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, or as otherwise required by law and/or permitted by Franchisee. Supplier may not
otherwise use or modify the Personal Information, merge it with other data, commercially exploit it, disclose it, or do
any other thing that may in any manner adversely affect the integrity, security or confidentiality of such Personal

                                                 QuikOrder, LLC
                                     7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                              23
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
