components as the cost will depend on your repair history, local costs of computer maintenance
services in your area and technological advances. In the future, you may be required to purchase
newly developed modes of computerization, as well as improvements to or modifications of, your
Computer System.
    Our affiliates Pizza Hut Connect, LLC, National Systems, LLC, and Pizza Hut Digital UK Ltd.,
are currently the only approved suppliers of the software included in the Computer System. When
you sign the Location Franchise Agreement, you must also sign the following agreements with
our affiliates:
    1. with, Pizza Hut Connect, LLC, the SUS/FMS License and Support Agreement (Appendix
       K to the Location Franchise Agreement), for certain back of house, point-of-sale, help desk
       services, for use at System Restaurants.
    2. with, National Systems, LLC, on behalf of itself and our other affiliate QuikOrder, LLC, the
       QuikOrder Amended and Restated Online Order Agreement — Franchisee Adoption
       Agreement (Appendix L to the Location Franchise Agreement), for certain services related
       to internet ordering from System Restaurants.
    3. with, Pizza Hut Connect, LLC, the HutBot Digital Program Agreement (Exhibit L to this
       Disclosure Document), for certain services and digital programs designed to enhance
       operation and streamline job execution.
   If you offer delivery via DaaS, you must use Dragontail’s KMX services and must sign the
Dragontail Franchisee Adoption Agreement with our affiliate, Dragontail Systems Ltd, for certain
services related to the KMX system (Exhibit K to this Disclosure Document). Currently, the use of
DaaS is optional, but PHLLC anticipates it will be required in the future in which case Dragontail’s
KMX services will also be required.
    You must accurately, consistently and completely record and provide through the Computer
System software all information concerning the operation of your Restaurant(s) that we require in
the Brand Standards or the proprietary software.
     You must provide all assistance we require to bring your Computer System (including the
software) online with our computers at the earliest possible time and to maintain these
connections as we require. You must grant us access to all components of the Restaurant
Technology Suite (and other electronic systems), as we may reasonably require so that we may
retrieve from them all information that we consider necessary, desirable or appropriate.
    You must, at your expense, keep the Computer System and any other technology systems
current, supported, and in good maintenance and repair.
    Our cost of maintaining the equipment portion of the Computer System in System Restaurants
we own varies from $1,000 to 3,500 per unit, per year. Your maintenance cost will be similar,
depending upon the Approved Equipment you use, its age, and the maintenance vendor.
Although Pizza Hut Connect, LLC, will not charge you for licensing the Computer System
software, you must pay a restaurant technology fee (currently, $2,950 per year, subject to
increase at the beginning of any year upon 90 days’ written notice) for each System Restaurant
you operate. Currently, there is no separate fee charged for the HutBot subscription. In addition,
there are charges for various support services, including the help-desk high-use fee (outlined in
Item 6), which you must obtain from us or our affiliates as set out in the SUS/FMS License and
Support Agreement, and/or Tech Framework Agreement. For Dragontail’s KMX services, there is
a $240 per System Restaurant installation fee and an ongoing monthly fee of $75 per System
Restaurant. Under the Hut Forward Agreement, the collection of the Dragontail ongoing monthly



                                                 34
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
