         liabilities sought to be imposed against us arising from or related to (directly or indirectly) your
         failure to comply with the provisions of this Section 13.14.

    C. You will immediately notify us in writing of: (i) any breaches or suspected breaches of security
       (either electronic or physical) that may result in the unauthorized collection, access, use or
       disclosure of Personal Information; (ii) if you receive any oral or written notice of inquiry,
       investigation or review from any individual or administrative agency (such as the Federal
       Trade Commission or State Attorney Generals’ offices or other similar agency in countries
       outside of the U.S.) that arises out of, relates to or affects Personal Information within your
       control; or (iii) if you receive any communication or request from any customer or other data
       subject to access, correct, delete, opt-out of, or limit activities relating to any Personal
       Information. You will comply with our requests and make all reasonable efforts to assist us in
       relation to the investigation and remedy of any such breach of security and any claim,
       allegation, action, suit, proceeding or litigation with respect to the unauthorized access, use
       or disclosure of the Personal Information.

    D. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise, you agree that we
       do not control or own any of the following Personal Information (collectively, the “Restricted
       Data”): (a) any Personal Information of the employees, officers, contractors, owners or other
       personnel of us, our affiliates, or the Location; (b) such other Personal Information as we from
       time to time expressly designate as Restricted Data; and/or (c) any other Personal
       Information to which you do not have access. Regardless of any guidance we may provide
       generally and/or any specifications that we may establish for other Personal Information, you
       have sole and exclusive responsibility for all Restricted Data, including establishing
       protections and safeguards for such Restricted Data; provided, that in each case you agree
       to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, orders, and the guidance and codes issued
       by industry or regulatory agencies applicable to such Restricted Data.
13.15 Taxes

You shall promptly pay when due all taxes levied or assessed upon your franchised Business and
Restaurant(s), including all employment, workers’ compensation, and sales taxes and any use (or
analogous) taxes owed to any governmental body or supplier of goods, equipment, products,
services or other tangibles or intangibles sold, leased or otherwise conveyed to your franchised
Business and/or its Restaurant(s). In the event you have any bona fide dispute as to your liability for
taxes assessed, you may contest the validity of the amount of the tax in accordance with the
procedures of the taxing authority or Applicable Law. However, in no event shall you permit a tax
sale or seizure by levy of execution or similar writ or warrant, to occur against the premises of your
franchised Business, your Restaurant(s) or any improvements thereon.
13.16 Government Actions

You shall notify us in writing within five (5) days of the commencement of any action, suit or
proceeding and/or the issuance of any citation, order, writ, injunction, award or decree of any court,
agency or other governmental or quasi-governmental instrumentality which may adversely affect the
operation or financial condition of your franchised Business.
13.17 No Conflicting Agreements

During the Term of this Agreement, you may not be party to any contract, agreement, business entity
formation or governance document, mortgage, lease or restriction of any type which may conflict
with, or be breached by, the execution, delivery, consummation and/or performance of this
Agreement.

                                                        27
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
