         into a Renewal Franchise Agreement and such right will then automatically lapse and expire
         without further notice or action by us. If this occurs, this Agreement will terminate at the end
         of the Initial Term, except for the post-termination and post-expiration provisions of this
         Agreement which by their nature are intended to survive.

    F. Time is of the essence with regard to this Section 22.02.
22.03 Notice of Expiration

If applicable law requires us to give you notice of expiration of this Agreement at a specified time
prior to such expiration, and we have not done so, then the term of this Agreement will be extended
to the date following which our notice has been given and the legally required notice period has
expired.
                                       23. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION
23.01 Termination by Us-General

If more than one System Restaurant is embraced by this Agreement (as identified in Appendix B
hereto), then any termination of this Agreement by us forthcoming pursuant to Section 23.02 below
shall extend to all such System Restaurants and the entirety of your franchised Business pursuant
to this Agreement. If termination of this Agreement by us is forthcoming pursuant to Section 23.03
below, then in our sole business judgment, taking into account the nature of your breaches and
failures to cure same, such termination may embrace the subject System Restaurant(s) to which the
breaching activity pertained or, instead, we may terminate this Agreement with respect to some or
all of the System Restaurants embraced hereby (as identified in our notice of termination to you).
23.02 Termination by Us upon Notice – No Opportunity to Cure

You will have materially breached this Agreement and, in addition to all other remedies we have at
law or in equity, we may, at our option, terminate this Agreement and all rights granted under this
Agreement, without giving you any opportunity to cure the breach, effective immediately upon your
receipt of notice (which, whether sent by overnight courier, personal physical delivery or any other
manner authorized by Section 31.01 below, will be deemed to have been received by you upon
delivery or first attempted delivery of the notice to you) upon the occurrence of any of the following
events:
    A. Any of your System Restaurants is closed for business for more than 15 consecutive days,
       for reasons other than a casualty loss or an event of Force Majeure, without Franchisor’s
       prior written consent; you permanently lose the right to occupy a Location or otherwise forfeit
       the right to do or transact business in the jurisdiction where the System Restaurants are
       located; you abandon the franchise relationship established under this Agreement; any other
       agreement between you or your affiliates, on the one hand, and us or our affiliates, on the
       other hand, has been terminated.

    B. You cease operating the franchised Business

    C. You, your Qualified Operator, and/or any Related Person is convicted of a felony, fraud, crime
       involving moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense which we reasonably believe is related
       to your operation of the franchised Business, or is likely to have an adverse effect on the
       System, the Pizza Hut Marks, the goodwill associated with the Pizza Hut Marks or our interest
       in the System or Pizza Hut Marks.



                                                        56
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
