establish a link to any website we establish at or from any other website or page; or, at any time
establish any other website, social media or electronic commerce presence which in whole or in
part incorporates the “Pizza Hut” name or any name confusingly similar thereto, but only in
accordance with our Brand Standards and our prior written consent.
    We alone will be and remain the sole owner of the intellectual property rights, including but
not limited to trademarks and copyrights in and to all material which appears on any website or
social media page we establish and maintain, including any and all material you may furnish to
us. Ownership of all URLs and other identifiers associated with any such website or social media
sites will vest exclusively in us.
    We or our affiliates also maintain an intranet through which downloads of the Brand
Standards, other operations and marketing materials, exchanges of communications, System
discussion forums and systemwide communications (among other activities) can be effected.
Computer Systems
     You must purchase, utilize, maintain, retire, and replace the technology serving your
Restaurant and System Restaurants as and when we require in the Brand Standards or otherwise
in writing. This technology includes, but is not limited to, computer hardware, software, wired
and/or wireless internet connections and service, required dedicated telephone and, wherever
possible, power lines, “smart phone” automated customer purchase and tracking facilities, tablets,
and other computer-related accessories, peripherals, equipment, and related services that are
specified in the Brand Standards. To the extent available, you must also maintain high-speed,
broadband communications access and other high-speed capacity that we require for such
technology as well as, at all times, a functioning e-mail address for your Restaurant and such wi-
fi service for your customers as designated in the Brand Standards.
    Currently, you must use the Restaurant Technology Suite to operate your System
Restaurants. The Restaurant Technology Suite includes our approved: (i) POS (point-of-sale)
System (currently “SUS” but including any successor point-of-sale system we may require); (ii)
BOH (back of the house) System; (iii) KM (kitchen management) System; and (iv) HutBot System.
The POS System is used to process customer orders. The BOH System is used to forecast sales
(including related food and labor needs), track employee hours, and fulfill other internal functions.
The KM System is used to track the status of orders as they progress through the restaurant. The
HutBot System is a global innovative platform designed to enhance operation and streamline job
execution through the use of AI. You must adopt and utilize, at your expense, any successor
components of the Restaurant Technology Suite (including all hardware and software) which we
may designate in the future as supplanting or enhancing current components.
     The Restaurant Technology Suite and related programs, along with the hardware and
software necessary to run them, are collectively referred to as the “Computer System.” You must
acquire and use the Computer System in the operation of your System Restaurants. The
Computer System will assist you in order entry, cash out, delivery, inventory control, timekeeping
and payroll, cash control reports, and targeted marketing (if requested). We and/or our affiliates
will have the right, upon 24 hours advance notice and during normal operating hours, to enter and
inspect the hardware and software of your Computer System in your System Restaurant or
franchise office to determine compliance. The initial setup cost of the Computer System is
approximately $15,000 to $30,000 for a new System Restaurant paid to an approved vendor. We
can access the information stored in your Computer System, and there is no contractual limitation
on our right to do so. Except as otherwise indicated, neither we nor our affiliates nor any third
parties currently have any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or
support for the Computer System unless you have made arrangements with them to do so, and
we cannot estimate the cost of maintaining, updating or upgrading your Computer System or its

                                                 33
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
