    D. Employment Allegations. Should it ever be asserted that we are the employer, joint
       employer or co-employer or you or any of your employees in any private or government
       investigation, action, proceeding or other setting, you irrevocably agree to assist us in refuting
       and defending said allegation, including (if necessary) appearing at any venue we request to
       testify at our behalf (and, as may be necessary, submitting yourself to depositions, other
       appearances and/or preparing affidavits dismissive of any allegation that we are the
       employer, joint employer or co-employer of you or any of your employees). To the extent we
       are the only named party in any such investigation, action, proceeding or other setting to the
       exclusion of you, then should any such appearance by you be required or requested by us,
       we will compensate you for the reasonable costs associated with your appearing at any such
       venue (including travel, lodging and meals).

    E. Indemnification. Your indemnification of us and the other Franchisor Parties as set forth in
       Section 14.01, extends to and embraces any and all proceedings, claims and causes of
       action instituted by any of your employees, or by others, that arise from or are related to your
       employment practices or claims that we are the employer, joint employer or co-employer of
       you and/or your employees.

           27. UNAVOIDABLE DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM (FORCE MAJEURE)
27.01 Unavoidable Delay or Failure to Perform (Force Majeure)

    A. Except as provided below, any delay in our or your performance of any duties under this
       Agreement, or any non-performance of such duties, that is not your or our fault (as
       applicable), is not reasonably foreseeable and is not within your or our reasonable control or
       attributable to your or our acts, errors or omissions (as applicable) (such delay, an event of
       “Force Majeure”) – including, but not limited to, fire; floods; natural disasters; Acts of God;
       war; civil commotion; terrorist acts; any governmental act or regulation; any delays or defaults
       in deliveries by common carriers and/or postal services and/or overnight couriers; computer
       network outages; late deliveries or non-deliveries of goods or non-furnishing of services by
       third party suppliers; strikes; lockouts; and any other similar event beyond such party’s control
       - - will not constitute a breach or cause a default under this Agreement, provided, however,
       that we or you (as applicable) will take all steps reasonably possible to mitigate damages
       caused by such failure or delay.

    B. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such failure or delay continues for more than 90 days,
       we will have the right at any time thereafter during the continuance of such failure or delay to
       terminate this Agreement upon 30 days advance written notice to you.

    C. The foregoing shall not apply in any fashion, directly or indirectly, or excuse you in any fashion
       or at any time from your and your Related Persons’ obligation to indemnify us and the other
       Franchisor Parties (pursuant to Section 14.01 above); your obligation to maintain all of the
       insurance required by Article 15 above; or, your obligation to pay us and our affiliates all sums
       owed through the time of any aforementioned unavoidable delay or failure to perform.

    D. Upon the occurrence of an event of Force Majeure, the party affected thereby shall give
       prompt notice to the other party, together with a description of the event; the anticipated
       duration of such party’s inability to perform; and, a plan for restoring its ability to perform,
       which plan such party shall commence to undertake and complete at the earliest
       commercially reasonable time. In furtherance of the foregoing, if through no fault of your own
       one or more of your Restaurant(s) are destroyed or damaged in connection with an event of
       Force Majeure, you must apply within 30 days of such event for our consent to reconstruct

                                                        67
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
