         2.4.1    Orders. The Pizza Hut Digital System shall accept, collect, categorize, sort and distribute in Real-
time food delivery Orders received through the Pizza Hut Digital System from Franchisee Customers in accordance
with the ordering, pricing and delivery specifications of Franchisee.
        2.4.2    Transmission. The Pizza Hut Digital System shall electronically transmit and retransmit as
necessary, via a protocol selected by Supplier in cooperation with PHI as part of the Internet Order System, accurate
System Customer food orders to the correct System Restaurants based on criteria provided by Franchisee, for carry-
out or delivery to the System Customer’s location. Such transmission will relay for each Order, the System
Customer’s name, address, telephone number, order specifics, including price and other relevant details.
         2.4.3   Verification. The Pizza Hut Digital System shall verify that the Order transmitted by the Pizza Hut
Digital System has been received by the correct Franchisee Restaurant Location based on the street map database
provided to Supplier by Franchisee.
         2.4.4    Confirmation. The Pizza Hut Digital System shall send in Real-time a display confirmation and
follow-up with an e-mail confirmation to each Franchisee Customer after the Pizza Hut Digital System has verified
receipt of the Order by the appropriate Franchisee Restaurant Location. The e-mail confirmation will provide
information relating to the status of the Order, including estimated time of anticipated delivery or carry-out as obtained
from Franchisee, the details of the Pizza Hut Products ordered (i.e. ingredients chosen for pizza toppings), the total
cost of the Order, including applicable tax and any charge for delivery, and the physical address and telephone
number of the appropriate Franchisee Restaurant Location. Supplier will not be responsible for verifying or validating
the e-mail address provided by any Franchisee Customer.
2.5      Franchisee Customers’ Evaluation. Supplier agrees, if so directed by Franchisee, at additional cost to be
determined in good faith by the Parties and subject to Franchisee’s approval, to communicate with Franchisee
Customers as directed by Franchisee to determine their needs, expectations and the results of their experience
using the Pizza Hut Digital System and/or their overall experience with Franchisee (as it relates to, among other
things, product quality, hospitality and speed of service).
2.6     Franchisee Agreements. Franchisee agrees that it will provide PHI with at least thirty (30) days’ notice prior
to executing any agreements with Supplier for services beyond the scope of this Agreement.
2.7      Credit Card Processing. Subject to Exhibits D and E of the PH Master Agreements, Supplier shall ensure
that the Pizza Hut Digital System accepts above-store credit card processing through multiple merchant gateways
for the Pizza Hut Digital System.
2.8      Enhancements to Pizza Hut Digital System. The Pizza Hut Digital System shall contain, at a minimum, all
features and functionality contained in the Pizza Hut Digital System as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
         2.8.1   Upgrade to the Phoenix Platform. Supplier will upgrade the Services to a new cloud-based platform
                 (the “Phoenix Platform”). The Phoenix Platform shall provide modern, flexible features and
                 functionality in accordance with then-current prevailing industry standards, including but not limited
                 to updated, fully-documented, publicly-available APIs to facilitate third-party integrations. PHI and
                 Supplier will further detail the requirements governing the transition of Services to the Phoenix
                 Platform in the Phoenix SOW, which PHI and Supplier will finalize as soon as reasonably practicable
                 following the execution of the Amended and Restated SOW. For the avoidance of doubt, portions of
                 the current platform may be part of the Phoenix Platform and/or persist after Full Deployment.
                 2.8.1.1 Applicable Terms. The Phoenix SOW shall modify Supplier’s obligations and PHI’s rights
                         to facilitate hosting by a mutually-agreed cloud hosting provider (e.g., Amazon or Microsoft).
                         To the extent that components of the Internet Order System may require dedicated hosting
                         due to requirements of specific franchisees and/or technological limitations of cloud based
                         services to provide the features, reliability and compliance required by PHI as otherwise
                         specified in the Amended and Restated SOW, the requirements of the Amended and
                         Restated SOW shall continue to be Supplier’s obligations for those portions of the system
                         that remain in dedicated hosting so as to continue to provide the service levels required.
                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                            8
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
