4.02     Renewal Term and Renewal Agreement

    A. Renewal Right. You will have the right to enter into two consecutive successor Pizza Hut
       Franchise Agreements for your Restaurant(s) (each a “Renewal Franchise Agreement”),
       each featuring a term of five (5) years (each a “Renewal Term”), if you have complied with
       the procedures and satisfied the conditions for renewal specified in Article 22 below.

    B. Renewal Term. The first Renewal Term (if any) will begin on the day that the Initial Term
       expires and the second Renewal Term (if any) will begin on the date that the first Renewal
       Term expires. The Initial Term and any Renewal Term(s) are collectively referred to herein
       as the “Term” of this Agreement. If more than one Pizza Hut Restaurant is embraced by this
       Agreement and the required opening dates thereof are staggered beyond the required
       opening date for your first franchised Restaurant (as identified in Section 8.01 of this
       Agreement and identified in Appendix B hereto), then the Renewal Term of each such
       Restaurant shall be five (5) years commencing on the expiration of the Initial Term for such
       Restaurant (with respect to the first Renewal Term) and another five (5) years following the
       expiration of the first Renewal Term for such Restaurant (with respect to the second Renewal
       Term).

    C. Renewal Agreement. The first Renewal Franchise Agreement will supersede this
       Agreement and the second Renewal Franchise Agreement will supersede the first Renewal
       Franchise Agreement. Renewal Franchise Agreements may not take the form of this
       Agreement but, instead, may each take the form of our then-current franchise agreement and
       may materially vary from this Agreement in all respects, except that no Initial Franchise Fee
       will apply to you; your Protected Radius will remain the same; the limited renewal rights
       identified in this Agreement will be incorporated (as applicable); and, the Monthly Service
       Fees on renewal will not be greater than those we then impose on similarly situated renewing
       franchisees.

   5. PIZZA HUT RESTAURANT SITE SELECTION, CONSTRUCTION, TRADE DRESS AND
                            LEASE REQUIREMENTS

5.01     Restaurant Location

    A. Permitted Location Purpose. Except as provided in Section 5.08, you may operate your
       franchised Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) only from your approved Location(s), as identified in
       Appendix B, and may use said Location(s) for no other purpose than the operation of your
       franchised Pizza Hut Restaurant(s).

    B. Site Selection and Approval.
         1. You must secure our approval of any proposed Location. If you have done so before the
            execution of this Agreement, then the address of that Location will be set forth on
            Appendix B to this Agreement. If you have not proposed and secured our approval of a
            Location prior to the execution of this Agreement, then you will follow the procedures set
            forth in our Brand Standards (including site selection criteria, specifications, requirements
            and restrictions) and submit to us your proposed Location(s) for our advance written
            approval. Our determination will be final.
         2. It is of the essence to this Agreement that you select your Location(s), identify it/them to
            us, obtain our advance written approval and sign a lease approved by us (or provide proof
            of ownership) for your Location(s) in accordance with the Brand Standards and the
            required time frames set forth therein.
                                                        5
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
