         components or ingredients (including those used or sold by your franchised Business),
         whether or not a part of the System, through any alternative method or channel of distribution
         whatsoever, at wholesale, retail or otherwise, except for a Pizza Hut Restaurant of the type
         of System Restaurant Concept you are operating within your Protected Radius.

    C. Nontraditional Locations. You also understand and agree that we and/or our affiliates have
       the right to offer and sell (directly, or through other franchisees or licensees) Pizza Hut
       System Approved Products or other Approved Products services and programs at any and
       all nontraditional locations (as defined below), including nontraditional locations which may
       be partially or wholly situated within your Protected Radius, through the establishment of
       mobile units, concessions, “shop-in-shops,” System Restaurants or otherwise and that, by
       contrast, you are precluded from engaging in such activity absent our prior written consent
       (which we may withhold for any or no reason).

    D. Organizational or Institutional Customers. We may (and you may not without our prior
       written consent) enter into agreements to deliver Pizza Hut Approved Products and other
       System-approved food, beverages and other products to National, Regional and Institutional
       Accounts, which are organizational or institutional customers whose presence is not confined
       to your Protected Radius. These include (by way of example only): business entities with
       offices or branches situated both inside and outside your Protected Radius; government
       agencies, branches or facilities; guest lodging networks; healthcare networks; the military;
       and, any other customer whose presence is not confined to your Protected Radius. Only we
       will have the right to enter into contracts with such National, Regional and/or Institutional
       Accounts. If we receive orders for any Pizza Hut Restaurant Approved Products or other
       System-approved food, beverages or other approved products calling for delivery in your
       Delivery Area, then we may require you to fulfill such orders at the price we agree on with the
       customer. The procedures governing our National, Regional and Institutional Accounts
       program are set forth in our Brand Standards. Notwithstanding anything the contrary herein,
       you may deliver Pizza Hut Approved Products and other System-approved food, beverages
       and other products to guest lodging networks, healthcare networks and schools at any time
       during which we do not maintain such relationships.

    E. Waiver. You waive and release any claims, demands or damages arising from or related to
       any of the above activities described in this Section 3.04 and promise never to begin or join
       in any legal action or proceeding, or register a complaint with any government entity, directly
       or indirectly contending otherwise.

                                            4. TERM AND RENEWAL
4.01     Initial Term

The initial term (“Initial Term”) of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will continue
until ten (10) years from the opening date of the Restaurant (unless this Agreement is sooner
terminated in accordance with its provisions). If more than one Pizza Hut Restaurant is subject to
this Agreement (as identified in Appendix B), then the Initial Term of this Agreement as to any such
additional Restaurant will be ten (10) years from the opening date of each such Restaurant (as also
identified in Appendix B). The parties will mutually determine whether offsets of existing restaurants
assume the remainder of the Initial Term of the restaurant they replace or receive their own Initial
Term.




                                                        4
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
