                                      AMENDMENT TO PIZZA HUT, LLC
                                     LOCATION FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                     FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
The Pizza Hut, LLC Location Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) between the undersigned (“Franchisee”)
and Pizza Hut, LLC (“PHLLC”) shall be amended by the addition of the following language, which shall be
considered an integral part of the Agreement (“Amendment”):
                                     NORTH DAKOTA LAW MODIFICATIONS
1.      The North Dakota Securities Commissioner requires that certain provisions contained in franchise
documents be amended to be consistent with North Dakota law, including the North Dakota Franchise
Investment Law, North Dakota Century Code Annotated Chapter 51-19, Sections 51-19-01 through 51-19-17.
To the extent that the Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions
are hereby amended:
         a.       If the Franchisee is required in the Agreement to execute a release of claims or to
                  acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial review any statement,
                  misrepresentation or action that would violate the Law, or a rule or order under the Law, such
                  release shall exclude claims arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and
                  such acknowledgments shall be void with respect to claims under the Law.
         b.       Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or expiration of the
                  Agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions according to North Dakota Law. If
                  the Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which is inconsistent with North Dakota
                  Law, the covenant may be unenforceable.
         c.       If the Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the state of North
                  Dakota, the requirement is void with respect to claims under the North Dakota Franchise
                  Investment Law.
         d.       If the Agreement requires that it be governed by the law of a state, other than the state of
                  North Dakota, to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota Law, North Dakota Law
                  will control.
         e.       If the Agreement requires mediation or arbitration to be conducted in a forum other than the
                  state of North Dakota, the requirement may be unenforceable under the North Dakota
                  Franchise Investment Law. Arbitration involving a License purchased in the state of North
                  Dakota must be held either in a location mutually agreed upon prior to the arbitration or if the
                  parties cannot agree on a location, the location will be determined by the arbitrator.
         f.       If the Agreement requires payment of a termination penalty, the requirement may be
                  unenforceable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.
         g.       Any provision that provides that the parties waive their right to a jury trial may not be
                  enforceable under North Dakota law.
         h.       Any provision that provides that the Franchisee consent to a waiver of punitive and exemplary
                  damages may not be enforceable under North Dakota Law.
         i.       Any provision that requires the Franchisee to consent to a claims period that differs from the
                  applicable statute of limitations period under North Dakota Law may not be enforceable under
                  North Dakota Law.
2.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional
requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, with respect to each such provision, are met
independent of this Amendment. This Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional
requirements are not met.
3.       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchise in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement



Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
