of the Internet, the limitations of the customers’ and carriers’ systems being used, and other factors set forth in
Section 10.4, but excluding a Service Deficiency, as set forth below.
1.35 “Redundant Systems” means systems having similar sets of hardware and application software, contained
in hosting facilities that are at least 200 miles apart that provide redundancy in the event of failure of a critical
component of the system.
1.36 “Resolve” or “Resolution” means (i) with respect to an Incident, the implementation or provision of a fix or a
workaround that results in the Deliverables or Services conforming to and performing in accordance with this
Agreement; and (ii) with respect to a Problem, implementation or provision of a permanent fix that prevents any
further Incidents as a result of the Problem.
1.37 “Scheduled Downtime” means the scheduled and mutually agreed upon time to perform routine, non-
emergency or emergency maintenance on hardware, software or related equipment. All Scheduled Downtime will
be scheduled during the Maintenance Window.
1.38 “Service Deficiency” means, subject to terms and conditions set forth in Articles 3 and 4 herein and the
limitations set forth in Section 10.4, anything that prevents, delays or impairs or otherwise adversely impacts (i)
System Customers from placing orders through the Pizza Hut Digital System, or (ii) Supplier’s collection,
transmission and delivery of complete and accurate orders in Real-time to System Restaurants.
1.39 “Services” means those services set forth in Article 2, including order fulfillment, data processing and
electronic commerce services and any other Services set forth in this Agreement, all of which are deemed
Deliverables and also including the Pizza Hut Digital System, the Pizza Hut Web Site, the Internet Order Site, and
the Site.
1.40 “Site” means the web-based platform developed by Supplier that consists of one or more Internet web pages
devoted to the products and services of specific companies.
1.41 “Stores Administration Portal” means an administrative portal that allows members of the Pizza Hut System
to provide and access information regarding menus, pricing, promotions and billing.
1.42 “SUS” means Single Unit System, the proprietary computer software application developed, owned and
maintained by PHI for use in conjunction with accepting and filling orders for Pizza Hut Products.
1.43   “System Customers” means PHI Customers and/or Franchisee Customers, as the context requires.
1.44 “System Requirements” means hardware and software requirements that all participating Franchisee
Restaurant Locations must meet or exceed in order to use Services.
1.45   “System Restaurants” means the PHI Restaurant Locations together with Franchisee Restaurant Locations.
1.46   “Term” means the Initial Term and any Renewal Term(s) as set forth in Section 13.1.
1.47 “Tokenization” means the process of replacing sensitive data such as credit card data with unique
identification symbols (e.g., tokens) that retain all the essential information about the data without compromising its
security.
ARTICLE 2 – INTERNET ORDER SYSTEM AND SERVICES


2.1      Internet Order System. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the PH Master Agreements, Supplier
shall provide all components and services necessary to host, maintain and conduct the Pizza Hut Digital System, as
more fully set forth in the PH Master Agreements. Supplier shall establish a presence on the Site tailored to the
requirements of Franchisee, by devoting a web page or pages within the Site specifically for the exclusive use of
Franchisee.
2.2      Menu Items, Prices.

                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                          6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
