                                                  17. ADVERTISING
17.01 Administration of the Pizza Hut Advertising Fund

We or the IPHFHA (see below) will administer the Advertising Fund as follows:
A. Advertising Fund Contributions. As provided in Section 19.03, you agree to pay an
   Advertising Fund contribution in an amount equal to 4.75% of the prior month’s Gross Sales of
   each of your franchised Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) Your contribution, combined with the
   contributions made by all other Pizza Hut Restaurants, will constitute the Advertising Fund.
B. Advertising Committee Agreement. We are a successor party to the Advertising Committee
   Agreement. So long as this Advertising Committee Agreement is in effect, we may delegate our
   authority over, and control of, the Advertising Fund to the Advertising Committee (half of whose
   appointees are selected by us and the other half by IPHFHA). So long as the Advertising
   Committee Agreement is in effect, you must join and remain a member of IPHFHA; abide by its
   constitution, bylaws, rules and regulations; and, timely pay the dues that IPHFHA assesses its
   members for contribution to the Advertising Fund (as administered by the Advertising Committee
   under the Advertising Committee Agreement). The amount that you pay as dues to IPHFHA for
   national Advertising Fund contributions to be administered by the Advertising Committee will be
   credited, dollar for dollar, toward your Advertising Fund contribution requirements hereunder.
   We will remit to the Advertising Committee any Advertising Fund contributions paid to us by any
   Pizza Hut Restaurant. You hereby irrevocably agree to exercise all of your voting power in
   IPHFHA to implement an Advertising Fund contribution rate no lower than 4.75% of your
   Restaurant(s)’s prior month’s Gross Sales. So long as we have delegated our authority over,
   and control of, the Advertising Fund to the Advertising Committee, we will have no responsibility
   for the Advertising Fund or for the decisions made by the Advertising Committee (but we will
   nevertheless retain full and final control over all uses of the Pizza Hut Marks).
C. Administration of the Pizza Hut Advertising Fund. All advertising of the Pizza Hut System in
   the United States shall be centrally administered nationwide by the Advertising Committee (or,
   upon termination or expiration of the Advertising Committee Agreement, by us). In the course of
   its deliberations, the Advertising Committee (or we) may determine to allocate some, all or none
   of the Advertising Fund to any form of media or any other blend of advertising, marketing,
   promotion and public relations it determines (or, upon termination or expiration of the Advertising
   Committee Agreement, we determine). The Advertising Committee (or, as may be applicable,
   we) will direct all advertising programs with sole control over the creative concepts, materials
   and media used in such programs, and the placement and allocation of Advertising Fund
   advertising. You acknowledge that the Advertising Fund is intended to further general public
   recognition and acceptance of the Pizza Hut Marks for the benefit of the System. You further
   acknowledge that we and the Advertising Committee undertake no obligation in administering
   the Advertising Fund to make expenditures for you which are equivalent or proportionate to your
   contributions, to ensure that any particular franchisee benefits directly or pro rata from the
   placement of advertising or to ensure that any advertising impacts or penetrates your market
   area. The Advertising Fund is not a trust and neither we nor the Advertising Committee is a
   fiduciary with respect to the Advertising Fund. Neither the Advertising Committee nor we need
   expend payments to the Advertising Fund in the same year that they are received. Our and the
   Advertising Committee’s good faith decisions regarding expenditure of the Advertising Fund will
   be final and binding (though we and the Advertising Committee may, in our/its sole discretion,
   seek input from you and/or other franchisees regarding expenditures of the Advertising Fund).




                                                        36
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
