             described in Section 18.04 below) which will terminate this Agreement, except for your
             guarantees; any of your obligations to us or our affiliates which remain outstanding and/or
             unsatisfied; and, the post-termination and post-expiration provisions of this Agreement
             which, by their nature, are intended to survive.
         10. That the transferee has acquired, or will be able to immediately acquire following the
             execution of the new Franchise Agreement, all permits, licenses and other authorizations
             required by any federal, state or local, rule or regulation to operate the franchised
             Business. If applicable law enables you to transfer or assign any of the aforementioned
             permits, licenses and/or authorizations which you possess to the transferee, then you
             agree to do so immediately following our execution of the transferee’s new Franchise
             Agreement.
         11. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand and agree that you will remain fully liable
             and responsible for all of your obligations to us and our affiliates under this Agreement
             which relate to or arose in connection with the operation of your franchised Business prior
             to the effective date of the transferee’s new Franchise Agreement (specifically including
             your obligation to indemnify us and the other Franchisor Parties identified in Appendix A)
             and you agree to execute any and all documents we reasonably request to further
             evidence such liability.
         12. That we have the absolute right to require any owners or other parties having an
             Ownership Interest in the proposed transferee or the Restaurant Location to execute a
             guaranty substantially identical to the form included within our then-current franchise
             disclosure document.
         13. That the Total Sales Price of your sale, assignment or other Transfer is not so excessive,
             in our business judgment, that it jeopardizes the continued economic viability and future
             operations of the franchised Business and/or the transferee.
         14. That you and each of your Related Persons (including each Guarantor) execute a
             termination agreement and general release (on our then-current form) (i) terminating this
             Agreement (which termination will exclude, among other things, your guarantees, any of
             your obligations to us or our affiliates which remain outstanding and/or unsatisfied, and
             the post-termination and post-expiration provisions of this Agreement which, by their
             nature, are intended to survive) and (ii) releasing us and the Franchisor Parties of any
             and all claims, demands and causes of action which you and each of your Related
             Persons (including each Guarantor) may or might have against us and/or any of the
             Franchisor Parties through the date of execution of the transferee’s new Franchise
             Agreement.
         15. That all of the requirements of the transferee’s new Franchise Agreement concerning
             business entities must be complied with before we will execute the new Franchise
             Agreement and, as applicable, will continue to be complied with thereafter.
         16. That you furnish us with a copy of any proposed contract of Transfer (and any related
             agreements or documents we may otherwise require) and, promptly following execution,
             furnish to us a copy of the executed contract of Transfer (and any related agreements).
         17. That you pay us the transfer fee required by Section 19.06.
         18. That neither the proposed transferee, any of its Related Persons or any proposed
             Qualified Operator Directly or Indirectly owns, operates or has any Ownership Interest in,
             or has a material business relationship with, a Competitor of us or any of our affiliates
             (excluding an affiliate which administers a separate franchise network).

                                                        41
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
