D.        OFFER

          PHLLC agrees to provide the LMS Services to Franchisee, as follows:

          1.        Only for the Franchise Restaurant Locations for which Franchisee has completed all the
                    required steps for signing up restaurants, including execution of this Agreement, and all
                    other requirements set forth in Section B.

                    (a)       Any new restaurant locations opened by Franchisee during the Term of this
                              Agreement shall be covered by this Agreement; and

                    (b)       Any existing restaurant locations acquired by Franchisee during the Term shall be
                              covered by this Agreement. If and when Franchisee acquires restaurant locations
                              that have not previously utilized the LMS Services, PHLLC shall schedule
                              implementation.

           2.       Currently, there is no fee for use of the LMS Services.

E.        TERM AND TERMINATION

          1.        This Agreement will have an initial term commencing on the Effective Date and
                    continuing until terminated as provided in this Section E.

          2.        Termination Without Cause.

                    Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon sixty (60) days prior
                    written notice to the other party.

          3.        Termination for Cause by PHLLC.

                    PHLLC may immediately terminate this Agreement if any of the following occur:

                    (a)       If Franchisee breaches a material term or condition of this Agreement and fails to
                              cure such breach within thirty (30) days following written notice of the breach by
                              PHLLC;

                    (b)       If Franchisee ceases business operations, if a voluntary or involuntary petition in
                              bankruptcy is filed in the name of Franchisee and is not dismissed within sixty
                              (60) days, and/or if Franchisee makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
                              PHLLC may terminate this Agreement without notice;

                    (c)       If the majority and/or controlling ownership of Franchisee changes, and the new
                              majority owner and/or controller, as the case may be, fails to execute a new
                              Agreement with PHLLC for the LMS Services within sixty (60) days after the
                              change in majority ownership and/or control, or



                                                                      3
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. G - Pizza Hut Learning Management System Services and Support Agreement
1334.003.003/442907
