    All of your restaurant employees must successfully complete the mandatory BCM portion of
the Initial Training Program by completing all required online training through Learn! Now and the
associated on-the-job training. Your employees must complete this training within 30 days after
being hired or placed in the position. All of your restaurant management-level employees must
successfully complete PHLLC approved management training. We offer certain optional but
recommended training programs for various management-level employees (“LEAD On!”). If you
wish to provide our LEAD On! training to your employees, you must pay for all the training
materials and any incidental costs to providing the training.
    It is your decision whether to employ Restaurant Training Managers, Restaurant Training
Leaders, and/or Team Member Trainers to guide the LEAD On! training for your management-
level employees. Restaurant Training Managers, Restaurant Training Leaders, and Team
Member Trainers have generally completed the program through their development or have been
certified to teach by attending a Train the Trainers class. The instructional materials used in our
Train the Trainers class consist of the LEAD On! training platform. Instructors teaching the Train
the Trainers class have a minimum of 2 years of experience in the field relevant to the subject
taught and a minimum of 2 years operational experience with us. Training is scheduled by
Restaurant General Managers or Area Coaches as needed.
    We pay for the cost of developing both our mandatory and optional training programs. We
provide electronic copies of training materials via our portal available to Franchisees. You will pay
for any requested hard copies of mandatory training materials, all optional materials and all
expenses incurred by your trainees or attendees for any mandatory and/or optional training,
conferences, conventions or other meetings they attend (including their salaries, transportation
costs, meals, lodging and other living expenses, if applicable) and necessary hardware and
licensing costs, if applicable, for on-line or computer training.
On-Site Training or Assistance
    You may request on-site training or assistance at any time in accordance with guidelines we
may specify in the Brand Standards or otherwise. We are not obligated to provide on-site training
or assistance, but if we do, we may impose a reasonable fee for each day of on-site training or
assistance we provide. Timing is subject to the availability of our personnel.
Ongoing Training
   We may from time to time develop additional training programs which your Qualified Operators
and your System Restaurant manager(s) must attend and successfully complete. We will
determine the duration, curriculum and location of these future additional training programs, which
may be conducted in person or by means of a company intranet or other electronic means of
communication (such as web-based tutorials, video streaming or through other now or hereafter
developed media). We reserve the right to charge our then-current training fees for such
programs.
   In addition, we may from time-to-time conduct conferences, conventions or training session
programs. Your Qualified Operators and, at our election, your System Restaurant manager(s)
and other personnel reasonably designated must attend each such annual conference,
convention or training session at your sole expense (including salaries, travel, lodging, food and
other living expenses).




                                                 30
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
