6.03     Compliance with the Brand Standards, System and This Agreement

    A. Your franchised Pizza Hut Business and the Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) it operates must comply
       at all times with every provision of this Agreement, the System and the Brand Standards,
       unless we agree to a variance in writing. You may not use the System, the Pizza Hut Marks
       or the Brand Standards for the benefit of any business other than the franchised Business,
       its Restaurant(s), or any other Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) operated by you or your Affiliates
       pursuant to another agreement with us. You may not conduct (or permit anyone else to
       conduct) any business at your franchised Restaurant(s), other than as provided in this
       Agreement, without first obtaining our prior written consent, which we may withhold for any
       reason or no reason, other than as provided in this Agreement. You acknowledge,
       understand and agree that your strict compliance with the System, this Agreement and the
       Brand Standards are of the essence to this Agreement and are critically important to you, us
       and all other Pizza Hut franchisees, since your failure to adhere to the System, this
       Agreement and/or the Brand Standards may damage the reputation and goodwill enjoyed by
       the Pizza Hut Restaurant network and the Pizza Hut Marks.

    B. To the extent that we have furnished to you, or otherwise permitted you to inspect, the Brand
       Standards prior to your execution of this Agreement, you hereby irrevocably affirm and attest
       that you have reviewed our Brand Standards in detail and in their entirety; that the Brand
       Standards are commercially reasonable in all respects; that the Brand Standards do not in
       any fashion exceed our ability to promulgate Brand Standards under this Agreement.
6.04     Modifications to the System and Brand Standards

In the exercise of our reasonable business judgment, we may from time to time modify components
of the Pizza Hut System and requirements applicable to you by means of revised Brand Standards
including but not limited to adding to, deleting from or modifying those Approved Products and other
food and beverage items, products, programs and services which your franchised Business and
Restaurant(s) is authorized and required to offer; altering System policies, procedures, methods and
requirements; modifying or substituting required equipment, technology, signs, trade dress and other
Restaurant characteristics that you will be required to adhere to (subject to the limitations set forth
in this Agreement); requirements pertaining to capturing and relaying to us customer information and
data; and, changing, improving, modifying or substituting one or more of the Pizza Hut Marks. You
agree to implement any such System modifications and/or revised Brand Standards as if they were
part of the System at the time you entered into this Agreement. You acknowledge that because
uniformity under many varying conditions may not be possible or practical, we reserve the right to
materially vary our Brand Standards or franchise agreement terms for any particular franchised
Business based on the timing of the grant of the franchise, the peculiarities of the particular market
area or circumstances, business potential, population, existing business practices, other non-
arbitrary distinctions or any other condition which we consider important to the successful operation
of the franchised Business. You will have no right to require us to disclose any variation or to grant
the same or a similar variation to you.

                                        7. TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE
7.01     Initial Training Program

    A. Qualified Operators. You and each of your Qualified Operators must attend and
       successfully complete all of our required initial training programs (“Initial Training Program”
       or, currently, “First Slice”, including any additional or successor program(s) we may
       introduce), the substance and content of which we will provide at no additional expense for
       one initially appointed Qualified Operator of your franchised Business who we require to
                                                        10
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
