an Approved Distributor for any such item, you must obtain that item only from the Approved
Distributor.
Specifications
     We may from time to time provide specifications governing the minimum standards for food
and beverage items, other products, programs, services and/or equipment required to be used in
or sold by your System Restaurant for which we do not designate a required source of supply.
We will include such specifications in the Brand Standards or in other written or electronic notices
transmitted to you. We may add to, modify, delete or revoke any specifications in writing from time
to time.
Insurance
     You must obtain and maintain insurance policies required by the Brand Standards with
insurers satisfactory to us. The current minimum insurance coverage must be purchased from a
carrier that is A.M. Best Rated at least “A” and includes: (i) commercial general liability insurance
- $3,000,000 for bodily injury and property damage and $6,000,000 for a general policy aggregate;
(ii) business automobile liability insurance - $5,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence and
not subject to a policy aggregate; (iii) property insurance – full replacement of your System
Restaurant(s); (iv) business interruption insurance – cover your expenses for a minimum of 12
months; (v) workers compensation, employer’s liability and other employee insurance – as
required by applicable law but not less than $1,000,000 for employer’s liability insurance; and (vi)
builder’s and/or contractor’s insurance (as applicable). We do not represent or warrant that these
coverages are adequate. You should consult with your insurance advisors as to any additional
types of coverages or higher limits they may recommend.
Sources of Supply
   We may publish listings of Approved Distributors and may add to, modify, delete, or revoke
any listing at any time. We reserve the right to change Approved Distributors at any time and
designate ourselves, our affiliates, or a third party as a source or supplier, or as the exclusive
source or supplier, of any particular item or service.
    If you wish to use any unapproved supplier, you must first submit to us a written request for
approval in accordance with the procedure in the Brand Standards. We will consider all requests
and will try to advise you of our decision in writing within 45 days after receipt of the fully
documented request. In considering a request, we may require you and/or the proposed supplier
to comply with the requirements in the Brand Standards, including: (i) submit samples and written
information; (ii) bear the costs of any initial and/or ongoing testing or inspection; (iii) provide details
about the distribution chain; and (iv) permit us to inspect and audit the supplier and its facilities.
At our option, we may also re-inspect the facilities and products of any approved
supplier/distributor at any time and may revoke approval upon the supplier's failure to continue to
meet any of our criteria.
    Some of our officers have ownership interests in Pepsi and YUM. YUM owns, among other
things, Yum Connect, Pizza Hut Connect and Dragontail. Except as disclosed above, no officer
of PHLLC holds any ownership interests in any other approved supplier. We do not provide you
with any material benefits (such as granting additional franchises) based on your use of Approved
Distributors or other designated or approved sources.
Systemwide Supply Contracts
    We may enter into contracts with one or more suppliers for all System Restaurants or a subset
of System Restaurants located in one or more geographic regions (each, a “Systemwide Supply
Contract”). If we do, then you must purchase only from the designated supplier under the

                                                    21
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
