13.18 System Restaurant Closure

    A. Restaurant Closure Without Our Consent. You may not cease to operate any franchised
       Restaurant(s) without our prior consent, except upon condemnation. If you nevertheless do
       so, then in addition to our right to terminate this Agreement as provided in Section 23.02
       below, and except as provided in the following paragraph, you acknowledge that damages to
       us related to your unauthorized closure of a franchised Restaurant(s) are difficult to calculate
       and agree that, if you violate this Section 13.18 you will pay to us as liquidated damages, and
       not as a penalty, an amount equal to 24 times the average Monthly Service Fees paid or due
       with respect to the closed Restaurant(s) during the calendar year before the closing. If the
       closed Restaurant(s) was not opened for business for a full calendar year, the liquidated
       damages will be 24 times the highest Monthly Service Fee paid or payable during the period
       the Restaurant(s) was open.

    B. Lease Expiration; Loss of Occupancy rights. If a Restaurant closes or will close due to:
       (i) the expiration of the Restaurant’s Lease in accordance with its original terms, and the
       failure to renew such Lease despite your commercially reasonable efforts to secure such
       renewal rights (which efforts are demonstrated to us in writing), or (ii) an unavoidable loss of
       occupancy rights not in any way caused by your action or omission, then you must:
            1. Relocate the Restaurant;
            2. Construct and equip the Restaurant; and
            3. Open the relocated Restaurant prior to, or immediately upon, the date of the Lease’s
                expiration or loss of occupancy rights, unless we grant you written consent for a later
                opening.
       If you fail to meet these requirements, the Restaurant’s closure will be deemed unauthorized
       and you will be liable for liquidated damages as provided in Section 13.18 above. All
       Restaurant relocation activities under this Section 13.18 must be in full compliance with
       Article 5 of this Agreement.

                                               14. INDEMNIFICATION
14.01 Indemnification Obligations

    A. You agree that you will, at your sole cost, at all times defend, indemnify, and hold harmless
       us and the Franchisor Parties to the fullest extent permitted by law, against all Damages
       incurred in connection with any judicial, administrative or other action or proceeding (including
       bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative, debtor/creditor or similar proceedings), suit, claim,
       demand, investigation, or formal or informal inquiry (regardless of whether any of the
       foregoing is reduced to judgment) or any settlement of the foregoing, which actually or
       allegedly, directly or indirectly, arises out of, is based upon, is a result of or is related in any
       way to an Indemnification Claim.

    B. This indemnification is without limitation and without regard to the cause or causes thereof
       and regardless of how any claim against us or the other Franchisor Parties is asserted,
       including whether under theories of negligence, strict liability or vicarious liability.

    C. All Damages incurred under this indemnification provision will be chargeable to and paid by
       you pursuant hereto, regardless of any actions, activity or defense undertaken by us or the
       subsequent success or failure of the actions, activity or defense.




                                                        28
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
