                                       EXHIBIT 2 –
    Important Information Concerning Franchisee’s Use of the Learning Management System

This Exhibit 2 serves to provide Franchisee with important information concerning your
implementation and use of Learning Management System (“LMS Services”). Through testing of LMS
Services we’ve learned that, as with any software application, its use is not error-free and it’s
imperative that Franchisee follows instructions carefully, in particular with respect to meeting the
minimum Technical Specifications that are required to run the application. Franchisee employees must
be familiar with the proper use of LMS Services, including identification of the correct technology
requirements. Franchisee, and not PHLLC, are responsible for any issues, claims or damages resulting
from Franchisee’s failure to follow instructions accurately or Franchisee’s failure to use the correct
Technical Specifications for LMS Services.

                                   ** IMPORTANT **
The system requires certain minimum Technical Specifications, as set forth in the
Technology Brand Standards, which Franchisee must meet as a condition of using
LMS Services. If Franchisee fails to meet these Technical Specifications, Franchisee
may be unable to access or use LMS Services and it might result in the impairment of
Franchisee’s POS System (including SUS) and Franchisee’s Field Management System
(including FMS).

Franchisee understands that its access and use of LMS Services is subject to the following:
          •         Franchisee’s use of LMS Services is subject to an end-user license agreement, which
                    will be provided when Franchisee logs in.

          •         Franchisee is responsible for meeting the minimum Technical Specifications, and
                    Franchisee bears the entire risk arising out of Franchisee’s failure to do so.

          •         PHLLC makes no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability,
                    timeliness, and accuracy of LMS Services for any purpose. PHLLC makes no
                    warranties with regard to LMS Services, and hereby disclaims any warranties or
                    liabilities associated with Franchisee’s use of LMS Services (including, without
                    limitation, all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
                    non-infringement).

          •         In no event shall PHLLC be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special,
                    consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation,
                    damages for loss of use (including loss of use of POS system), data or profits, arising
                    out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of LMS Services, whether
                    based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if PHLLC has been
                    advised of the possibility of damages. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the
                    exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above
                    limitation might not apply to Franchisee.

Franchisee’s use of LMS Services constitutes acknowledgement and acceptance of the above
terms and conditions.

                                                                      8
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. G - Pizza Hut Learning Management System Services and Support Agreement
1334.003.003/442907
