   During its most recent fiscal year, the Advertising Committee spent 75% on media placement,
18% on “other” expenses (including agency compensation, public relations, research/consulting
and brand marketing and 0% on administrative expenses); and the balance (equal to 7%)
remained unspent in the Fund.

Advertising Cooperatives
    One or more franchised or company-owned System Restaurants may from time to time
engage in joint local advertising through a regional or metropolitan area advertising cooperative.
Any advertising cooperative may only be formed, maintained and conduct business with our prior
written consent (which we may grant or withhold for any reason or no reason) and, once
established, must in all respects comply with the applicable Brand Standards.
Local Advertising
    You may expend funds on local advertising in the general market area of your System
Restaurants in strict compliance with the approved media procedures and protocols in the Brand
Standards. You may only use advertising which we have either furnished or approved in writing
in advance. Any amounts you expend on local advertising will not count toward satisfying your
System Advertising Fund contribution requirements. Franchisees are automatically opted-in to
participate in Dinova, a third-party restaurants reward program where a royalty of 9.5% is charged
on Dinova orders greater than $20 before tax. Franchisees may opt out via the e-mail provided in
enrollment materials.
Standards Library
     We prepare a digital Manual (Standards Library) in which we describe and set out standards
for various aspects of the design and operation of System Restaurants. The Standards Library
may contain one or more separate manuals, as well as electronic files and software, information
available on an internet site, and other media, communications, emails and/or other written
materials we distribute. We may change the Standards Library at any time. The Standards Library
will be made available to you during the term of your Location Franchise Agreement. The Table
of Contents of the Standards Library is attached as Exhibit J to this Disclosure Document. The
Standards Library has a total of 97 pages.
Websites
    Except as described below, we alone may establish, maintain, modify, or discontinue all
internet, worldwide web and electronic commerce activities pertaining to the System, including
through the use pages or profiles on social media websites such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok
or X (formerly known as, Twitter). We may establish one or more websites accessible through
one or more uniform resource locators (“URLs”) designed to promote your Restaurant. You agree
to routinely provide us with updated copy, photographs, prices, and news stories about your
Restaurant(s) suitable for use when promoting your Restaurant, the content, frequency, and
procedure for which will be specified in the Brand Standards.
   In addition to advertising and promoting Pizza Hut Restaurants, we may use any website or
other mode of electronic commerce that we establish or maintain to exploit the electronic
commerce rights which we alone reserve. (We may also designate affiliates to own or manage
any technology-related functions described in this disclosure document.)
   You may maintain your own website or social media page; otherwise maintain a presence or
advertise on the internet, through social media or any other mode of electronic commerce in
connection with your franchised Restaurant, including through the use of a page or profile on a
social media website such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok or X (formerly known as, Twitter);

                                                32
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
