E.   You and your Related Persons will not reorganize or otherwise change your or their Ownership
     Interests, controlling management, or organizational structure in any manner that is inconsistent
     with the provisions of this Section 13.11 or the provisions of Article 18.
F.   Without our prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
     conditioned), you may not permit any mortgage, lien, pledge, or other security interest in respect
     of any of your Ownership Interests. Any violation of the preceding restriction will give us the right
     to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you.
G. You must promptly notify us in writing of any change in any of the information specified, or in
   any document referred to in this Section 13.11.
13.12 Trade Accounts

You agree to maintain your trade accounts with suppliers of any and all products, equipment, goods,
services or other tangibles or intangibles sold, leased or otherwise conveyed to your franchised
Business and/or its Restaurant(s) in a current status and to seek to promptly resolve any disputes
with trade suppliers. If you do not maintain your trade accounts in a current fashion, we may pay any
or all of the accounts on your behalf, but we will have no obligation to do so. If we pay any accounts
on your behalf, then you agree to immediately repay us as provided by Section 19.08F).
13.13 Staffing Requirements, Qualifications and Training

You agree to staff your franchised Business in accordance with the specifications and criteria we set
forth in our Brand Standards concerning the selection, qualifications, hiring, training, pre-training and
post-training of your personnel. You agree to maintain a competent, conscientious, trained staff in
sufficient minimum numbers as we require so that you may promptly, efficiently and effectively
service customers. You shall take such steps as are necessary to ensure that your employees
preserve good customer relations and comply with the standards of appearance, dress code, manner
and demeanor we establish in our Brand Standards or otherwise.
You understand, agree, and will never contend otherwise, that the minimum staffing levels we
prescribe in our Brand Standards do not reflect our ability to in any fashion control the day-to-day
operation of your franchised Business and its Restaurant(s) but, to the contrary, merely reflect those
staffing levels necessary to achieve and maintain those standards of quality, uniformity and service
which the consuming public has come to associate with the Pizza Hut Marks and Pizza Hut
Restaurants.
13.14 Privacy and Data Protection

     A. You will: (i) process, retain, use, collect, and disclose all Personal Information only in strict
        compliance with all applicable Privacy Laws; (ii) employ administrative, physical, technical
        and organizational safeguards that: (a) are designed to prevent the unauthorized collection,
        access, use and disclosure of Personal Information (“Safeguards”); and (b) meet or exceed
        industry standards regarding Safeguards, including PCI standards, norms, requirements and
        protocols to the extent applicable; and (iii) comply with all Safeguards that have been and
        are in the future developed and compiled by us that relate to Privacy Laws and the privacy
        and security of Personal Information; (iv) refrain from any action or inaction that could cause
        us to breach any Privacy Laws; and (v) do and execute, or arrange to be done and executed,
        each act, document and thing we deem necessary in our business judgment to keep us in
        compliance with the Privacy Laws.

     B. You will be fully responsible for any unauthorized collection, access, use and/or disclosure of
        Personal Information arising from your action or inaction. You further agree that the
        indemnification of us and the other Franchisor Parties specifically embraces all claims and
                                                        26
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
