                                      AMENDMENT TO PIZZA HUT, LLC
                                     LOCATION FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                        FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND
The Pizza Hut, LLC Location Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) between the undersigned (“Franchisee”)
and Pizza Hut, LLC (“PHLLC”) shall be amended by the addition of the following language, which shall be
considered an integral part of the Agreement (“Amendment”):
                                       MARYLAND LAW MODIFICATIONS
1.    The Maryland Securities Division requires that certain provisions contained in franchise documents be
amended to be consistent with Maryland law, including the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, MD. ANN. CODE, BUS. REG,. §§ 14-201 et seq. (2015 Repl. Vol. ) (“Law”). To the extent that this
Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions are hereby amended:
         a.       The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall
                  not apply to any liability under the Law.
         b.       Any acknowledgments or representations of the Franchisee made in the agreement which
                  disclaim the occurrence and/or acknowledge the non-occurrence of acts that would constitute
                  a violation of the Law are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of
                  any liability incurred under the Law.
         c.       A Franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Law.
         d.       The limitation on the period of time mediation and/or litigation claims must be brought shall
                  not act to reduce the three-year statute of limitations afforded a Franchisee for bringing a claim
                  arising under the Law. Any claims arising under the Law must be brought within three years
                  after the grant of the license.
2.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional
requirements of the Law, with respect to each such provision, are met independent of this Amendment. This
Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional requirements are not met.
3.       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.




Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
