we are unaware of any infringing uses of or superior previous rights to any of our patents or
copyrights which could materially affect your use of them in the state in which your Pizza Hut
Restaurant(s) will be located.
                                             ITEM 15
    OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE
                                  BUSINESS
    We recommend that you, or your principal owners, participate in the day-to-day operation of
the System Restaurant(s) but it is not a requirement.
   Each System Restaurant must be directly supervised on a day-to-day basis by a qualified and
competent manager who has successfully completed our mandatory training program.
    You must also designate, and at all times maintain, one or more (as we may require based
on the size and scope of your Restaurant) Qualified Operators to actively manage and participate
in the day-to-day operation and ownership of your Restaurant. Your Qualified Operator(s) will
devote all appropriate time, attention and best efforts to the performance of your obligations under
the Location Franchise Agreement and all ancillary agreements.
    Each of your Qualified Operators must be approved by us; our approval will not be
unreasonably withheld. If your principal owner is an individual, then that individual may serve as
a Qualified Operator with our approval. Your Qualified Operator must have at least a 10% equity
interest in you. Before designating a Qualified Operator, who is not your principal owner, you must
identify that individual to us; furnish us information regarding the candidate’s background,
experience and credentials; and secure our prior written approval of the candidate, which we will
not unreasonably withhold or deny. Any Qualified Operator must, at a minimum, meet all of our
then-current requirements for Qualified Operators in the Brand Standards or elsewhere. Any
Qualified Operator must attend and successfully complete our Initial Training Program and any
other training we may require based on the specifics of your Restaurant. We may revoke our
approval of any Qualified Operator in our business judgment at any time following our review of
your Restaurant's performance.
    If your Qualified Operator dies, becomes disabled or is terminated, you must immediately
notify us and must designate a successor or acting Qualified Operator promptly (but no later than
30 days following the death, disability or termination of the predecessor Qualified Operator). We
must approve (and may revoke approval of) any successor, acting or additional Qualified
Operators (including those designated in a transfer) as described above.
    Your Qualified Operators must sign our Confidentiality Agreement (Appendix I-2 to the
Location Franchise Agreement) and maintain the confidentiality of our confidential or proprietary
information.
    Each of your owners with a 10% or greater interest must sign a personal guaranty in the form
of Appendix F to the Location Franchise Agreement.
                                             ITEM 16
                      RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
    You are only authorized to sell the Approved Products and other approved products or
services at retail, directly to the ultimate consumer. You are not authorized to engage in wholesale
distribution. We do not impose any other restrictions on the customers to whom you may sell
Approved Products, except that you may sell Approved Products only from System Restaurants
or authorized satellite locations and may deliver Approved Products only within your Delivery
Area. All customer information belongs to us.

                                                 41
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
