1.6    “Daily Availability Period” means the amount of time, stated in minutes, to the nearest whole minute, within
a 24-hour period, starting at least 1 hour prior to the earliest opening time of a Franchisee Restaurant Location
through the latest closing time of that Franchisee Restaurant Location. Reliability and accessibility of the Internet
Order System shall be calculated based on 24-hour days and 365 day calendar years (except leap years, which will
be 366 days) and weeks meaning the seven (7) consecutive day period starting Tuesday and continuing through
Monday of the following calendar week. The Daily Availability Period shall exclude hours that occur during the
Maintenance Window. With respect to Franchisee Restaurant Locations located in Hawaii, the Maintenance
Windows shall run from 1:00am-7:00am Central Time Monday through Thursday. Supplier shall make commercially
reasonable efforts not to allow standard maintenance to interfere with Hawaii Franchisee Restaurant Locations store
hours.
1.7     “Downtime” means the time that the Services are not available that is not Scheduled Downtime.
1.8     “Fees” means all fees set forth in this Agreement.
1.9    “Franchisee Customer” means any customer ordering Pizza Hut Products from a Franchisee through the
Pizza Hut Digital System.
1.10 “Franchisee Database” means a database created and maintained by Franchisee containing information
pertaining to Franchisee Customers.
1.11 “Franchisee Restaurant Location(s)” means any or all, as the context may so require, Franchisee owned and
operated Pizza Hut restaurants and corresponding street address locations, which shall be subject to amendment
and updating from time to time by Franchisee, subject to the requirements set forth herein.
1.12 “Full Deployment” means the time at which the Supplier has satisfied the terms of the statement of work with
PHI governing the Phoenix Platform (the “Phoenix SOW”) and transitioned all then-existing and participating
members of the Pizza Hut System to the Phoenix Platform.
1.13 “Good Industry Practice” means the levels of accuracy, quality, care, prudence, completeness, timeliness,
responsiveness, resource efficiency, productivity and proactive monitoring of service performance that are at least
equal to the then-current accepted industry standards of first-tier providers of comparable third-party services in the
region where the Services are being provided.
1.14 “Hosting Provider” means a company providing hosting services for the Internet Order System and the facilities
in which the Internet Order System and the Redundant Systems are housed and maintained.
1.15 “Incident” means (i) any event that is not part of the standard operation of the Services and that causes an
interruption to, or a reduction in the quality of, the Services; (ii) any event that causes an interruption to or a reduction
of the availability of the Services, (iii) an error in functionality or performance of the Services where the results of the
Services do not meet Acceptance Criteria or the requirements set forth in this Agreement; or (iv) any event that
causes a Franchisee Customer to log a complaint.
1.16    “Intellectual Property Rights” means patent rights, trademark rights, trade secret rights, copyrights, know
how, maskworks, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights recognized by various jurisdictions and the rights
to prosecute, perfect, license, assign, hypothecate or enforce such rights.
1.17    “IPHFHA” means International Pizza Hut Franchisee Holder’s Association.
1.18 “Internet Order System” means Supplier’s turnkey, Internet-based food ordering system that is used to
receive, price and transmit over the Internet or through a dial-up connection or by other means, orders placed by
customers originating from a web browser over the Internet, wireless, phone, television or other web sources, to be
filled by businesses that provide food carry-out or delivery services. Upon Full Deployment of the Phoenix Platform,
the Internet Order System shall include the Phoenix Platform.
1.19 “Maintenance Window” means 1:00 a.m. to 7:00 a.m. every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
(Central Time Zone).

                                                QuikOrder, LLC
                                    7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                             4
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
