Benefits to PHLLC and Revenue
    We do not derive revenue from selling or leasing any required products or services directly to
franchisees. We have from time to time sold System Restaurants to franchisees, with or without
real estate. In connection therewith, our affiliate, PHALLC, leases or subleases real estate to
franchisees for certain System Restaurants. There is not a general requirement that a franchisee
must lease real estate from us or our affiliates, but some System Restaurants may only be
available under a lease from us or our affiliate. During our last fiscal year, PHALLC, had revenues
from the lease of real estate to franchisees of approximately $3,878,053.

     During our 2025 fiscal year, our affiliates had revenue from purchases by franchisees as
follows: Pizza Hut Connect, LLC received approximately $68,019,036 in revenue from the
provision of certain digital and technology products and services to PHLLC franchisees
($31,116,608 of which was paid to Digico and spent under the direction of the Digital Investment
Committee, which is comprised of PHLLC and franchisee representatives); and Dragontail
received approximately $3,559,641 in revenue from the provision of services related to the KMX
system to PHLLC franchisees.

    Other than limited benefits under the Pepsi Agreement, which apply to all System
Restaurants, and which are based on aggregate Pizza Hut system-wide purchases, and the
revenue we received from Delivery Aggregators as described above, as of the date of this
disclosure document, we do not directly derive any revenue from Approved Distributors as a result
of their sales to you. RSCS negotiates purchase arrangements with suppliers of most products
periodically for the mutual benefit of us, our affiliates, and all franchisees and licensees who buy
through RSCS and we do not receive lower prices, rebates, discounts, or any other material
consideration from suppliers because of purchases made by you from them. However, in the
future, we and our affiliates may profit from your purchases from us, our affiliates, and other
Approved Distributors and receive other payments, fees, commissions, and reimbursements from
Approved Distributors as a result of your purchases from them.

     Your required purchases from our approved suppliers or that are subject to our standards and
specifications are estimated to be approximately 30% to 45% of the total expenses you will incur
to establish your System Restaurant and approximately 30% to 50% of the total expenses you
will incur to operate your System Restaurant.
Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions and Pizza Hut Purchasing Cooperative
    Purchasing activities for food, packaging and equipment used in the Restaurants are
conducted primarily through RSCS, which is the exclusive purchasing agent for company-owned
and franchised Pizza Hut Restaurants in the United States. The members of RSCS are the Pizza
Hut National Purchasing Coop, Inc. (as described below, the “Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op” or
“Co-op”) and similar purchasing co-ops of our affiliates and their franchisees: the KFC National
Purchasing Co-op, Inc. and the Taco Bell National Purchasing Co-op, Inc. By contract, RSCS
also provides purchasing programs and program management services for the A&W National
Purchasing Co-op, Inc. Because RSCS is a shared resource organization, allocation costs and
sourcing fees attributable to its members will increase if the contract with the A&W National
Purchasing Co-op, Inc. is terminated. RSCS, the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op and other co-ops
using RSCS’s services are organized under federal tax laws relating to entities operating on a
cooperative basis. In accordance with those laws, each co-op has historically distributed
substantially all of its net income not required for working capital or reserves to its members each
year as a “patronage dividend.”


                                                 23
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
