of the software, system or Deliverables by parties other than Supplier without obtaining Supplier’s consent or the
use or distribution of such modified software, system or Deliverables without obtaining Supplier’s consent, (iii) the
use of other than the latest version of the software, system or Deliverables delivered to Franchisee so long as
Supplier’s latest version of the software passed all quality assurance testing including certified for release to
production and accepted for use by Franchisee, if such claim would have been avoided by the use of such later
release; (iv) use of the software, system or Deliverables in a manner other than that contemplated by this Agreement;
(v) materials incorporated in the software, system or Deliverables that were provided to Supplier by a third party at
Franchisee’s direction without obtaining Supplier’s consent; or (vi) claims arising directly from and based upon use
of design features contained within an iPhone app, an Xbox app, an Android app or the “msgme” digital messaging
platform provided to PHI by Waterfall Mobile, Inc. or any other third party entity providing similar products or services
(each referred to herein as “an Independent App” and collectively “Independent Apps”), each of which may be
connected to the Services through any application programming interface provided by Supplier (For the avoidance
of doubt, such application programming interface(s) provided by Supplier are not excluded from Supplier’s
obligations under Section 11.1 above whether or not connected to any or all of said Independent Apps. By way of
example and not limitation, if the Independent App contained a “flick to change page” design feature and Franchisee
faced a third party patent infringement claim based solely upon use of that design feature, then Supplier shall have
no indemnification obligations hereunder.) The Parties shall attempt to resolve any dispute regarding the application
of this subsection 11.3(vi) through negotiations between senior executives, including PHI’s Chief Legal Officer. If
unresolved, the dispute shall be resolved through applicable governance procedures.
11.4      In the event of a Liability for which an indemnified party is seeking indemnification, the indemnifying party
will timely (and in any event, no later than thirty (30) days from its actual knowledge of such Liability) notify the
indemnifying party of the assertion of such Liability, provided, however, that the indemnified party’s failure to provide
such notice shall not excuse the indemnifying party from its indemnification obligations except to the extent the
indemnifying party is prejudiced thereby. The indemnified party shall give the indemnifying party the right to control
and direct the defense (at the indemnifying party’s sole expense) and any settlement of any such claim (including
agreement to discontinue use of any alleged infringing item), and give reasonable cooperation to the indemnifying
party for the defense of same. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, an indemnifying party may not enter
into any settlement or other disposition of a Liability that adversely impacts a Pizza Hut Indemnitee, other than by
reason of discontinuance of the use of the subject item, without the Pizza Hut Indemnitee’s prior written approval.
11.5      Indemnification by Franchisee. Franchisee will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Supplier and its parent,
Affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, and successors and assigns of each, and all of their respective employees, agents,
representatives, officers and directors, assigns (all referred to solely for purposes of this Section 11.5 as Supplier)
from and against any and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs, claims, actions, suits, proceedings, costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees and reasonable court costs) arising out of or in any way connected
with or resulting from (a) breach of any of Franchisee’s warranties, representations, covenants or obligations under
this Agreement, (b) any claims relating to errors in posting menu pricing, ordering or delivery service information if
such errors are made solely as a result of information provided to Supplier by authorized personnel of Franchisee,
or (c) any claim that use of materials provided by Franchisee to Supplier under this Agreement or prepared to
Franchisee’s specifications infringe any patent, trademark, copyright or trade secret or any other Intellectual Property
Rights or similar rights of any third party. This indemnification shall survive the expiration or early termination (by
any means) of this Agreement.
11.6      Ameranth Litigation. Without limiting any indemnification obligations set forth in the Amended and Restated
MSA, Supplier agrees that with respect to the pending litigation in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California, captioned Ameranth, Inc. v. Pizza Hut, Inc., et al, Case No. 3:11-cv-01810-JLS-NLS, and Case
No. 12-cv-0742-JLS-NLS (the “Ameranth Litigation”), alleging that certain of the Services infringe upon any or all of
U.S. Patent No. 8,146,077, U.S. Patent No. 6,384,850, or U.S. Patent No. 6,871,325, or any combination of these
patents, and any potential litigation that may allege infringement of any other related patents or patent rights (e.g.
any patents that may issue from any continuation or divisional that has priority based upon any of the foregoing
patents, any re-issues, renewals, substitutions, reexaminations, and extensions of any of the foregoing patents), and
any foreign patents or rights corresponding or counterpart to any of the foregoing patents, Supplier will defend,
                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                           20
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
