                            Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC and Subsidiary
                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                            December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024
                                (all tabular amounts in thousands)



(c) Use of Estimates
   The preparation of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP
   requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and
   liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial
   Statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
   results could differ from these estimates.

(d) Fiscal Year
   The Company and PH LLC both operate using fifty-two week fiscal calendars that end on the Monday
   preceding YUM’s fiscal year end. YUM’s fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends December 31 of
   each year. As a result, there is a 53rd week added to the Company’s and PH LLC’s fiscal calendars
   every five to six years. Fiscal year 2024 included fifty-three weeks which added $5.5 million to Total
   Revenue and $4.0 million to Net Income in our 2024 Consolidated Statement of Income. The next fiscal
   year scheduled to include a 53rd week is 2030.

(e) Cash, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
   Cash was $1.1 million and $0.4 million as of December 29, 2025, and December 30,2024, respectively.
   Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents consisted of advertising dues collected from
   franchisees required to be spent on advertising expenses and was less than $0.1 million and $16.0
   million as of December 29, 2025, and December 30, 2024, respectively. Restricted cash equivalents
   represent funds we have temporarily invested (with original maturities not exceeding three months),
   including short-term, highly liquid debt securities. The cash balance exceeded the amount federally
   insured as of December 29, 2025. The Company has not experienced losses in such account, and
   credit loss risks are believed to be largely mitigated by utilizing a major financial institution.

(f) Accounts Receivable
   The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with our
   franchisees as a result of franchise agreements, including sales-based franchise contributions due to
   AdCom. These receivables from franchisees are generally due within 30 days of the period in which
   the corresponding sales occur and are classified as Accounts and notes receivable, net on our
   Consolidated Balance Sheet and are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts. Expected
   credit losses for uncollectible franchisee receivable balances consider both current conditions and
   reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions. Current conditions we consider include pre-
   defined aging criteria as well as specified events that indicate the Company may not collect the balance
   due. Reasonable and supportable forecasts used in determining the probability of future collection
   consider publicly available data regarding default probability. While we use the best information
   available in making our determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is dependent upon
   future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond our control. Receivables that are
   ultimately deemed to be uncollectible, and for which collection efforts have been exhausted, are written
   off against the allowance for doubtful accounts.

   The Company recorded net bad debt expense of $10.7 million and $10.1 million in 2025 and 2024,
   respectively, and net bad debt recoveries of $0.9 million in 2023, within Franchise and license
   expenses related to franchise and license trade receivables. Receivables deemed uncollectible and
   written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts, net of any subsequent recoveries, were $18.4
   million and less than $0.1 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively.



                                                 9
