                                              ITEM 10
                                           FINANCING


     We and our affiliates do not offer, directly or indirectly, any arrangements for financing your
initial investment or the continuing operation of your Restaurants. We are unable to predict
whether you will be able to obtain financing and, if you are able to obtain financing, we cannot
predict the terms of the financing. Neither we nor our affiliates guarantee your note, lease or other
obligation.

                                              ITEM 11
  FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING
    Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.
Pre-Opening Obligations
   Before you open a System Restaurant, we and/or our authorized representatives, will provide
you with the following assistance and services:
      (1) Grant you the right to open one or more System Restaurants, each at a specified
approved Location, with a surrounding defined and approved Delivery Area. (Location Franchise
Agreement - Section 2.01)
        (2) Approve or disapprove the lease or purchase agreement for each Location within 20
business days after receipt. If we do not communicate our approval or disapproval to you in that
time, and if the lease is accompanied by a rider containing the required provisions of Appendix D
to the Location Franchise Agreement, the lease will be considered approved. (Location Franchise
Agreement, Section 5.02)
        (3) Review your final plans and specifications for the Location promptly and approve or
provide comments on the plans and specifications to you. You may not commence construction
until we approve the final plans and specifications in writing. We may provide you with the names
of designated or approved sources of supply and specifications for some items of the design,
construction, furniture, fixtures, equipment and decoration of the Location. (Location Franchise
Agreement, Section 5.03)
       (4) Provide you with the Initial Training Program, which each of your Qualified Operators
must attend and successfully complete. (Location Franchise Agreement – Section 7.01)
        (5) Furnish to you, at no charge, a complete set of the Brand Standards applicable to each
of your System Restaurants in print, electronic, or other media. The Brand Standards govern the
operation of the System Restaurants. You must strictly comply with the Brand Standards. We can
change the Brand Standards, and you must comply with the changes when you receive them, but
they will not materially alter your rights and obligations under the Location Franchise Agreement.
We will provide you with the opportunity to view the Brand Standards before purchasing a
franchise, and we may require you to sign our form of Confidentiality Agreement, (Exhibit F) before
we will grant you access. (Location Franchise Agreement – Article 6)
       (6) Furnish you with any written specifications for required products and services.
(Location Franchise Agreement, Article 9)
         (7) If we determine to do so, exercise rights concerning franchisee pricing of products and
services to the fullest extent permitted by then-applicable law, including prescribing the maximum
retail prices which you may charge; suggesting retail prices; and, otherwise mandating, directly
                                                 26
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
