Technology Governance Committee’s sole compensation will be the license rights granted under
this Agreement.

         4.      PHCLLC has no obligation whatsoever to reveal the SUS/FMS Software in source
code format to Franchisee or the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee except as
explicitly set forth in Section H.

H.       SOURCE CODE.

         1.    Upon material breach of this Agreement by PHCLLC, Franchisee will notify PHCLLC
in writing. PHCLLC will have thirty (30) days, after receipt of such notice, to remedy the breach or
due to the nature of the remedy commence the remedy. If PHCLLC does not so remedy the breach
or due to the nature of the remedy commence the remedy, Franchisee then may request the
IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee to notify PHCLLC of such material breach
and request that PHCLLC remedy such material breach within forty-five (45) days. If PHCLLC, upon
such further notice, does not so cure any such material breach, then the IPHFHA-Appointed
Technology Governance Committee will be entitled to a copy of the current source code for the
SUS/FMS Software upon written request to PHCLLC. Within five (5) days of receipt of such a request
from the Franchisee User Group, the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee will
notify the IPHFHA board in writing of the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee’s
notice.

                Within thirty (30) days of receipt of such a request from the IPHFHA-Appointed
Technology Governance Committee, PHCLLC will either make such current source code for the
SUS/FMS to the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee or state in writing to the
IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee why PHCLLC does not believe there was a
material breach and/or a failure to cure a material breach and therefore is not required to make such
release. Upon occurrence of the latter, PHCLLC, Franchisees, and the IPHFHA-Appointed
Technology Governance Committee will negotiate in good faith to resolve the discrepancy within
thirty (30) days. If the discrepancy is not resolved by the end of such period, PHCLLC, Franchisee,
and the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee will submit the dispute to non-
binding mediation in accordance with the Procedures for Resolution of Franchise Disputes set forth
by the Center For Public Resources. If mediation is not successful in resolving the discrepancy, the
parties then, and only then, may pursue other remedies, including litigation.

         2.     Upon any release of the SUS/FMS Software source code pursuant to this Section,
PHCLLC will have no further obligation to provide Franchisee or any other PHCLLC franchisee any
support services or other service regarding the SUS/FMS Software under this or any other license
agreement. The IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee then will have a royalty-
free license to use and modify the source code as it so chooses provided the source code, the PHOS,
and any and all derivative software are used solely in support of a Pizza Hut Business operated by
a PHCLLC franchisee pursuant to a written franchise agreement between the franchisee and
PHCLLC, and further provided that the source code is not used in violation of any such franchise
agreement or, except as explicitly modified by this Section, this Agreement, including but not limited
to Section I below. As a condition precedent to any obligations of PHCLLC which may arise under
this Section to disclose the source code, IPHFHA shall execute appropriate agreements consistent
with the rights granted hereunder.

I.     TRADE SECRETS; NONDISCLOSURE. The information and material provided directly to
Franchisee and/or through the Technology Governance Committee by PHCLLC and described in
this Section are the valuable Trade Secrets of PHCLLC. Such information and materials will be
hereinafter referred to as the “Trade Secrets”.
                                                        7
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
