             minimum, meet all of our then-current requirements for Qualified Operators (including the
             requisite Ownership Interest stake in the franchised Business for such individuals) as we
             may articulate in the Brand Standards or elsewhere, including any training as we may
             deem necessary; (ii) attend and successfully complete our Initial Training Program and
             any other training as we may require of a Qualified Operator according to the specifics of
             your franchised Business; and (iii) demonstrate to our satisfaction (both at the time of
             approval and on a continuing basis thereafter) that he/she satisfies our educational,
             managerial and business standards, and has the aptitude and ability to conduct, operate
             and supervise your franchised Business.
         2. If your Qualified Operator is not your entity’s principal owner, then before designating a
            Qualified Operator, you must identify such individual to us; furnish information to us
            regarding the candidate’s background, experience and credentials; and, secure our prior
            written approval of the candidate, which we will not unreasonably withhold or deny.
         3. The approval status for any given Qualified Operator remains subject to revocation at all
            times upon our review of your franchised Business’s performance, compliance with Brand
            Standards, and/or changes to your franchised Business throughout the life of this
            Agreement.
    D. Replacing Your Qualified Operator. Upon the death, disability, or termination of
       employment of your Qualified Operator(s), for any cause or reason, you must immediately
       notify us. You must designate a successor or acting Qualified Operator promptly and, in any
       event, no later than thirty (30) days following the death, disability, or termination, of the
       predecessor Qualified Operator. Failure to do so will be a default of this Agreement, and we
       may, but are not required to, operate the Business as set forth in Section 18.05 of this
       Agreement. Exercising our rights under Section 18.05 will be a considered a waiver of the
       default described above, or any other default. The protocols described in this Section
       governing your proposal and our approval of your initial Qualified Operator(s) shall apply to
       any additional or successor Qualified Operator(s) you may propose, including any Qualified
       Operator that will manage the resulting franchised Business upon a transfer. A successor
       Qualified Operator’s ongoing approval status is subject to the same conditions as described
       above.

9. REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING FOOD, BEVERAGES AND OTHER PRODUCTS SOLD AT
                     YOUR PIZZA HUT RESTAURANT(S)
9.01 Food, Beverage Items and Other Products You Must or May Sell From Your Pizza Hut
Restaurant(s)

    A. Permitted Items and Products.

         1. You agree to sell in and from your franchised Restaurant(s) all Approved Products that
            we designate as “standard” for the System Restaurant Concept(s) franchised hereby
            unless we otherwise agree in writing. You may (but need not) also offer and sell Approved
            Products which we designate as “optional” for the System Restaurant Concept(s)
            franchised hereby.

         2. At any time we notify you that an item will become a “standard” Approved Product for
            your System Restaurant Concept, or that an item will no longer be an Approved Product
            (either “standard” or “optional”), we will include a deadline by which you must offer the
            new “standard” Approved Product for sale or must cease selling the item that is no longer
            an Approved Product. The deadline will be at least 90 days after we give you such notice,
            in the case of a new “standard” Approved Product you must offer and at least 30 days
                                                        14
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
