months from the date of the written notice. Upon such election by PHCLLC, PHCLLC will identify an
alternative PHCLLC approved PHOS Service vendor and, subject to execution of appropriate
confidentiality agreements with such vendor, PHCLLC will provide documentation and written
support procedures for use by the alternative vendor in providing services to Franchisee.

E.       ACCEPTANCE.

       1.       Acceptance of the Approved Equipment will be determined solely pursuant to the
contract with the vendors of the Approved Equipment.

        2.     Franchisee will have sixty (60) days to evaluate the first copy of the SUS/FMS
Software to be used in each particular concept of a Pizza Hut Unit. PHCLLC reserves the right to
expand and/or reduce the types of concepts. Acceptance of the SUS/FMS Software will occur
automatically on the sixty-first (61st) day following the later of either the date PHCLLC delivers the
SUS/FMS Software to Franchisee or, in the event Franchisee has elected to have PHCLLC install
the SUS/FMS Software, the date PHCLLC either installs the SUS/FMS Software or would have
installed the SUS/FMS Software but for delay caused by Franchisee, unless prior to that time
Franchisee has indicated in writing to PHCLLC the ways in which Franchisee claims the SUS/FMS
Software materially fails to function in accordance with Addendum A, Functional Specifications.

               a.     If Franchisee has so indicated an alleged material failure before the
acceptance date, then, during the next sixty (60) days, PHCLLC use commercially reasonable means
to remedy the alleged failure and/or demonstrate to Franchisee proper performance of the SUS/FMS
Software.

                b.      If after such sixty (60) days, Franchisee has not indicated its acceptance of
the SUS/FMS Software in writing, PHCLLC or Franchisee may terminate this Agreement upon
written notice within thirty (30) days after such sixty (60) day period.

              c.     In any event, Franchisee’s possession of the SUS/FMS Software in the Pizza
Hut Business for more than one hundred fifty (150) days, whether or not continuous, will constitute
acceptance of the SUS/FMS Software.

                d.      Once the first copy of the SUS/FMS Software has been accepted for a
particular Pizza Hut Unit concept, subsequent copies of the SUS/FMS Software licensed by
Franchisee for additional Pizza Hut Units of the same concept will be deemed accepted on the thirty-
first (31st) day following the later of either the date PHCLLC delivers the SUS/FMS Software to
Franchisee or, in the event Franchisee has elected to have PHCLLC install the SUS/FMS Software,
the date PHCLLC either installs the SUS/FMS Software or would have installed the SUS/FMS
Software but for delay caused by Franchisee.

F.      ANNUAL FEES. Franchisee will pay the fees set forth in Schedule 1 or Schedule 1-A
(collectively, the “Support Fees”), as applicable for each Pizza Hut Unit.

        1.     The first payment will be a prorata amount of the monthly amount of the Support Fees
calculated from the SUS/FMS Software acceptance date to month end, plus any one time fees for
services elected in accordance with Addendum B, SUS/FMS Services. The first payment is due upon
acceptance of the SUS/FMS Software and must be paid within thirty (30) days of invoicing.

        2.      Thereafter, all Support Fees are due and payable, in twelve (12) equal monthly
installments. Monthly billing will be in arrears and is due and payable within thirty (30) days of
invoicing. In addition to any other remedies PHCLLC may have, Franchisee shall pay to PHCLLC a
                                                        5
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
