   right to remove any material submitted to the Services that Pizza Hut, in its sole discretion, finds to be in
   violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable.

12. Term and Termination.

   12.1. Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall, unless
         otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, continue for a period as set forth in the
         applicable Order Form, and thereafter shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to the
         terms of this Agreement or Order Form.

   12.2. Term. Customer may use and access the applicable Services during the applicable Term as set forth
         in the applicable Order Form.

   12.3. Termination. Pizza Hut may terminate this Agreement, without liability (except in case if Pizza Hut is in
         breach or default), at any time for convenience on giving the Customer not less than 30 days’ advance
         written notice. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days prior written notice if
         the other party commits a material breach of this Agreement that, (if it is capable of being cured) is not
         cured within 30 days from written notice to the other party. Without limiting any other remedies available
         to it, Pizza Hut may immediately suspend access to the Services and/or terminate this Agreement if: (a)
         Customer commits a material breach of this Agreement that (if it is capable of being cured) is not cured
         within 30 days from written notice to Customer (and within 10 days from written notice to Customer in
         the case of non-payment); (b) Pizza Hut determines that Customer’s actions are likely to cause legal
         liability for Pizza Hut or its suppliers or other Customers; or (c) Customer suspends, or threatens to
         suspend, payment of its debts or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or admits inability to pay its
         debts or is deemed unable to pay its debts.

   12.4. Effects of Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and/or upon expiration
         of the applicable Term, the rights and licenses granted hereunder will automatically terminate. The
         Services may automatically deactivate and become non-operational at the end of the applicable Term,
         and Customer will not be entitled to access the Services unless such Term is renewed. Pizza Hut will
         have no liability for any costs, losses, damages, or liabilities arising out of or related to any termination
         of this Agreement. In no event will any termination, other than for Pizza Hut’s uncured material breach,
         relieve Customer of the obligation to pay any fees payable to Pizza Hut for the period prior to the
         effective date of termination. Customer agrees that if Customer terminates this Agreement, Pizza Hut
         is not obligated to refund any portion of subscription fees already paid to Pizza Hut. Upon the termination
         of this Agreement for any reason, Customer will immediately cease using the Services. Termination of
         this Agreement will not limit Pizza Hut from pursuing any other remedies available to it, including
         injunctive relief. Customer will assist Pizza Hut with expediting the retrieval of any Services that remains
         the ownership of Pizza Hut and make same available to Pizza Hut for de-installation and removal. If
         applicable, Pizza Hut will have the right to enter the Licensed Locations and/or its systems at reasonable
         times and upon reasonable notice for the purpose of such de-installation and removal. Returned
         Services must be in the same condition as when received by Customer, reasonable and ordinary wear
         and tear excepted. Pizza Hut will not be liable to the Customer in any respect should this Agreement be
         terminated by Pizza Hut pursuant to this clause, and for the avoidance of any doubt Pizza Hut will not
         be liable to pay any refund or otherwise in respect of any remaining Term pursuant to this Agreement.

13. Indemnification.

 13.1. Pizza Hut will defend, indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse Customer and its officers, agents,
       employees, and representatives (the “Customer Indemnitees”), from and against any and all losses,
       liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees, fines, penalties, interest, judgments,
       awards and settlements) (“Losses”) that are imposed on, sustained, incurred or suffered by the Customer
       Indemnitees directly relating to claims by third parties to the extent arising from Pizza Hut’s gross
       negligence or willful misconduct related to any of the following: (a) any bodily injury or property damage
       sustained or purported to have been sustained by Customer facilities or personnel; (b) material breach or
       default of Pizza Hut’s confidentiality obligations under this Agreement; or (c) any allegation or claim that
       Customer’s permitted use of any Services as contemplated in this Agreement or any SOW infringes,
       misappropriates or otherwise violates a patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property or
       proprietary right of a third party, provided that Pizza Hut will not be liable for and will have no obligation
