applicable software license and sublicenses, if any, which the owner then requires for such software
or PHCLLC may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’ notice.

L.                   TERM. This Agreement will have an initial term commencing on the Effective Date
first noted above and continuing until the first “January 1” date following the Effective Date. After the
initial term, this Agreement continuously and automatically will renew for successive one (1) year
terms until any of the following occurs.

       1.      If Franchisee notifies PHCLLC in writing at least ninety (90) days before the end of
the then current term that Franchisee does not want this Agreement to renew; or

         2.      If PHCLLC notifies Franchisee, and all other PHLLC franchisees having licenses
similar to this Agreement, in writing at least one hundred eighty (180) days before the end of the then
current term that PHCLLC does not want this Agreement to renew and upon the effective date of
such termination PHCLLC releases the SUS/FMS Software source code to the IPHFHA-Appointed
Technology Governance Committee consistent with the rights set forth in Section H; or

        3.      If one party materially breaches any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and fails to cure such material breach within forty-five (45) days following written notice of the material
breach by the other party, then the notifying party may terminate this Agreement upon notice; or

       4.      If Franchisee ceases business operations, if a voluntary or involuntary petition in
bankruptcy is filed in the name of Franchisee and is not dismissed within sixty (60) days, and/or if
Franchisee makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, PHCLLC may terminate this Agreement
upon notice; or

        5.    If the majority and/or controlling ownership of Franchisee changes, unless the new
majority owner and/or controller, as the case may be, executes a new license (in the form of
PHCLLC’s then current license agreement) with PHCLLC within sixty (60) days after the change in
majority ownership and/or control, including assumption of all amounts due under this Agreement;
or

        6.     Upon the termination of any franchise agreement authorizing Franchisee to engage
in the Pizza Hut Business, then, as to all Pizza Hut Units affected by that termination, this Agreement
immediately will terminate.

         7.       Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Franchisee, within ten (10) days
after the effective date of the termination, will return to PHCLLC all copies of PHCLLC Trade Secrets
in Franchisee’s possession or under Franchisee’s control. An officer of Franchisee at the same time
will certify in writing that all copies have been returned to PHCLLC and PHCLLC Trade Secrets have
been removed from any, and all, of Franchisees computers.

M.                 INDEMNIFICATION. PHCLLC will defend and indemnify, and will pay all
damages which arise or are associated with claims that use of the SUS/FMS Software infringes a
United States patent, copyright, or other United States proprietary right or trade secrets of a third
party, provided as follows:

        1.    That Franchisee promptly notify, in writing, PHCLLC of all claims of alleged
infringement;

      2.     That PHCLLC has complete control over the defense of claims of infringement as well
as complete control over all negotiation for the settlement or compromise of such claims and
                                                        9
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
