require that we not unreasonably withhold our approval or consent, if you are in default or breach
under this Agreement, any withholding of our approval or consent will be considered reasonable.
                      38. YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
38.01 Your Representations and Acknowledgments

You represent and warrant to us, with the intention that we are relying on your representations and
warranties in entering into this Agreement, that:
    A. You are organized under the laws of the state of your principal place of business (or another
       state which you have identified to us) and are in good standing with and qualified to do
       business in each state and political/governmental subdivision having jurisdiction over your
       franchised Business and Restaurant(s).

    B. You have all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver, consummate and perform this
       Agreement, and all necessary business entity proceedings have been duly taken to authorize
       the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

    C. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by you, includes your
       legal, valid and binding obligations, and will be binding and enforceable upon you and your
       successors and assigns in accordance with its terms when executed by both parties.

    D. You do not have any liabilities, adverse claims, commitments or obligations of any nature as
       of the date of execution of this Agreement, whether accrued, unliquidated, absolute,
       contingent or otherwise which are not reflected as liabilities on the balance sheets of your
       current financial statements which you furnished to us before the execution of this
       Agreement.

    E. As of the date of execution of this Agreement, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or
       investigations pending or, to your knowledge or the knowledge any of your Related Persons,
       or any other owner of a Direct or Indirect, partial or whole Ownership Interest in you (as
       applicable), after due inquiry, threatened, in any court or arbitral forum, or before any
       governmental agency or instrumentality, nor to the best of your knowledge or the knowledge
       of any such Persons (after due inquiry) is there any basis for any claim, action, suit,
       proceeding or investigation which affects or could affect, directly or indirectly, any of your
       assets, properties, rights or business; your right to operate and use your assets, properties
       or rights to carry on your business; and/or, which affects or could affect your right or ability to
       assume and carry out in all respects the duties, obligations and responsibilities specified in
       this Agreement.

    F. Neither you, nor your Related Persons, any of your affiliates, or any other owner of a Direct
       or Indirect, partial or whole Ownership Interest in you (as applicable), any of their respective
       directors and officers, or the funding sources for any of them or the Licensed Locations, is a
       Restricted Person.

    G. All of your representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are complete, correct
       and accurate as of the date of execution of this Agreement and will survive any termination
       or expiration of this Agreement.




                                                        75
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
