         circumstance to reimburse or otherwise compensate you for any customer information,
         goodwill, business startup costs, or other losses during start-up. We will have the unrestricted
         right to assign or otherwise Transfer this option and we or our transferee will be entitled to all
         customary warranties and representations in connection with the asset purchase, including
         representations and warranties as to ownership and condition of and title to assets; liens and
         encumbrances on assets; validity of contracts and agreements; and liabilities affecting the
         assets, contingent or otherwise; and a general release on our then-current form.
    B. The option, separate and apart from our option stated in Section 25.01 above, exercisable at
       the time and in the manner set forth in subparagraph (A) above, to assume your leasehold
       interest in the one or more of the Locations or, if you own any of the Locations, to enter into
       a lease agreement with you. If we exercise our option, you agree to assign your leasehold
       interest to us or, if you own the Location(s), to lease the Location(s) to us at a reasonable
       commercial rent and upon terms comparable to rental terms for similar leased property in the
       marketplace of the Location(s). You acknowledge and agree that we will have no obligation
       under any circumstance to reimburse or otherwise compensate you in connection with any
       such lease assignment, including no obligation to reimburse or otherwise compensate you
       for any leasehold improvement costs or expenses or other costs or expenses incurred by you
       in connection with the Location(s).
    C. If we exercise our option under subparagraph (A) to purchase the assets of your
       Restaurant(s) under this Agreement from you, the purchase price for the assets will be their
       fair market value, determined in a manner consistent with reasonable depreciation of the
       Restaurant’s(s’) leasehold improvements, equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, materials
       and supplies. The age and condition of the improvements, equipment, fixtures, furnishings,
       decor, and signs of the Restaurant(s), will also be considered in determining the fair market
       value. We may exclude from the assets we elect to purchase, cash or its equivalent and any
       leasehold improvements, equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, materials and supplies that
       are not necessary or appropriate (in function or quality) to the Restaurant’s(s’) operation or
       that we have not approved as meeting the Brand Standards for System Restaurants, and the
       purchase price will reflect such exclusions.
    D. If we and you are unable to agree on the fair market value of the Restaurant’s(s’) assets, or
       the fair rental value of the Location(s), such fair market value (or fair rental value, as
       applicable) will be determined by three (3) independent appraisers who collectively will
       conduct one appraisal. We will appoint one appraiser, you will appoint one appraiser, and
       those appraisers will appoint the third appraiser. We and you agree to select our respective
       appraisers within fifteen (15) calendar days after the Notification Date, and we and you agree
       that we will each instruct the two (2) appraisers so chosen to appoint the third appraiser within
       fifteen (15) days after the date on which the last of their appointed appraisers is appointed.
       The parties will each bear the cost of their own appraiser and share equally the fees and
       expenses of the third appraiser. The parties hereby agree that they will instruct the three (3)
       appraisers to complete their appraisal within thirty (30) days after the third appraiser’s
       appointment.
    E. The purchase price will be paid at the closing of the purchase, which will take place not later
       than ninety (90) days after the determination of the purchase price. We will have the right to
       set off against the purchase price, and thereby reduce the purchase price by, any and all
       amounts you or your owners owe to us or our affiliates. At the closing, you will deliver
       instruments transferring to us: (i) good and merchantable title to the assets purchased, free
       and clear of all liens and encumbrances, with all sales and other transfer taxes paid by you;
       (ii) all licenses and permits of the System Restaurant(s) which may be assigned or
       transferred; and (iii) a leasehold interest in (or unencumbered title to) the Location(s) and
       improvements. If you cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets, or if there are
                                                        64
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
