and no information gained directly or indirectly regarding any other Supplier customers may be reviewed or
inspected or revealed to Franchisee. Franchisee shall be specifically instructed not to review or communicate any
information regarding any other Supplier customer’s information to any party, including Franchisee. Should Supplier
be required to include this Inspection and Audit provision in any other contract for any other customer, this section
requiring the non-disclosure of information to the other customer shall be included in that document and enforced
by Supplier so as to protect Franchisee Confidential Information.
7.2     Reporting Errors. If any examination or audit discloses that Franchisee was overcharged or billed in error,
Supplier must, within 10 business days after notice from Franchisee, pay to Franchisee any overcharge found to be
owing, plus a finance charge at the rate of 1.5% per month (or, if lower, the maximum rate permitted by law), accruing
from the date payment was received by Supplier. If Franchisee is found to have been overcharged an amount
exceeding 5% of the amount due over any twelve-month period, then in addition, Supplier must reimburse
Franchisee for the reasonable cost and expense of the audit.
7.3      Reports. Supplier agrees to provide the following automated reports that Franchisee may access through
the Site at any time.
         (a)   A report indicating in real-time the total number of Orders placed by Franchisee Customers through
                 the Pizza Hut Digital System with the ability to filter and sort by Franchisee Restaurant, region, date
                 range, or custom group of Franchisee Restaurants; and
         (b)   A report indicating in real-time the errors that occur on the Pizza Hut Digital System and the nature
                 of and reason for (to the extent determinable by Supplier) with the ability to categorize, filter and
                 sort each error by Franchisee Restaurant, region, date range, or custom group of Franchisee
                 Restaurants..
Supplier agrees to provide such other reports that Franchisee may reasonably request from time to time in a format
acceptable to Franchisee. Supplier agrees to provide access to all data via a method of online access. Supplier
agrees that the costs associated with creating such online access and generating and providing the reports to
Franchisee under this Section 7.3 are included in the Fees, and in no event will Franchisee be required to pay
additional costs for the reports set forth in subsections (a) and (b).
7.4      Credit Card Data Security.


         (a)      In addition to the audit requirements above (Section 7.1) and in Exhibit E to the Amended and
         Restated MSA, Supplier shall provide reasonable access and cooperate with any audits and security
         reviews requested and conducted by Visa or Visa-approved entities upon written notice that a security
         intrusion has been detected.
         (b)      Supplier shall maintain, keep and preserve at a secure location and area, accessible to authorized
         personnel (i.e. VISA-approved entities) upon request, any and all credit cardholder data collected and stored
         by or through Supplier through the expiration or termination of this Agreement and for the post-termination
         period required by PCI DSS and industry standards referred to herein.
         (c)      Supplier represents and warrants that it is and shall remain fully compliant with all applicable
         Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance standards and hereby acknowledges that it is responsible for
         maintaining the security of all credit cardholder data collected and stored by or through Supplier pursuant
         to this Agreement. Supplier shall provide to Franchisee on an annual basis, documentation to support
         completion of the then current PCI requirements and acceptance by Visa and/or other third party
         organization designated by Visa.


ARTICLE 8 – INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                          15
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
