         3. You acknowledge and agree that any advice we furnish regarding site selection and our
            proposal, inspection and/or approval of any Location(s) will not constitute, and will not be
            deemed to constitute, our express or implied representation, warranty, guarantee or any
            other indication of the prospective profitability, viability or merit of the Location(s).
5.02     Location Lease

    A. Lease Approval. If you will be leasing the Location(s), then promptly following our written
       approval of your proposed Location site(s), you agree to obtain a lease or sublease for the
       Location(s) which, unless we otherwise approve the lease in advance, must be accompanied
       by a rider incorporating the requirements specified in Appendix D to this Agreement. You
       agree to deliver us a copy of any proposed lease or sublease and related documents
       (collectively, the “Lease”) before you execute the Lease. Any Lease will be subject to our
       advance written approval, which we will not unreasonably withhold or delay, provided,
       however, that we expressly reserve the right to disapprove any Lease solely to the extent not
       accompanied by a rider or similar provisions embracing all of the provisions of Appendix D.
       If we do not communicate our approval or disapproval of a proposed Lease to you within
       twenty (20) business days following our receipt of the proposed Lease, and if the Lease is
       accompanied by a rider containing the required provisions of Appendix D, then the Lease will
       be considered approved.

    B. Lease Limitations. You may not, in any Lease, create any obligations or grant any rights
       against us or our affiliates or agree to any term, condition or covenant which is inconsistent
       with this Agreement or any related agreement. You also acknowledge and agree that you are
       bound by the terms, conditions, covenants and obligations of the Lease. You may not assign,
       transfer or encumber your Lease or sublet all or any part of the Location(s) without our
       advance written approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that
       you may transfer a Lease in connection with the sale of your Business or its subject
       Restaurants to another Pizza Hut franchisee approved by us.
5.03     Construction of Your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s)

    A. Compliance with Our Brand Standards.
         1. After acquiring the Location(s) by lease or purchase, you shall at your expense construct
            your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) or, if applicable, convert the existing premises at the
            Location(s) to a Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) in conformity with final plans and specifications
            which we have approved and/or specify in our Brand Standards.
         2. Our Brand Standards may or will furnish you with a sample layout for the interior of a
            Pizza Hut Restaurant of the System Restaurant Concept you will operate at the Location
            and a set of typical preliminary plans and specifications for, and approved sources of
            supply of, your Restaurant(s) furniture, fixtures, equipment, signs and/or other trade dress
            elements. We reserve the right to be (and earn a profit as) an approved source or the
            only approved source of certain of your Restaurant(s) furniture, fixtures, equipment,
            equipment and/or other trade dress elements. If we have not specified a source of supply
            for any such item, then you may purchase that item from any source, so long as the items
            purchased are in strict accordance with any specifications concerning the item which we
            have issued in the Brand Standards. You must obtain our advance written consent before
            deviating in any fashion from our specifications or Brand Standards.
         3. You must follow all Brand Standards applicable to the construction of your Restaurant(s)
            including those regarding the requirement that you obtain all necessary permits, licenses,
            variances and approvals pertaining to the building, occupancy, signs, utilities, zoning, use

                                                        6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
