Hut Digital System at any of Franchisee’s Restaurant Locations (the “IPH Digital Fee”) until December 31, 2017. In
consideration for payment of the Bundled Transaction Fees, IPHFHA will not invoice and Franchisee shall have no
obligation to pay the IPH Digital Fee in connection with any Franchisee Restaurant Locations receiving the Services
as of the Effective Date. Rather, the IPH Digital Fee shall be subsumed in the Bundled Transaction Fees.
6.3       Favorable Pricing. Supplier agrees that the Fees for the Services (considering price, discounts, allowances,
term, systems and other terms and conditions offered to other Supplier clients) will be no less favorable than fees
charged to other Supplier clients using the same or similar services. If Supplier agrees to offer another Supplier
client lower fees for substantially similar services as a whole or for any service individually, Supplier shall promptly
offer the lower fees, in writing, to Franchisee.
6.4       Potential Adjustment to Base Services Transaction Fee. An adjustment to the Base Services Transaction
Fee may occur due to an increase or decrease in Supplier’s actual costs incurred to defend the Pizza Hut System
against patent infringement claims (the “Litigation”) in connection with Supplier providing the Services under the PHI
Master Agreements, this Agreement and all other agreements signed between Supplier and other franchisees for
use of the Pizza Hut Digital System (collectively referred to as the “Pizza Hut System Agreements”). By way of
example, if Supplier incurs Litigation costs that are less than $1,000,000 in a calendar year, Supplier shall reduce
the aggregate Base Services Transaction Fee under all such Pizza Hut System Agreements by way of a special
credit in the following calendar year in an amount equal to forty percent (40%) of the difference between $1,000,000
and the actual costs Supplier incurred for the Litigation. If Supplier incurs Litigation costs that exceed $1,500,000 in
a calendar year, Supplier may increase the Base Services Transaction Fee by way of a special assessment in the
following calendar year in an amount equal to forty percent (40%) of the difference between $1,500,000 and the
actual costs Supplier incurred for the Litigation, which for purposes of this calculation shall in no event exceed
$2,500,000. All modifications to the Base Services Transaction Fee contemplated by this Section will be applied pro-
rata among the participating members of the Pizza Hut System based on the order volume contributed by each.
6.5      Set-up or Transfer Fee. Franchisee shall pay to Supplier a one-time $250 Set-up or Transfer Fee for each
participating Franchisee Restaurant Location. For purposes of clarification, this fee will apply as a Set-up fee for all
net new Franchisee stores. The fee also applies and is defined as a Transfer Fee for Franchisee Restaurant
Location(s) when a Franchisee acquires a store or multiple stores from PHI or another Franchisee.
6.6     Other Fees and Limitations. These fees do not include any custom programming for software and hardware
requirements not listed in the System Requirements in Section 4.4. These fees also do not include
                  1. The cost of any hardware or software required for participation in the program.
                  2. Customer e-mail responses, which remain the responsibility of Franchisee.
                  3. Travel costs and training that requires Supplier to travel to a Franchisee location (if any).
                  4. Communication costs, if a continuous connection to the Internet is not available to each
                  participating restaurant.
6.7      Payment. Fees will be billed on a Period basis. All undisputed invoices must be paid within 30 days of
receipt of all timely submitted invoices. Any past due amount is subject to a late charge in the amount of six percent
(6%) per month or the maximum amount permitted by law, whichever is less. Neither PHI nor Digico shall be liable
or obligated in any way, including payment of any fees or claims made, with respect to Services sold or provided to
Franchisees by Supplier.
ARTICLE 7 – RECORDS, AUDITS AND REPORTS
7.1      Inspection and Audit. At all reasonable times, Franchisee may request and obtain from Supplier copies of
applicable records, ledgers, accounts, books, and data relating to Supplier’s Services provided to Franchisee under
this Agreement. Supplier must cooperate with any such examination or audit by gathering records, accounts, and
books for easy access, and by providing other assistance Franchisee reasonably requests, subject to Franchisee’s
obligation not to reveal any information pertaining to any other customer of Supplier. It is expressly agreed and
understood by the Parties that only information related to Franchisee transactions may be reviewed by Franchisee,
                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                           14
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
