                                                                                                  FINAL


      2017 PEPSI-COLA BEVERAGE SUPPLY AND MARKETING AGREEMENT
                                   Franchisee Adoption Agreement


By executing this FRANCHISEE ADOPTION AGREEMENT effective this _____ day
of __________, 202_ (the “Effective Date”), the undersigned franchisee, licensee or joint
venture (“Participating Franchisee”) of YUM! BRANDS, INC. (for itself and/or its wholly owned
subsidiaries, KFC Corporation, Pizza Hut, LLC (including WingStreet) and Taco Bell Corp.)
(collectively, “Yum!”) agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the 2017 Pepsi-Cola
Beverage Supply and Marketing Agreement (“Agreement”) between Yum! and PEPSICO SALES,
INC. (“Pepsi”), dated January 1, 2017.

Participating Franchisee agrees to be bound to Pepsi under the terms and conditions of the Agreement for
purposes of Participating Franchisee’s performance of all of Participating Franchisee’s obligations
pursuant to the Agreement, and, as between Pepsi and Participating Franchisee, to confer upon Pepsi all
rights and benefits of the Agreement as applicable to Pepsi.

Pepsi agrees to be bound to Participating Franchisee under the terms and conditions of the Agreement for
purposes of its performance of all of Pepsi’s obligations pursuant to the Agreement, and, as between Pepsi
and Participating Franchisee, to confer upon Participating Franchisee all rights and benefits of the
Agreement as applicable to Participating Franchisee. Pepsi acknowledges that there are certain terms and
conditions of performance expressly set forth in the Agreement that only Yum! is responsible to fulfill
and the Participating Franchisee is not obligated to fulfill these Yum! terms and conditions.

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Franchisee Adoption Agreement shall have the meaning as
defined in the Agreement.


The Agreement is attached hereto as Schedule “1.”


                          [END OF TEXT - SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




                                           CONFIDENTIAL
                                                 1
