         other unresolved issues, the closing of the sale will be accomplished through an escrow. As
         a condition of our purchase of the System Restaurant(s), you and your owners further agree
         to execute general releases, in form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and
         the other Franchisor Parties (as defined in Appendix A).
    F. For the avoidance of doubt: We may assign or otherwise Transfer our options under this
       Section 25.01 to any Person without your consent.
25.02 Powers of Attorney

You hereby appoint us as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority to assign
to us upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement (a) all rights to the telephone numbers of
your Restaurant(s), any related internet listings, and all rights to any website listings or services,
search engines or systems, and any other business listings related to your Restaurant(s) and (b) at
our option, your interest in any Lease for the Location(s) subject to the terms of the Lease. Such
powers of attorney shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, and you agree to
execute such forms and documents as we deem necessary to appoint us as your true and lawful
attorney in fact with full power and authority for the foregoing purposes.

                                     26. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
26.01 Relationship of the Parties

    A. Independent Contractor. You understand and agree that you are and will be our
       independent contractor under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement may be construed
       to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, employment or fiduciary relationship of any
       kind. None of your employees will be considered to be our employees. Neither you nor any
       of your employees whose compensation you pay may in any way, directly or indirectly,
       expressly or by implication, be construed to be our employee for any purpose, most
       particularly with respect to any mandated or other insurance coverage, tax or contributions,
       or requirements pertaining to withholdings, levied or fixed by any city, state or federal
       governmental agency. We will not have the power to hire or fire your employees. You
       expressly agree, and will never contend otherwise, that our authority under this Agreement
       to certify certain of your employees for qualification to perform certain functions for your
       franchised Business does not directly or indirectly vest in us the power to hire, fire or control
       any such employee.

    B. Control of Day-To-Day Operations. You acknowledge and agree, and will never contend
       otherwise, that you alone will exercise day-to-day control over all operations, activities and
       elements of your franchised Business and its Restaurant(s) and that under no circumstance
       shall we do so or be deemed to do so. You further acknowledge and agree, and will never
       contend otherwise, that the various requirements, restrictions, prohibitions, specifications and
       procedures of the System which you are required to comply with under this Agreement,
       whether set forth in our Brand Standards or otherwise, do not directly or indirectly constitute,
       suggest, infer or imply that we control any aspect or element of the day-to-day operations of
       your franchised Business, which you alone control, but only constitute standards you must
       adhere to when exercising your exclusive control of the day-to-day operations of your
       franchised Business and its Restaurant(s).

    C. No Binding Authority. You may not, without our prior written approval, have any power to
       obligate us for any expenses, liabilities or other obligations, other than as specifically provided
       in this Agreement. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, we may not control or
       have access to your funds or the expenditure of your funds or in any other way exercise

                                                        65
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
