by Franchisee. The menu specifications will be provided by Franchisee via a printed menu for the
appropriate Pizza Hut Unit(s). Service Provider personnel will make the appropriate adjustments so
the menu, product specifications, and prices are accurate and consistent with the printed menu.

Service Provider: PHCLLC or Franchisee. Required for each PHOS.

        2.     Ongoing Menu Maintenance. Service Provider personnel will maintain Franchisee’s
menu, prices, and recipes and download the menu to the appropriate PHOS up to once per PHCLLC
accounting period as directed by Franchisee. The menu maintenance service will provide updates
for products, recipes, prices, and promotions as required to keep current with company and
Franchisee menu and promotional offerings. Service Provider personnel will make the appropriate
adjustments so the menu, product specifications, and prices are accurate and consistent with the
printed menu.

Franchisee understands and acknowledges the menu management group cannot set up non-
standard product without formal approval of the restaurant concept management. Additionally, the
Franchisee understands and acknowledges the prices indicated in Schedule 1 and 1A are for PHLLC
menus only. All other restaurant concepts will be quoted prices as requested in writing.

Service Provider: PHCLLC or Franchisee. Required to each PHOS.

C.            SERVICE MANAGEMENT.

        1.      Help Desk Support. PHCLLC will provide Help Desk Support via a 1-800 number 19
hours per day (from 7:00 a.m. to 2:00 a.m., Central Time), and 7 days per week, except for PHCLLC
approved holidays (currently Christmas Day and Thanksgiving Day) Help Desk Support personnel
will coordinate the resolution of all problems related to SUS/FMS Software and approved hardware,
and will keep personnel at the Pizza Hut Unit informed as to the status of the reported problem. The
current targets that PHCLLC has with the Service Provider for company operated PIZZA HUT
restaurants are as follows:

              a.      To resolve 100% of Priority 1 problems (severe ORDER PROCESSING
impairment) within 5 hours;

               b.     To resolve 90% of Priority 2 problems (unable to perform one or more PHOS
functions other than ORDER PROCESSING) within 12 hours, with a maximum resolution time of
fourteen (14) days; and

Service Provider: PHCLLC. Required for each PHOS, unless Franchisee has obtained written
permission from PHCLLC to provide their own 1st and 2nd level software support and self
maintenance of hardware. A requirement to obtaining this written permission will be that Franchisee
schedule and receive the necessary training from PHCLLC to execute said support.

                c.       It is PHCLLC’s objective to provide an equitable cost structure for Help Desk
support usage. To achieve this objective, PHCLLC has implemented a pricing structure for Help
Desk support, as described in Schedules 1 and 1-A, in order to achieve an equitable recovery of
costs based on Help Desk Support usage. PHCLLC reserves the right to (i) establish a minimum
base on call levels, (ii) increase fees if call levels exceed 1 ½ - 2 times national average because of
user errors, unapproved changes to operating system or general building disrepair, or (iii) make other
changes to the pricing structure for Help Desk support intended to achieve a more equitable recovery
of costs based on Help Desk Support usage. Any such changes to the Help Desk pricing structure
will be effective no earlier than ninety (90) days following written notice to Franchisee and direct
                                                        19
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
