                                               EXHIBIT A

                                     SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT

1. Uptime Commitment. Pizza Hut will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Services
   will be available at least 98% of the time, as measured by a Measurement Period (as defined below),
   subject to the Service Level Exceptions as set forth below and also excluding scheduled downtime and
   any time necessary to implement any maintenance, updates, upgrades or other modifications to the
   Services (“Uptime Commitment”). Pizza Hut will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the
   effect of such maintenance on the Services.

   In addition to the Service Level Exceptions, the Uptime Commitment will not apply in the event of any
   causes beyond the control of Pizza Hut or its hosting provider, including, without limitation, interruption
   or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion,
   denial of service attacks, failure of the internet generally, any actions or inactions of Customer or any
   third party, or other failures.

2. Incident Response, Workaround and Resolution Times.

   2.1 Incidents (as defined below) will be categorized as Severity 1 Incidents, Severity 2 Incidents, or
       Severity 3 Incidents.

   2.2 In the event of a dispute between the Parties as to the correct categorization of an Incident, Pizza
       Hut will have the right to solely determine the applicable categorization of that Incident after a good-
       faith consultation process between the Parties.

   2.3 Response Time Service Level.

          Pizza Hut will in respect of any Incident:

          2.3.1   where Customer (in this case, Customer’s restaurant level IT services) has notified Pizza
                  Hut of the Incident through messages received by Pizza Hut’s incident management
                  process from Customer’s ticketing system, acknowledge receipt of the Incident report;

          2.3.2   where Pizza Hut otherwise becomes aware of the Incident, notify Customer of the
                  existence of the Incident;

          2.3.3   in either case, provide Customer with details of the action to be taken by Pizza Hut,
                  directly or indirectly, in relation to the Incident; or

          2.3.4   in either case, commence work on resolving the Incident,

          as soon as is reasonably practicable, and in any event within the response times for the relevant
          Incident type as set out in the following table (“Response Time Service Level”):



                         Severity Level                 Response Time


                                 1                          6 hours

                                 2                     Next Business Day

                                 3                      2 Business Days

          The Response Time Service Level will be measured from the earlier of the time that: (i) Pizza
          Hut’s incident management system receives a trouble ticket from Customer’s ticketing system; (ii)
