are certain circumstances when we and/or our affiliates have entered into land and building leases
with franchisees.

    Time to Open
     You must begin operation of each Restaurant within 30 days after completing construction
and must give us 10 days’ prior written notice. You must open your first System Restaurant for
business no later than 6 months following the Effective Date of the Location Franchise Agreement.
You must open any subsequent System Restaurants under the Location Franchise Agreement
by the dates specified in Appendix B to the Location Franchise Agreement, which will be within
12 months of our approval of the site, unless prevented by the occurrence of a Force Majeure
event. The typical time from signing the Location Franchise Agreement to opening your System
Restaurant is approximately 6 to 12 months. Factors affecting the length of time to open include
the time required to obtain necessary permits and approvals, weather conditions, and labor
difficulties during development and construction, financing arrangements, and your ability to
obtain a lease, among other things.
Training Programs
Initial Training Program
   We conduct our Initial Training Program approximately 4 times a year (or more frequently, if
needed) at our headquarters in Plano, Texas and at a qualified restaurant location of our choice.
The instructional materials consist of the Brand Standards and various print and electronic
materials. Instructors have a minimum of 2 years of experience in the field relevant to the subject
taught and a minimum of 2 years operational experience with us.
    Successful completion of the Initial Training Program is mandatory for all of your Qualified
Operators. Currently, the Initial Training Program (“First Slice”) requires at least the following for
your Qualified Operators (as well as all other personnel we may require): (i) attendance at all one-
on-one meetings with designated Pizza Hut functional leaders (“Franchisee Onboarding”); (ii) in-
restaurant training (including all required web-based training through Learn! Now) at a time we
designate (“Restaurant Training”); (iii) attendance at all Pizza Prep classes (defined herein) at or
near our corporate headquarters; and (iv) satisfaction of all portions of the First Slice Onboarding
Checklist. We may alter or enhance the content and/or components of First Slice at our discretion.
The length of the First Slice portion of the Initial Training Program will vary from 6 to 12 weeks at
our discretion depending on your experience and/or the experience of your Qualified Operators.
The in-restaurant portion of the Initial Training Program should be scheduled to finish 3 to 4 weeks
prior to the opening of your System Restaurant.
    The following is a description of the Initial Training Program as of the issuance date of this
disclosure document:




                                                  28
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
