             after we give you such notice in the case of a product that is no longer an Approved
             Product.

         3. You must maintain in sufficient supply products, ingredients, materials, recipe
            components and paper goods as conform to our then-current Brand Standards and must
            refrain from deviating therefrom by the use of any non-conforming items without our prior
            written consent. Your Restaurant must prepare all food, beverages and other products
            utilizing such preparation standards, recipes, procedures and techniques as we specify
            in the Brand Standards and must refrain from any deviation from same without our prior
            written consent.

    B. Other Items and Products.
         1. You may never sell or distribute any food, beverage, or other product or ingredient except
            as a complete and fully prepared product ready for immediate consumption, unless we
            expressly permit you to do otherwise.
         2. If you desire to sell any food, beverage or other product which is not a part of the System
            Restaurant Concept(s) franchised hereunder, then you must obtain our advance written
            permission, which we may deny for any or no reason. If we grant such advance written
            approval to you, then the food, beverage or other product in question will become a part
            of the System; we may, but will not be required to, authorize the food, beverage or other
            product for sale at one or more other Pizza Hut Restaurants of any System Restaurant
            Concept; we may subsequently revoke our approval for any or no reason; we will own all
            rights associated with the food, beverage or other product; and, you will not be entitled to
            any compensation therefor.
9.02     Participation in Pizza Hut Purchasing Cooperative

So long as this Agreement is in effect, you shall become and remain a member of the Purchasing
Coop and abide by its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws in effect from time to time, including
the provisions of Section 2.6 of the Bylaws concerning purchase commitments. A copy of the current
version of Section 2.6 of the Bylaws is attached hereto as Appendix J. Your obligation to become
and remain a member of the Purchasing Coop shall terminate upon dissolution of the Purchasing
Coop or if an agreement is reached between us and IPHFHA to delete from this Agreement the
requirement that you become and remain a member of the Purchasing Coop.
9.03     Proprietary Programs, Products and Services

You must purchase or lease any proprietary food or beverage items, other products, food or
beverage components, supplies, equipment, materials, programs, partnerships, systems, methods,
platforms (including technology platforms), or services used in conjunction with or sold at your
Restaurant(s) which now comprise, or in the future may comprise, a part of the System and which
were developed by, are proprietary to or kept secret by us or our affiliates, only from us (or the
Purchasing Coop if it offers and sells same), an affiliate of ours that we designate or an Approved
Distributor. We impose this requirement to advance uniformity of the System Restaurant Concepts
and quality and to protect our trade secrets, which are of the essence to the System and this
Agreement. We (or our affiliates, the Purchasing Coop or an Approved Distributor) will sell to you all
such proprietary products under terms we develop and advise you of from time to time. We reserve
the right to earn a profit on the sale of proprietary products to you.




                                                        15
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
