         5. Employee Insurance. Workers’ compensation, employer’s liability and any other
            employee insurance required by any applicable federal, state or local law, rule or
            regulation (but in no event less than $1,000,000 for employer’s liability insurance).
         6. Construction Insurance. In connection with the construction, refurbishment, renovation,
            remodeling or upgrading of your franchised Restaurant(s), builders’ and/or contractor’s
            insurance (as applicable) and performance and completion bonds in forms and amounts
            acceptable to us, as set forth in our Brand Standards.
         7. Indemnification Insurance. Insurance coverage of such types, nature and scope
            sufficient to satisfy your indemnification obligations under Section 14.01 of this Agreement.
B. The insurance coverage that you acquire and maintain under this Article 15 must:
         1. Be written on an occurrence basis.
         2. Name us and the other Franchisor Parties as additional insureds and provide that the
            coverage afforded applies separately to each insured against whom a claim is brought as
            though a separate policy had been issued to each insured (except for workers’
            compensation, employer’s liability and any other employee-related insurance mandated
            by any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation).
         3. Contain no provision which in any way limits or reduces coverage for you if there is a
            claim by one or more of the Franchisor Parties.
         4. Extend to and provide indemnity for all obligations assumed by you under this Agreement
            and all other items for which you are required to indemnify us under this Agreement.
         5. Contains such endorsements (to the extent available) as we may specify from time to
            time in the Brand Standards.
         6. Be primary to and without right of contribution from any other insurance purchased by the
            Franchisor Parties.
         7. Provide, by endorsement, that we are entitled to receive at least 30 days prior written
            notice of any intent to reduce policy limits, restrict coverage, cancel, not renew or
            otherwise alter or amend the policy.
         8. Contain a waiver of subrogation rights against us, the other Franchisor Parties and any
            of our successors and/or assigns. Be placed with insurers that have received an AM
            Best’s (or the equivalent of AM Best’s) financial strength rating of “A” or better and a
            financial size category of “VII” or greater. Exceptions are available only where agreed to
            in writing in advance by us.
         9. All public liability policies may be required by us to contain a provision that, although we
            are named as an additional insured, we are nevertheless entitled to recover under said
            policies on any loss occasioned to us or the other Franchisor Parties by reason of your
            negligence or that of your servants, agents or employees.
C. All liability insurance you are required to maintain will insure against our vicarious or imputed
   liability for actual and (unless prohibited by applicable law) punitive damages assessed against
   you, us and/or the other Franchisor Parties.
D. You agree not to reduce the policy limits, restrict coverage, cancel or otherwise alter or amend
   any required insurance policy without our specific advance written consent, which may be
   denied for any or no reason.


                                                        31
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
