                             Additionally, should Supplier be the cloud-provider, or one of the cloud providers, in a
                             private or hybrid cloud environment, the terms of the Amended and Restated SOW shall
                             continue to apply to Supplier’s cloud environment.
                  2.8.1.1 Implementation Timeline. The Phoenix Platform shall be ready for testing in at least one
                          PHI Restaurant Location by July 31, 2017, with the capability to move all PHI Restaurant
                          Locations to the Phoenix Platform by December 31, 2017. The deployment schedule will
                          be determined by PHI and Supplier, but Full Deployment shall be completed no later than
                          April 30, 2018. PHI and Supplier will cooperate in good faith to facilitate the implementation
                          and use of the new Phoenix Platform toward one common point-of-sale system for PHI and
                          its franchisees, and in maintaining prescribed standards, as established by PHI from time
                          to time.
         2.8.2    Further, the functionality set forth below will be added to the current Internet Order System or Pizza
                  Hut Digital System, as the case may be, within a timeframe mutually agreed upon between PHI and
                  Supplier, but in no event longer than twelve (12) months following the Effective Date of the Amended
                  and Restated SOW.
                  •      Integrate with PHI-designated third parties (e.g., TransArmor, Verifone) as necessary to allow
                         for Tokenization in all System Restaurants.
                  •      Migrate to a single code base for the desktop and mobile web versions of the Pizza Hut Web
                         Site which code base shall be responsive based on the device accessing the Pizza Hut Web
                         Site (i.e., the code base shall load the mobile version for users accessing the Pizza Hut Web
                         Site via a mobile device).
                  •      Integrate with relevant third parties to display configurable calorie information in connection with
                         Pizza Hut Products (Supplier shall have the right to extend its obligation to implement this
                         functionality until the effective date of United States Food and Drug Administration’s menu
                         labeling regulations).
ARTICLE 3 – SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE
3.1      Reliability. Subject to the provisions of Section 17.5 of the Amended and Restated MSA and Sections 3.2
and 10.4 below and in addition to any service levels set forth in Schedule F of the Amended and Restated SOW,
Supplier agrees to fulfill the Services set forth in this Agreement hereof a minimum of 99.999% of the time during
the Daily Availability Period.
          3.1.1       In order to achieve the reliability set forth above, Supplier agrees to maintain and operate
                      Redundant Systems in order to prevent hardware or software outages from affecting the availability
                      of the Pizza Hut Digital System during the Daily Availability Period and to use commercially
                      reasonable efforts to ensure the availability of the Services during the Daily Availability Period. To
                      achieve 99.999% availability, Supplier will maintain two (2) Redundant System sites. Supplier
                      agrees to stress-test all Redundant Systems according to a process and within timelines to be
                      agreed to by PHI and Supplier.
          3.1.2       Supplier will work directly and in good faith with any member of the Pizza Hut System (as
                      appropriate) and Pizza Hut System’s designated third party service and technology providers, as
                      necessary, to ensure a timely resolution of issues that arise with the Services covered under this
                      Agreement, including but not limited to problem diagnosis, determination and resolution. Supplier
                      agrees to facilitate PHI’s use of mutually-agreed third-party monitoring services to assess site
                      performance, reliability, and accessibility.
3.2      Accessibility. Subject to the provisions of Section 10.4 and in addition to any service levels set forth in
Schedule F of the Amended and Restated SOW, Supplier agrees to maintain 99.999% availability for the Site and
the Pizza Hut Digital System so that the Services specified in this Agreement are (a) accessible to System Customers
                                                   QuikOrder, LLC
                                       7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                               9
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
