         at the earliest possible time and to maintain these connections as we require. You will grant
         access to us to all components of the PH Restaurant Technology Suite (and other electronic
         systems as we may reasonably require) such that we may retrieve from them all information
         that we consider necessary, desirable or appropriate.

    F. Changes to the Technology Requirements. You may be required to purchase (at your
       expense), install, and utilize such newly developed modes of computerization (including new
       technologies), hardware, software, equipment, accessories, facilities, capabilities,
       communication, media and/or interfaces conforming to our then-current technology
       specifications (including digital technology specifications), as well as improvements to or
       modifications of your existing technologies (including computer and point-of-sale systems),
       as we, in our business judgment, determine to incorporate into the System. You shall do so
       at such time and in such manner as we designate in our Brand Standards or other written
       notices. You may be required to purchase such technologies from us, our affiliates, or
       designated third parties and, in connection therewith, be required to enter into related license
       and support agreements with us, our affiliates, or designated third parties and pay all related
       fees, including fees to support our online and smartphone “app” ordering systems. We
       reserve the right to state license, support, maintenance and other technology fees separately
       or in the aggregate and to change the basis of the allocation of any fees from time to time to
       reflect: (i) any increase or decrease in the costs and expenses providing the applicable
       services, or (ii) any change in the competitive needs of the System, including the right to
       change the basis for charging such fees, so long as the charges are computed on a fair and
       consistent basis among similarly situated System Restaurants receiving the services for
       utilizing the applicable systems.

    G. Post-Term Obligations. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you must return
       or transfer all data licensed or made available to you under, or in connection with, this
       Agreement, software licenses, “cloud” access passwords and codes used in conjunction with
       your operation of franchised Restaurants to us within 10 business days.

    H. Confidentiality Obligations. You will provide to us all user ID’s and passwords required to
       access files and other information stored on your franchised Business’s computer and POS
       (or successor point-of-sale) systems. You will at all times ensure that the only personnel
       conducting transactions on your computer and/or point-of-sale systems will be those who
       have been trained and qualified to do so.
11.02 Execution of Digital Ordering Agreements

Concurrent with your execution of this Agreement, you shall execute and return to us the QuikOrder
Amended and Restated Online Order Agreement - Franchisee Adoption Agreement annexed hereto
as Appendix L (or any successor agreements as required by us), which agreement facilitates the
ability of customers of the Pizza Hut System and your franchised Restaurant(s) to place orders
digitally through various modes (online, computer and smartphone “apps” and any other now or
hereafter developed mode of communication). You shall execute any such further amended or
restated forms of the QuikOrder Amended and Restated Online Order Agreement - Franchisee
Adoption Agreement (or successor agreements) as may be required.

                                         12. WEBSITES/SOCIAL MEDIA
12.01 Our Use of Websites/Social Media

    A. Except as described in this Section 12.01, we alone may establish, maintain, modify, or
       discontinue all internet, worldwide web, and electronic commerce activities pertaining to the
                                                        20
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
