         service mark registration of any of the Pizza Hut Marks or any confusingly similar marks in
         your own name. You agree to use the Pizza Hut Marks only for the uses and in the manner
         licensed under this Agreement and as provided in this Agreement. You agree that under no
         circumstance will you incorporate any of the Pizza Hut Marks, any portion thereof or any
         name or mark derivative of or similar to the Pizza Hut Marks, in your name without our
         express written consent. You may never use the Pizza Hut Marks in connection with any
         other business except for the franchised Business. You agree that you will not, during or after
         the Term of this Agreement, impair the goodwill associated with the Pizza Hut Marks or in
         any way dispute or impugn the validity of the Pizza Hut Marks, our rights (or those of our
         affiliates) to the Pizza Hut Marks, or the rights of us, our affiliates, other franchisees of ours
         or other third parties to whom we may have licensed the Pizza Hut Marks.

    B. In all instances your use of the Pizza Hut Marks must comply with our directions, limitations,
       specifications and authorized prescribed uses. You expressly understand and agree that you
       are bound not to represent in any manner that you have acquired, and you will not assert any
       claim to, any ownership, goodwill, reputation or equitable rights in any of our Pizza Hut Marks
       by virtue of the limited license granted under this Agreement, by virtue of your use of any of
       the Pizza Hut Marks or otherwise. All of your uses of the Pizza Hut Marks, whether as a
       trademark, service mark, trade name or trade style, will inure to our benefit. Following the
       expiration or termination of this Agreement, no monetary amount will be attributable to any
       goodwill associated with your use of the Pizza Hut Marks or operation of the franchised
       Business or your Restaurant(s), including any “local goodwill,” which, you expressly agree,
       exclusively vests in us.

    C. You acknowledge that our rights in the Pizza Hut Marks are not limited to the specific
       presentation or configuration of any of them, but rather extend to all combinations and
       displays of the words and/or design elements thereof and extend to all translations of them
       in any language. Further, you acknowledge and agree that our and our affiliates’ rights in and
       to the Pizza Hut Marks are not limited to such rights as may be conferred by registrations
       thereof or by applications for registrations but, instead, include extensive common law and
       other rights in the Pizza Hut Marks vested in us as a result of their use by us, our affiliates
       and other authorized parties.

16.02 Use and Display of Pizza Hut Marks

A. Permitted Use.
         1. Your right to use the Pizza Hut Marks is limited to the uses authorized under this
            Agreement and as provided in our Brand Standards.
         2. The license granted to you to use the Pizza Hut Marks is applicable only to your
            Restaurant(s) situated at the Location(s) and any permitted Satellites, except that you
            may use the Pizza Hut Marks in connection with approved advertisements for your
            Restaurant(s) and may deliver products produced at your Restaurant(s) throughout the
            Delivery Area.
         3. You may use the Pizza Hut Marks only for the operation of the franchised Business or in
            approved advertising for the franchised Business.
         4. You will exercise caution in your use of the Pizza Hut Marks to ensure that they (and the
            goodwill associated with them) are not jeopardized in any manner.



                                                        33
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
