rate for you designed to account for such excluded revenue (but only with respect to those
Restaurants situated within a jurisdiction prohibiting the payment of Monthly Service Fees based in
part on the sale of alcoholic beverages).
19.03 Advertising Fund Contribution

You agree to pay us a monthly Advertising Fund Contribution equal to 4.75% of the prior month’s
Gross Sales of each of the Restaurants franchised hereunder. Your Advertising Fund Contributions
will be expended as provided in Section 17.01 above.
19.04 Digital Technology Fees

You agree to pay to us or our affiliates (including PH Digico LLC) our then-current Digital Innovation
Fee (currently, $0.41 per transaction) for transactions conducted through a digital or other automated
channel we establish. In connection with the provision of such digital or automated channels to you,
you will execute a separate agreement with us or our affiliates (currently, the QuikOrder Online Order
Agreement attached hereto as Appendix L). We or our affiliates may increase the Digital Innovation
Fee in our or their reasonable discretion (i) consistent with the rate of inflation, or (ii) as may otherwise
be approved by the Technology Governance Committee. The “rate of inflation” is defined as the
percent increase in the “CPI” from the time of the last fee increase (“CPI” means the Consumer Price
Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) – All Items (1982-84 equals 100) for the United States
published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor).
19.05 Restaurant Technology Fee

You must pay to us or our affiliates a Restaurant Technology Fee (currently, $2,950 per year) for
each franchised Pizza Hut Restaurant franchised hereunder. We or our affiliates may increase the
Restaurant Technology Fee in our or their reasonable discretion (i) consistent with the rate of
inflation, or (ii) as may otherwise be approved by the Technology Governance Committee. In
connection with the provision of restaurant technology to you, you will execute any then-current
required restaurant technology agreement(s), as required by Section 11.01 above (currently, the
SUS Agreement attached hereto as Appendix K).
19.06 Transfer Fees

In connection with any assignment or other Transfer permitted under Section 18.04 above, you must
pay us a transfer fee in the amount of $2,500 plus an additional $250 for each Location embraced
by this Agreement (whether or not you were then operating a Restaurant at any such Location) or
such greater amount as may be necessary to reimburse us for our legal, accounting and other
expenses incurred in connection with your Transfer.
19.07 Extended Producer Responsibility Fees

If we or any of our affiliates are required to pay fees or expenses in connection with extended
producer responsibility (“EPR”) programs, whether imposed by applicable law, regulation, a producer
responsibility plan, or a producer responsibility or stewardship organization, you may be required to
reimburse us or our affiliate for all such fees and expenses attributable to your Restaurant, including
our or our affiliate’s reasonable costs and expenses incurred in complying with the EPR program on
your behalf.
19.08 Reporting and Payment

A.   You agree to submit to us (unless we deem it unnecessary if it may be otherwise obtained by
     us through an automated or electronic mechanism) a weekly report (on approximately the same
     day) reporting your Gross Sales (on a Restaurant-by-Restaurant basis) for the week (seven-day
                                                        47
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
