20.03 Financial Records and Audit

A.   Record Keeping. You agree to keep on the premises of each of your franchised Restaurants,
     or at the principal place of business of your franchised Business, and will preserve for at least
     five years after the date of their preparation (regardless of any intervening expiration or
     termination of this Agreement), true and accurate records, ledgers, accounts, books and data in
     the form that we prescribe in our Brand Standards or otherwise including all related supporting
     material. We may specify, in our Brand Standards or otherwise, the forms and media that you
     will be required to use in recording your franchised Business’ Gross Sales and expenditures.
     This obligation extends to all types and classes of electronic and/or other books, records and
     tax returns, stored or maintained in any media, relating to your franchised Business. All of your
     records must accurately reflect all details relating to the business transacted at your franchised
     Restaurant(s).
B.   Our Right to Audit. We and/or our agents or representatives (who may be outside accountants
     and auditors) may examine or audit all of your records, accounts and books at all reasonable
     times. We shall do so on the premises of your franchised Business or any other office at which
     your Business’s business records are maintained and in a fashion calculated not to disrupt your
     Business and Restaurant(s) operations. You will cooperate with any such examination or audit
     by gathering records, accounts and books for our easy access and by providing other assistance
     we may reasonably request. In addition to the foregoing, we may require you to scan and
     electronically transmit to us such volume of the above-referenced records, files and documents
     as will not unreasonably burden your franchised Business. If any such inspection or audit reveals
     that any financial statement you delivered to us is in error, you will immediately pay to us any
     deficiency found to be owing under this Agreement, plus a finance charge at the maximum rate
     permitted by law, accruing from the date that payment was first due. If the deficiency is 2% or
     more for any month within the period of examination, or for the entire period of examination,
     then in addition to paying the additional amounts due and interest calculated as provided above,
     you agree to immediately pay us the full cost of the audit for the entire period of examination
     within five business days after you receive a bill from us. If our examination or audit establishes
     a pattern of underreporting, we may require that the subsequent annual financial statements
     due under Section 20.01B) above be audited by an independent accounting firm consented to
     by us.
  21. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE; RESTRICTIONS ON
                              SALE OF LOCATION
21.01 Restriction on Use of Confidential Information

     A. You agree to use and permit the use of our Confidential Information solely in connection with
        the operation of your franchised Business and its Restaurant(s). You further agree that you
        will never - - during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, or at any time
        after this or any Renewal Agreement expires or terminates, or your rights under this
        Agreement or any Renewal Agreement are assigned or terminated - - divulge or use any of
        our Confidential Information for your benefit or for the benefit of your owners or any third party
        (including any person, business entity or enterprise of any type or nature), nor will you directly
        or indirectly aid any such third parties to imitate, duplicate or “reverse engineer” any of our
        Confidential Information. You must adopt and implement all reasonable procedures that we
        may prescribe from time to time to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of our
        Confidential Information, including restrictions on disclosure of the Confidential Information
        to your Restaurant personnel and others.



                                                        50
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
