2. “Gross Sales” means all revenues and income from any source that a franchisee directly or
indirectly derives or receives from, through, by or on account of the operation of its franchised
Business and its Restaurant(s), whether received in cash, in services, in kind, from barter and/or
exchange (valued at the full retail value of the goods or services received), by check or credit
(whether or not franchisee ultimately receives payment on check or credit transactions) or
otherwise. Gross Sales includes revenues and income a franchisee receives from the proceeds
of any business interruption insurance policies and/or the sale of any promotional or premium
items. A franchisee may deduct from Gross Sales, to the extent it was included in the calculation
of Gross Sales, credits and allowances that franchisee gives in good faith to customers. A
franchisee may also deduct from Gross Sales all sales taxes and similar taxes which are legally
charged to customers; the tax payments are sent to the appropriate tax authorities when due; and
the amount of all the taxes and the payments to which they relate are included in monthly reports.
3. The holistic funding strategy outlined in the Tech Framework Agreement (as defined herein),
which secured PHLLC, IPHFHA, AdCom and TechGov’s approval of the transactions
contemplated thereunder, affects certain terms of the SUS/FMS License and Support Agreement
and QuikOrder Amended and Restated Online Order Agreement, including the increase of the
Restaurant Technology Fee, the Digital Innovation Fee, and the Help Desk High-Use Fee.
4. We or our affiliates (including Digico or any successor entity) may increase the Digital
Innovation Fee and the Restaurant Technology Fee in our reasonable discretion (i) consistent
with the rate of inflation, or (ii) as may otherwise be approved by the Technology Governance
Committee. The “rate of inflation” is defined as the percent increase in the “CPI” from the time of
the last fee increase (“CPI” means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) –
All Items (1982-84 equals 100) for the United States published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics
of the U.S. Department of Labor).The Digital Innovation Fee was last increased on January 1,
2024.

5. For any proposed transfer, you agree to pay for our outside counsel fees and other expenses
incurred in connection with such proposed transfer of a System Restaurant, ownership interest in
you, or ownership interest in any of your affiliates. (Location Franchise Agreement, Section 18.11)
6. Your failure to have one or more approved Qualified Operators supervising your Restaurant on
a full-time basis after the death or disability of your last surviving owner will be a default of the
Franchise Agreement. Until you retain the required number of approved Qualified Operators, we
may (but are not required to) operate your Restaurant, but doing so will not be considered a waiver
of your default or any other default. If we do, we will deduct our reasonable expenses (including
those for travel, lodging, and meals) from the Restaurant's Gross Sales and pay ourselves the
Interim Operation Fee. The Interim Operation Fee is in addition to the Monthly Service Fee. We
will remit any remaining funds to you. You and any guarantor must pay us any deficiency in
amounts due under Location Franchise Agreement within 10 days after notice.
7. If we become a party to any proceeding brought by a third party arising out of your acts or
omissions or relating to your Restaurant(s), or if we become a party to any litigation or insolvency
proceeding involving you, then you must reimburse us for our reasonable attorneys' fees, experts'
fees, court costs, travel and lodging costs and all other expenses we incur. (Location Franchise
Agreement, Section 36.08)
8. In any litigation between us, the losing party must reimburse the prevailing party for its
attorneys' fees, experts' fees, court costs and all other expenses of litigation. (Location Franchise
Agreement, Section 36.07) You also must pay for our outside counsel fees and other expenses
incurred in connection with any amendment of the Location Franchise Agreement. (Location
Franchise Agreement, Section 30.02)

                                                 15
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
