                         failure is not excused, Customer may provide notice in writing to the general
                         manager of Pizza Hut.

          5.3.2 The general manager:
                (a)   informs all suitable level of Pizza Hut management on the receipt of the escalation
                      notice as it relates to the Digital Program at that time; and
                (b)   appoints a Pizza Hut person as the person not directly associated with the day-to-
                      day Customer account to manage the escalation process (referred to as the
                      escalation process manager).

          5.3.3 The escalation process manager immediately starts a resolution process with the help of
                the general manager initiating:
                (a)    the assignment of a dedicated team to review the performance of the Digital
                       Program in full and the cause or causes of the failures;
                (b)    a review of the service staffing and management; and
                (c)    a revisit of the solution provided based on the Uptime Commitment.

          5.3.4 The escalation process manager is to inform the Customer on the process and provide a
                project plan reflecting milestones, timelines, roles and responsibilities as well as support
                required from the Customer for the resolution process.

          5.3.5 The outcome of the resolution process is a resolution report summarizing:
                (a)   The identified root causes of the failures;
                (b)   An action plan to solve for these causes showing assigned action items and
                      timelines; and
                (c)   The Customer can give further consultative input to the report before finalization.

          5.3.6 The escalation process is closed with the confirmation of the receipt of the final resolution
                report by the Customer. Pizza Hut will include the action items in the daily executions of
                the business overlooked by the general manager.

   5.4 Pizza Hut will provide (within 4 weeks from receipt of the Escalation Notice) a written report detailing
       the cause or causes of the service level failures and a remedial action plan, clearly detailing how and
       when the issues will be rectified (the “Remedial Plan”). The Remedial Plan will be subject to
       Customer’s approval, and where Customer does not accept the Remedial Plan proposed, Pizza Hut
       will make such changes as are reasonably necessary to address Customer’s concerns and submit a
       revised Remedial Plan for Customer review and approval. Once the Remedial Plan has been
       approved by Customer, Pizza Hut will, at its own cost, implement the remedial actions in accordance
       with the terms and timetable set out in the Remedial Plan, and Pizza Hut will ensure that the affected
       service levels are met over 2 consecutive reporting periods before the Escalation Process is closed.


6. Definitions.

   6.1 “Force Majeure Event” means an extraordinary, unpredictable and overwhelming event that prevent
       the execution of the obligation or determines a partial, late or deficient fulfillment, as determined by
       Pizza Hut at its absolute and sole discretion;

   6.2 “Incident” means any event, default or failure which causes or is likely to cause an interruption to or
       reduction in the quality of availability of the Services to operate in substantial accordance with the
       requirement of this Agreement;

   6.3 “Measurement Period” means a calendar month during the Term save that the first Measurement
       Period of the Term will commence on the Effective Date of the Agreement and ends in that same
       calendar month, and the final Measurement Period of the Term will commence on the first day of the
       calendar month and will end on the expiry or termination of the Term.

   6.4 “Resolution” means the permanent resolution of an Incident by the removal of its root cause of the
       provision of suitable Workaround for such Incident;
