     at all times, the following categories of insurance coverage in forms and through insurance
     companies satisfactory to us. You understand and agree that your Lease may require other or
     greater insurance coverages than those stated in this Section. Such insurance coverage must
     extend to and embrace your franchised Business; the Restaurant(s) it operates; all activities
     conducted in, at or from your Franchised Business and its Restaurant(s); all facilities which may
     be situated upon your Business’s and Restaurant(s)’s premises; all vehicles operated by or on
     behalf of your franchised Business; and, all activities arising from or related to the construction,
     operation or occupancy of your Restaurant and any other assets of your franchised Business.
     Your required coverages, policy limits, limitations on deductibles and limitations on self-insured
     retentions are prescribed by us in our Brand Standards, are subject to change (as provided
     below) and include:
        1. Commercial General Liability Insurance. Providing General Third Party Liability
            coverage (including premises and operations liability, products and completed operations
            liability, personal and advertising injury liability, independent contractors liability, alcoholic
            beverage liability (dram shop) and broad contractual liability), with limits provided of at
            least/not less than the following amounts set forth below:
                 a. USD $3,000,000 for bodily injury and property damage; and
                 b. USD $6,000,000 for a general policy aggregate.
            Such insurance may be satisfied by a combination of primary insurance and commercial
            excess or commercial umbrella insurance and shall insure against any and all claims for
            third-party bodily injury, including resulting death, as well as damage to or destruction of
            any kind of third party property arising from your operations, products, or other business
            activity whether such operations are performed or products are sold by you, your agents,
            or by anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them.
         2. Business Automobile Liability Insurance. Coverage must be provided for ownership,
            maintenance, and operations of any automobile or automotive equipment, owned, hired,
            and / or non-owned by you with a combined single limit for bodily injury and property
            damage, inclusive of Umbrella/Excess Liability coverage if necessary, of not less than the
            equivalent of USD $5,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence and not subject to a
            policy aggregate. Such insurance shall insure you and your agents and Subcontractors, if
            applicable, against any and all claims for bodily injury, including death resulting therefrom,
            and damage to the property of others caused by accident and arising from your Franchised
            Business and its Restaurants’ operations under this Agreement, whether such operations
            are performed by you, your agents, or by any one directly or indirectly employed by any of
            them.
         3. Property Insurance. Coverage on an all-risk basis including flood coverage up to the
            limits available in the National Flood Insurance Program insuring your Restaurant(s) and
            its/their respective contents (whether such Restaurant(s) is/are completed or under
            construction) for the full replacement value of the Restaurant(s). In the event of damage
            to or destruction of your Restaurant(s) covered by such property insurance, the proceeds
            of the insurance will be used to restore your damaged or destroyed Restaurant(s) to
            its/their original condition within 120 days, unless restoration is prohibited by the
            appropriate lease or applicable law, or unless we otherwise consent in writing and further
            subject to any contractual requirements related to financing in connection with the affected
            Restaurant.
         4. Business Interruption Insurance. Coverage in sufficient amounts to cover your
            Restaurant’s lease or rental expenses, maintenance of competent personnel and other
            fixed expenses for a minimum of 12 months.

                                                        30
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
