    B. Your System Restaurant Concepts. The System Restaurant Concept(s) you are authorized
       to operate and the Location(s) thereof are identified in Appendix B to this Agreement. You
       must offer delivery via any method, platform, or system as we may require in accordance with
       all relevant Brand Standards at each such System Restaurant Concept you operate.

                                           2. GRANT OF FRANCHISE
2.01     Grant of Franchise
    A. Limited Grant.

         1. We grant you, and you accept, the right to use the Pizza Hut Marks and the System during
            the Term in connection with establishing and operating a Pizza Hut Business which owns
            and operates one or more Pizza Hut Restaurants whose premises location(s)
            (“Location(s)”), the type(s) of System Restaurant Concept(s) authorized thereat and
            its/their required opening dates are identified in Appendix B.
         2. You may not sub-franchise or otherwise grant to any other Person any interest in this
            Agreement or the franchise granted hereby, except as otherwise provided in this
            Agreement.
         3. You understand that any Pizza Hut Restaurant we divest or otherwise sell to you, or is
            developed by you pursuant to a development agreement, even in the event of relocation
            (also known as an “offset”) of such a restaurant, constitutes a Pizza Hut Restaurant we
            have sold to you in connection with this Agreement.
         4. Except as otherwise specifically permitted by this Agreement, you may not conduct any
            business using any element of the Pizza Hut System at any location other than the
            Location(s) identified in Appendix B.
         5. You understand that nothing in this Agreement is intended to guarantee you the right to
            operate more than one Pizza Hut Restaurant, and the grant of the right to operate a
            second or subsequent Pizza Hut Restaurant under this Agreement is subject to our prior
            written approval and must be reflected on an updated Appendix B.
    B. Changes to the Pizza Hut Marks and System. You agree to use the Pizza Hut Marks and
       System as we may change, improve, modify or further develop them from time to time as
       provided in this Agreement, and to operate your Business and its Restaurant(s) in
       accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, any related agreements and
       the Brand Standards.

                                             3. PROTECTED RADIUS
3.01     Protected Radius

    A. Subject to your (i) compliance with all Brand Standards, (ii) your fulfilling delivery orders to
       National, Regional and Institutional Accounts (as required by Section 3.04 below) and (iii)
       your providing Adequate Delivery Service (as required by Article 10 below), during the Term
       we will not develop or operate, or allow any other franchisee or licensee to develop or operate,
       any System Restaurant(s) of the type of System Restaurant Concept(s) franchised hereunder
       at the Location(s) or at any point within 500 yards of the Location(s) (the “Protected
       Radius”).

    B. This restriction applies only to our owning, franchising or licensing the type of System
       Restaurant Concept you are operating at the Location(s) at issue and we are free to own,
                                                        2
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
