23.09 Non-Termination Remedies

If you default under Section 23.02, or do not timely cure a default under Section 23.03, we may, in
our sole discretion, and in lieu of terminating this Agreement, refuse to allow you to relocate any
existing System Restaurants or to develop any additional System Restaurants, require you to
participate in a remediation or business improvement plan, or to access and use any online ordering
or delivery system, or otherwise exercise a remedy lesser than termination of this Agreement. We
will give you written notice if we elect this option. Any action taken by us in accordance with the
foregoing will be in addition to any other right or remedy we may have, including a civil action for
legal or equitable relief.
23.10 Exercise of Remedies

For the avoidance of doubt, we may, in our discretion, exercise the remedies set forth in this Article
23 as to one or more, but fewer than all, of the System Restaurants. If your rights to operate one or
more, but fewer than all, System Restaurants are terminated, the post-termination provisions in
Section 24.01 will apply only to the affected System Restaurants.

        24. FURTHER OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS FOLLOWING THE TERMINATION OR
                          EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT
24.01 Further Obligations and Rights Following the Termination or Expiration of this
Agreement

    A. If this Agreement expires or terminates for any reason or is Transferred by you, you will cease
       to be one of our authorized franchisees and you will lose all rights to the use of our Pizza Hut
       Marks, the System, the Brand Standards and all Confidential Information and know-how
       owned by us and any goodwill (including “local” goodwill) engendered by the use of our Pizza
       Hut Marks and/or attributed to your conduct of the franchised Business.

    B. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, you agree to:
         1. Immediately pay all royalties, fees, any sublease payments (if applicable), and any other
            sums due and owing to us or our affiliates (excluding an affiliate which administers a
            separate franchise network) pursuant to this Agreement, plus interest, and all sums due
            and owing to any landlord, suppliers, employees, taxing authorities, advertising agencies,
            lenders and all other third parties.
         2. Discontinue the use of the Pizza Hut Marks (including de-identifying owned or leased
            restaurant premises as articulated herein) and not operate or do business under any
            name or in any manner which might tend to give the general public the impression that
            you are operating a Business, a Restaurant or any similar business. You may not use, in
            any manner or for any purpose, directly or indirectly, any of our Confidential Information,
            trade secrets, procedures, forms, techniques, know-how or materials acquired by you by
            virtue of the relationship established by this Agreement. You may never identify yourself
            to the public in any fashion whatsoever as a current or former Pizza Hut franchisee.
         3. Take all necessary action to cancel any assumed name, fictitious name or equivalent
            registration which contains the Pizza Hut Mark “Pizza Hut”, or any other Pizza Hut Mark
            of ours, or any variant, and furnish us with satisfactory evidence of compliance within
            five (5) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement. If you fail or refuse to do
            so, we may, in your name, on your behalf and at your expense, execute all documents
            necessary to cause discontinuance of your use of the name “Pizza Hut”, or any related


                                                        61
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
