             and/or Qualified Operator(s) at his, her or its principal place of business or residence and,
             if we do so, you will reimburse us for all travel, lodging, meals and personal expenses
             related to such meeting.
         3. That the proposed transferee has the organizational, managerial and financial structure
            and resources required to conduct the franchised Business properly, taking into account
            such factors (among others) as the number of Restaurants and market areas involved
            and their geographic proximity.
         4. That the proposed transferee complies with our ownership requirements relative to the
            control of the proposed transferee and the franchised Business.
         5. That the proposed transferee have those financial resources and capital to operate the
            franchised Business in accordance with such standards and the satisfaction of such
            conditions as we indicate from time to time.
         6. That the proposed transferee; his, her or its proposed Qualified Operators, who must
            comply with our then-current requirements for Qualified Operators; and, such other post-
            transaction employees of the franchised Business as we designate attend and
            successfully complete our Initial Training Program before the Transfer, and any other
            training that we reasonably require, at the transferee’s expense (which will include our
            then-current training fee and the cost of the trainees’ transportation, lodging, food and
            other living expenses). Each individual undergoing such training must first execute the
            Confidentiality Agreement substantially in the form of Appendix I-2. We may waive these
            requirements if the proposed transferee is one of our existing franchisees in Good
            Standing.
         7. That, if required, the lessor or sublessor of your Restaurant Location consents in writing
            to the Transfer to the proposed transferee.
         8. That, as of the date of the Transfer, you have cured any existing defaults under any
            provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with us or our
            affiliates; have fully satisfied, in all respects, all of your accrued and/or then-current
            monetary and other obligations to us and our affiliates, excluding an affiliate which
            administers a separate franchise network, (under this Agreement or otherwise), all
            sources of financing of your franchised Business and all material sources of supply of
            your franchised Business; and are in full compliance with your obligations under this
            Agreement (including your obligations to satisfy all Restaurant maintenance and asset
            upgrade requirements in connection with this Agreement and/or our Brand Standards).
         9. That the transferee execute a new Franchise Agreement with us on our then-current form,
            and all other agreements with us, our affiliates or our designees required of new
            franchisees, in the form and on the terms and conditions we then offer to new franchisees,
            which terms and conditions may vary significantly from this Agreement. The transferee
            will not be obligated to pay another Initial Franchise Fee under the new Agreement but
            will be required to pay our then-current fees for furnishing our Initial Training Program
            and any other services we are required to furnish under the new Agreement. The term of
            the new Franchise Agreement will be the balance of the Term of this Agreement. The
            obligations and timetables set forth in this Agreement governing your duties to Rebuild,
            Relocate, Major Remodel or Minor Remodel your Restaurant(s) to conform with our then-
            current Brand Standards and the specifications set forth therein for the applicable System
            Restaurant Concept(s) in the United States shall carried forward to and incorporated in
            any new Franchise Agreement and shall be binding on the Transferee.
            Contemporaneously with the execution of the new Franchise Agreement, you will execute
            a termination agreement and general release (on our then-current form and further
                                                        40
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
