         electronically or in writing, and shall have no right to use the remaining inventory or
         previously-ordered supply. All such designated sources and specifications are subject to
         addition, modification, revocation and/or deletion by us from time to time, in accordance with
         this Agreement, upon notice to you.
9.05     Systemwide Supply Contracts

    A. We may, in the exercise of our business judgment, enter into Systemwide Supply Contracts.
       We may enter in such Systemwide Supply Contracts with one or more vendors for programs,
       products, supplies, equipment, materials and services that all company-owned and
       franchised Pizza Hut Restaurants in the United States, or company-owned and franchised
       Pizza Hut Restaurants in a designated geographic area, will be required to purchase, use
       and/or sell. If we do so, then immediately upon notification, your, our and all other Pizza Hut
       Restaurants (or, as applicable, those in the designated geographic area) must purchase the
       specified program, product, supply, equipment, material or service only from the designated
       supplier. However, if at the time of our notification you are already a party to a non-terminable
       supply contract with another vendor or supplier for the item in question, then your obligation
       to purchase from our designated supplier under the Systemwide Supply Contract will not
       begin until the scheduled expiration (or earlier termination) of your pre-existing supply
       contract.

    B. We make no representation that we will enter into any Systemwide Supply Contracts or other
       exclusive supply arrangements or, if we do so, that you would not otherwise be able to
       purchase the same programs, products and/or services at a lower price from another
       supplier. We may add to, modify, substitute or discontinue Systemwide Supply Contracts or
       exclusive supply arrangements in the exercise of our business judgment.
9.06     Operational Equipment and Supplies

You must purchase, utilize, maintain, retire and replace any and all approved equipment and supplies
as and when we require in our Brand Standards.

                    10. ADEQUATE DELIVERY SERVICE; YOUR DELIVERY AREA
10.01 Adequate Delivery Service

It is of the essence to this Agreement that you provide Adequate Delivery Service to the entire
Delivery Area throughout the Term in strict compliance with all Brand Standards governing such
activity (including speed metrics governing delivery time; requirements to maintain product
temperature; customer service metrics; the maintenance of organizational capabilities through your
engagement and maintenance of qualified operators and key organizational leaders; and, utilizing
such equipment, supplies and technology as the Brand Standards specify to achieve such goals).
10.02 Your Delivery Area

We will determine the Delivery Area for each individual Pizza Hut Restaurant listed in Appendix B
and identify it in Appendix B hereto prior to your execution of this Agreement. In doing so, we will
take into account criteria including potential sales volume, market demographics, saturation analysis,
diversion of sales from your and other franchisees’ System Restaurants and geographic
characteristics of the Delivery Area. We reserve the right to periodically reasonably modify your
Delivery Area in response to changed demographics, population shifts, business or residential
development or similar metrics to further your ability to provide Adequate Delivery Service in
accordance with the Brand Standards, such modifications to become effective upon our written
notice to you. In addition, we may, at our sole discretion, temporarily expand your Delivery Area,
                                                        17
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
