“Minor Remodel” means a minor renovation of an existing System Restaurant completed in
accordance with our then-current published specifications for System Restaurants of that System
Restaurant Concept.
“Nontraditional locations” means locations or venues (sometimes referred as “Pizza Hut Express”
locations) at which access to the general public is restricted and include, without limitation, sports
arenas and venues; theatres; resorts; food retailers (including supermarkets, grocery stores and
convenience stores); malls and mall food courts; schools and universities; hospitals and healthcare
facilities; airports; guest lodging facilities; government facilities; condominium and cooperative
complexes; the premises of any third party retailer which is not a restaurant (including shops, stores
and department stores); military bases and installations; and airlines, railroads and other modes of
mass transportation.
“Notification Date” means the date on which we must notify you whether or not we are exercising
our option to acquire any or all assets of your Restaurant(s) from you under Section 25.01.
“Ownership Interest” means all forms of legal or beneficial ownership or Control of Persons or
property, including stock, partnership, membership, joint tenancy, leasehold, proprietorship, trust,
beneficiary, proxy, power-of-attorney, option, warrant, voting power, and any other interest that
evidences ownership or Control, whether Direct or Indirect (unless otherwise specified).
“PCI” means Payment Card Industry.
“Person” means both natural persons and legal entities (including corporations, partnerships, limited
liability companies and trusts).
“Personal Information” means information that can be used (alone or when used in combination
with other information within your control) to identify, locate or contact an individual or pertains in any
way to an identified or identifiable individual.
“Pizza Hut Marks” means only those trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress (including
product package designs), symbols, slogans, emblems, logos, insignia, designs, external and
internal building designs and other architectural features, trade dress and copyrighted materials, and
any combination of the foregoing, that you are authorized to use in connection with your operation
of your franchised Pizza Hut Restaurant(s). Appendix C to this Agreement sets forth a list of the
principal Pizza Hut Marks that consist of words or a combination of words and design that you are
authorized to use as of the date of this Agreement. As provided in Section 16.05 of this Agreement,
we may from time to time add to, withdraw, or modify the Pizza Hut Marks.
“POS” means point-of-sale.
“Privacy Laws” means international, national, federal, provincial, state, or local laws, codes or
regulations that regulate the processing of Personal Information in any way, including, but not limited
to, national and state data protection laws, laws regulating marketing communications and/or
electronic communications, information security regulations and security breach notification rules.
“Protected Radius” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 3.01.
“Purchasing Coop” means the Pizza Hut National Purchasing Coop, Inc. or its successor(s).
“Qualified Operator” means the individuals(s) that actively manage and participate in the day-to-
day operation and ownership of your Business.
“Rate of inflation” (whether or not capitalized) means the percent increase in the “CPI” from the
time of the last fee increase.
“RBD” means a Restaurant-Based Delivery Restaurant from which Pizza Hut pizza (and other
Approved Products) are sold for dine-in and carryout consumption and may be delivered for off-
premises consumption.
                                                        5
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
