the general software functional capabilities of the Unit SUS/FMS Software and the Support SUS/FMS
Software. The guides and manuals referenced in Addendum A, Functional Specifications, are part
of the SUS/FMS Software.

        6.      Approved Equipment. The equipment configurations utilized to operate PHOS as
specified in the Technology Brand Standards.

        7.     Technical Specifications. The Approved Equipment and any additional software,
other than the SUS/FMS Software, which is required for operation of PHOS (e.g., Linux), as specified
in the Technology Brand Standards.

       8.    Site Environmental Specifications. The site environmental specifications set forth
by the manufacturer of the Approved Equipment, except as otherwise specified in the Technology
Brand Standards.

         9.       Trade Secrets. The information and materials set forth in Section I.

        10.   Franchisee User Group. The group of PHLLC franchisees in good standing with
PHLLC, including but not limited to, complete compliance with all the terms of this Agreement and
using the PHOS in at least fifty-one percent (51%) of its Pizza Hut Unit(s).

        11. IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee. A group of not less than
four (4) members of the Franchisee User Group will be appointed by the board of International Pizza
Hut Franchise Holders Association, Inc. (“IPHFHA”) to the Technology Governance Committee
(such members, the “IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee”). Except for the
foregoing, the specific manner in which the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee
is appointed, their terms, successive terms, and removal, and all other considerations relating to
membership in the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee will be determined in the
sole discretion of the IPHFHA board. If the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee’s
make-up ever falls outside the above parameters, the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance
Committee will have three (3) months to again be in compliance with the above parameters and
during such cure period the IPHFHA board will temporarily take over the role of the IPHFHA-
Appointed Technology Governance Committee. For avoidance of doubt, the PHLLC members of
the Technology Governance Committee are appointed by PHLLC and its affiliates in their sole
discretion.

        12.    Technology Brand Standards. Specific guidelines and/or technical specifications
that are critical to ensure adoption, implementation, and maintenance of information security
practices that protect the Pizza Hut Brand image, proprietary competitive data, and customer
information, among other things.

B.     LICENSE FOR SUS/FMS SOFTWARE. PHCLLC grants to Franchisee and Franchisee
accepts a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to possess and use the SUS/FMS
Software only in object code format, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

       1.      Except with the prior, express written consent of PHCLLC, which consent may be
granted or withheld in PHCLLC’s sole discretion, Franchisee may use the SUS/FMS Software only
on Approved Equipment and only in support of its Pizza Hut Business.



                                                        2
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
