    perform all the obligations of Franchisee under the Agreement as so amended, compromised,
    released or altered; (b) any guarantor of or party to the Franchise Agreement may be released,
    substituted or added; (c) any disposition of interest in Franchisee will not release the liability of
    the undersigned under this Guaranty unless a written release signed by Franchisor to that effect
    is obtained; (d) any right or remedy under the Franchise Agreement, this Guaranty or any other
    instrument or agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee may be exercised, not exercised,
    impaired, modified, limited, destroyed or suspended; and, (e) Franchisor or any other person
    may deal in any manner with Franchisee, any of the undersigned, any party to the Franchise
    Agreement or any other person, all without affecting the obligations of guarantor(s) hereunder.

8. Should Franchisee be in breach or default under the Franchise Agreement or any other
   agreement(s) by and between Franchisee and Franchisor, Franchisor may proceed directly
   against any one or more of the undersigned without first proceeding against Franchisee and
   without proceeding against or naming in any suit any other Franchisee, signatory to the Franchise
   Agreement or any others of the undersigned. The undersigned acknowledge and agree that this
   Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not collection. The undersigned agree to bear any and
   all Franchisor’s costs of collection hereunder, including all court costs and expenses, attorneys’
   and experts’ fees, costs of or resulting from delays; travel, food, lodging and other living expenses
   necessitated by the need or desire to appear before courts or tribunals (including arbitration
   tribunals), and all other costs of collection.

9. Notice to or demand upon Franchisee or any of the undersigned shall be deemed notice to or
   demand upon Franchisee and all of the undersigned, and no notice or demand need be made to
   or upon any or all of the undersigned.

10. The release from liability of Franchisee or any of the undersigned shall not relieve any other
    guarantors from liability hereunder, under the Franchise Agreement, or under any other
    agreement(s) between Franchisor and Franchisee, except to the extent that the breach or default
    has been remedied or moneys owed have been paid.

11. Any waiver, extension of time or other indulgence granted by Franchisor or its agents, successors
    or assigns, with respect to the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement(s) by and between
    Franchisee and Franchisor, shall in no way modify or amend this Guaranty, which shall be
    continuing, absolute, unconditional and irrevocable.

12. It is understood and agreed by the undersigned that the provisions, covenants and conditions of
    this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of the Franchisor, its successors and assigns. This
    Guaranty may be assigned by Franchisor voluntarily or by operation of law without reducing or
    modifying the liability of the undersigned hereunder.

13. This Guaranty is to be exclusively construed in accordance with and/or governed by the law of
    the State of Texas without recourse to Texas (or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law
    principles. If, however, any provision of this Guaranty would not be enforceable under the laws
    of Texas, and if the business franchised under the Franchise Agreement is located outside of
    Texas and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which the franchised
    business is located, then the provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted and construed
    under the laws of that state. Nothing in this Guaranty is intended to invoke the application of any
    franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, “implied covenant”, unfair competition, fiduciary or any
    other doctrine of law of the State of Texas or any other state, which would not otherwise apply.

14. Any litigation arising out of or related to this Guaranty will be instituted exclusively in any state or
    federal court of competent jurisdiction in Collin County, Texas. Any such action or proceeding
                                                        2
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
