                              Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC and Subsidiary
                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                              December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024
                                  (all tabular amounts in thousands)

   Continuing fees represent the substantial majority of the consideration we receive under our franchise
   agreements. Continuing fees are typically billed and paid monthly and are usually 4% - 6% for store-
   level franchise agreements. Upfront franchise fees are typically billed and paid when a new franchise
   agreement becomes effective or when an existing agreement is transferred to another franchisee. The
   Company has determined that the services we provide in exchange for upfront franchise fees, which
   primarily relate to pre-opening support, are highly interrelated with the franchise right and are not
   individually distinct from the ongoing services we provide to our franchisees. As a result, upfront
   franchise fees are recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise agreement.
   Revenues for these upfront franchise fees are recognized on a straight-line basis, which is consistent
   with the franchisee’s right to use and benefit from the intellectual property.

   Franchise Contributions for Advertising and Other Services

   Advertising Cooperatives

   We have determined we act as a principal in the transactions entered into by AdCom based on our
   responsibility to define the nature of the goods or services provided and/or our commitment to pay for
   advertising services in advance of the related franchisee contributions. Additionally, we have
   determined the advertising services provided to franchisees are highly interrelated with the franchise
   right and therefore not distinct. Franchisees remit to AdCom a percentage of restaurant sales as
   consideration for providing the advertising services. As a result, revenues for advertising services are
   recognized when the related franchise restaurant sales occur based on the application of the sales-
   based royalty exception within Topic 606. Revenues for these services are typically billed and received
   on a monthly basis.

   Other Goods or Services

   On a much more limited basis, we provide goods or services to certain franchisees that are individually
   distinct from the franchise right because they do not require integration with other goods or services we
   provide. Such arrangements typically relate to technology, supply chain and quality assurance
   services. The extent to which we provide such goods or services varies by geographic region and, in
   some instances, franchisee. In instances where we rely on third parties to provide goods or services to
   franchisees at our direction, we have determined we act as a principal in these transactions and
   recognize related revenues as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee.

(k) Franchise Support Costs
   Certain direct costs of our franchise operations are charged to Franchise and license expenses. These
   costs include provisions for estimated uncollectible upfront and continuing fees, marketing funding on
   behalf of franchisees, amortization expense for franchise-related intangible assets and certain other
   direct incremental franchise support costs.

   The costs we incur to provide support services to our franchisees for which we do not receive a
   reimbursement are charged to General and administrative expenses (“G&A”) as incurred. Expenses
   related to the provisioning of goods or services for which we receive reimbursement for all or
   substantially all of the expense amount from a franchisee are recorded in Franchise advertising and
   other services expense (the associated revenue is recorded within Franchise contributions for
   advertising and other services as described above). The majority of these expenses relate to
   advertising and are incurred on behalf of franchisees by AdCom.

   We incur advertising expense as a result of our obligation to spend franchisee contributions to AdCom
   (see above for our accounting for these contributions) and are recorded within Franchise advertising

                                                 11
