      for claims or Losses related to (i) any Customer Data or Personal Data or other information furnished by
      Customer, (ii) any use of the Services in combination with any items or services, including data, equipment
      or software, not provided by Pizza Hut, or (iii) any modification or customization of the Services not made
      or authorized in writing by Pizza Hut. If a third party asserts, or in Pizza Hut’s opinion is likely to assert, a
      claim that any Services or the use or receipt thereof infringes, misappropriate or otherwise violates any
      intellectual property right or other proprietary right of a third party, then Pizza Hut has the right to terminate
      all use of the allegedly infringing any Services connected therewith, but if the termination of the use of the
      allegedly infringing Services connected therewith would cause a Severity 1 Incident (as defined in Exhibit
      A), Pizza Hut will source an alternative solution of comparable functionality at its own cost; provided, that
      Customer continues to pay any and all fees in accordance with this Agreement and without prejudice to
      Pizza Hut’s rights under Section 4 of this Agreement.

 13.2. Customer will defend, indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse Pizza Hut, its Affiliates, and each of their
       respective officers, agents, employees, and representatives (the “Pizza Hut Indemnitees”), from and
       against any and all Losses that may be imposed on, sustained, incurred or suffered by the Pizza Hut
       Indemnitees directly related to claims by third parties arising from any of the following: (a) any bodily injury
       or property damage sustained or purported to have been sustained by any person or thing to the extent
       arising from the acts or omissions of Customer or its agents, except to the extent caused by Pizza Hut’s
       gross negligence or willful misconduct; (b) any breach or default of Customer’s confidentiality obligations
       under this Agreement; (c) Customer’s failure to comply with applicable laws in the receipt or use of the
       Services or with respect to Personal Data provided by Customer; or (d) any allegation or claim that Pizza
       Hut’s or its agents’ permitted use of Customer Data as contemplated in this Agreement infringes,
       misappropriates or otherwise violates a patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property or
       proprietary right of a third party. For purposes of clause (c), Losses will include damages, fines, penalties,
       sanctions, interest or other monetary remedies incurred as a result of a failure to comply with applicable
       laws, including damages, fines, penalties, interest or other monetary remedies awarded to claimants other
       than governmental authorities by a court or in final settlement of a claim for failure to comply with
       applicable laws.

 13.3. In the event of a claim for which an indemnitee is seeking indemnification from the indemnitor under
       Section 13.1 or Section 13.2 (as applicable), the indemnitee will timely notify indemnitor of such claim
       (provided that any failure to provide such timely notice will only relieve indemnitor of its obligations to the
       extent its ability to defend such claim is materially prejudiced by such failure), give indemnitor the right to
       control and direct the defense (at indemnitor's sole expense) and any settlement of any such claim, and
       give reasonable cooperation to indemnitor for the defense of same. Notwithstanding anything to the
       contrary above, indemnitor may not enter into any settlement or other disposition of a liability that impacts
       indemnitee without indemnitee’s prior written approval. Nothing in this Section 13.3 prevents any
       indemnitee from obtaining separate counsel at its sole expense.

 13.4. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that Pizza Hut may, without limitation and at its absolute and
       sole discretion, apply any amount or credit owed by Pizza Hut to the Customer, pursuant to this
       Agreement or any other agreement between the parties, towards the satisfaction of any outstanding
       amount due from the Customer to Pizza Hut pursuant to this Agreement, and/or any other agreement
       between the parties. Pizza Hut reserves the right to apply payments from the Customer in any manner
       and to any indebtedness owed to Pizza Hut, as Pizza Hut may determine at its absolute and sole
       discretion.

14. Remedies. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the rights and remedies provided under this
    Agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law.

15. Miscellaneous.

   15.1. General. This Agreement is intended for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties and is not intended
         to benefit any third party. Only the parties to this Agreement may enforce it. The parties are independent
         contractors, and no branch or agency, partnership, association, joint venture, or employee-employer is
         intended or created by this Agreement. Headings in this Agreement are for the convenience of the
         parties only. Accordingly, they will not constitute a part of this Agreement when interpreting or enforcing
         this Agreement.
