discussions with the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee to explain the updated
pricing structure.

       2.     Approved Equipment Service. Service Provider personnel will service and maintain
Approved Equipment at the Pizza Hut Unit or Franchisee office location when contacted by PHCLLC
Help Desk personnel. PHCLLC Help Desk personnel will contact the Service Provider once it is
determined that on-site support is required to resolve the problem. Service levels are subject to
contract renewals.

Service Provider: Third-party vendor contracted by PHCLLC. Required for each SUS/FMS, unless
Franchisee has obtained written permission from PHCLLC to provide self maintenance of hardware.
A requirement to obtaining this written permission will be that Franchisee schedule and receive the
necessary training from PHCLLC to execute said support and signed a self maintenance agreement
with the hardware provider.

The specifics in this Section are targets only, not guarantees, and are subject to changes PHCLLC
negotiates with the Service Provider for company operated Pizza Hut restaurants. The level of
service, however, will be the same as that provided to company operated Pizza Hut restaurants
which are similar to Franchisee’s Pizza Hut Units.

D.       BASE SUPPORT SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE.

        1.       Base Support. PHCLLC will provide a base level of support to maintain the existing
application and to develop enhancements to keep the PHOS application current with the demands
of the PHCLLC and franchise community Pizza Hut restaurant business. PHCLLC generally, but not
always, plans upgrades to the SUS/FMS Software (a new SUS/FMS Software release) every six (6)
to nine (9) months. Supported sites must keep current or no support will be provided. Software must
be accepted within thirty (30) days of release. Release is contingent upon successful
testing/certification in both company and franchise units.

               a.      Application Maintenance. PHCLLC will attempt to resolve problems in the
SUS/FMS Software that make PHOS inoperable or impede the Pizza Hut Unit’s ability to take orders,
price orders, dispatch orders, or cash out orders on a priority basis. The priority for resolving such
problems will be the same as for company units. Once the SUS/FMS Software problems are
resolved, the resolution will be tested in both company and some franchise PIZZA HUT restaurants
and then downloaded to all affected Franchisee Pizza Hut Units.

As for SUS/FMS Software problems that cause inconveniences to the Pizza Hut Unit(s) but do not
impede the mainstream operation, PHCLLC will attempt to resolve such problems and download the
resolution within PHCLLC’s next scheduled SUS/FMS Software release.

               b.     PHCLLC Application Enhancements. PHCLLC will provide Franchisee with
the current SUS/FMS Software application enhancements as defined by PHCLLC for company units.
These enhancements will be developed per PHCLLC specifications, tested in company units and
franchise units, downloaded to company units and franchise units in a packaged release, and then
downloaded to the Pizza Hut Unit(s).

Service Provider: PHCLLC. Required for each PHOS.

        2.     Franchise Application Enhancements. PHCLLC will provide Franchisee with two
options to have franchisee-specific SUS/FMS Software functionality developed and included within
either the Base Franchisee Release or the “Revised Franchisee Release” (as defined in subpart “b”
                                                        20
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
