below). These franchisee-specific enhancements will be related, natural developments from the
currently existing SUS/FMS Software but otherwise will be defined and prioritized by the Technology
Governance Committee, and PHCLLC will allocate personnel of the same skill level for such
franchisee-specific enhancements as used for PHCLLC enhancements; provided, however,
PHCLLC may use outside contractors as it deems appropriate rather than “in-house” personnel.

                a.    If PHCLLC in its sole discretion determines the requested enhancements fit
within the current PHCLLC plans for PHOS and determines it can develop, test, and implement the
enhancements within the time frame specified by the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance
Committee, then the enhancements will be developed at no charge to the IPHFHA-Appointed
Technology Governance Committee or Franchisee.

                 b.     If PHCLLC in its sole discretion determines the requested enhancements do
not fit within the current PHCLLC plans for PHOS and/or determines it cannot develop, test, and
implement the enhancements within the time frame specified by the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology
Governance Committee, then PHLLC will attempt to develop the enhancements at cost with the cost
to be paid by the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee. PHLLC has the right to
either develop the enhancements using their own personnel or to contract the work with PHCLLC
selected vendors. PHCLLC will provide a fixed bid for the development, testing, and implementation
of the enhancements and upon acceptance by the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance
Committee, will manage the development process per agreed upon specifications.

Service Provider: PHCLLC or third-party vendor contracted by PHCLLC. Cost per contractual bid.

E.       TRAINING.

       1.      New Owner. Training for non-prior SUS organizations will be provided on site.
Franchisee will incur travel costs for PHCLLC personnel.

        2.     On-Site Training. Group Training will be conducted in one unit and will last no longer
than three (3) days. Training will be provided at times mutually agreeable.

Service Provider: PHCLLC or Franchisee. Optional at Franchisee’s discretion for each PHOS.

         3.      For any Franchisee who receives written permission from PHCLLC to provide their
own 1st and 2nd level software support and self-maintenance of hardware, the Franchisee must
receive the necessary training from PHCLLC to execute said support. PHCLLC agrees to provide
the necessary training and documentation at one of the PHCLLC and/or its affiliate corporate
facilities. This training will be modeled after the PHCLLC 1st and 2nd Level Restaurant help desks
and will meet the requirements necessary for employment on those help desks. This training will last
no more than 5 days with a maximum of 5 people per session. The Franchisee agrees to pay all
travel and lodging expenses as well as the cost to PHCLLC for said training not to exceed $1,500
per week. Follow up training will be provided at the Franchisee’s request at the same rate.

F.      GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MEETINGS. PHCLLC will facilitate periodic, but not less than
semiannual, Technology Governance Committee meetings to communicate to the IPHFHA-
Appointed Technology Governance Committee current SUS/FMS Software enhancements and to
provide the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee with the opportunity to present
a slate of enhancements. The process for incorporating application enhancements is defined in the
SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE section above.



                                                        21
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
