rights which are assigned to us hereunder. The sole consideration for your assignment to us of all of
the foregoing rights shall be our grant of the franchise conferred upon you by this Agreement.
13.07 Adequate Reserves and Working Capital

You must at all times maintain adequate reserves and working capital sufficient for you to fulfill all
your obligations under this Agreement and to cover the risks and contingencies of the franchised
Business for at least three months. These reserves may be in the form of cash deposits or lines of
credit.
13.08 Product Records, Product Recalls and Withdrawals

    A. You agree to maintain, for at least six (6) years, complete and accurate records of all products
       sold by you in sufficient detail to enable us to conduct an effective recall of products if there
       is a recall of any of the products by us or any supplier, distributor, source or government
       entity.

    B. You agree to cooperate with and assist us in effecting any such recall (or any product
       withdrawal, as we may dictate), including promptly contacting any customers that we
       reasonably desire you to contact and promptly communicating to those customers the
       information or instructions we ask you to transmit relating to the recall or withdrawal. We or
       the subject supplier, distributor or source will pay, or reimburse you, for the reasonable costs
       of effecting the recall or withdrawal, including any shipping costs related to returning recalled
       products to us (or such others) and replacing the recalled or withdrawn products with new
       products at our (or such others’) expense. You will be responsible for paying all costs and
       expenses incurred by us or you in connection with recalls or withdrawals resulting from or
       related to your acts, errors or omissions, provided, however you will not give up any of your
       rights for subrogation or indemnification against any responsible supplier, distributor or
       source.
13.09 Credit Cards and Other Modes of Payment

    A. You agree to become and remain a merchant for any credit cards and/or debit cards, and
       any credit and/or debit card processor(s), which we may specify in our Brand Standards or
       otherwise. Further, you agree to maintain the creditworthiness required by each of these
       credit card or debit card issuers; to honor these cards for credit purposes; and, to abide by
       all related regulations and procedures that we and/or the credit card and/or debit card issuer
       prescribes.

    B. In addition, you agree that, at your sole expense, you shall at our direction and by the time
       we specify purchase, install and utilize such equipment, facilities and personnel necessary to
       enable now or hereafter developed alternative modes of customer payments (beyond cash,
       credit cards and debit cards). Such alternative modes of payment may include, by way of
       examples only, “smart phone” payment transactions and automated “smart phone” (or other)
       customer purchase/tracking transactions.

    C. You must at all times undertake all reasonable measures to anticipate, detect and prevent
       fraudulent credit or debit transactions.
13.10 Hours of Operation

You agree to continuously operate your franchised Restaurant(s) on the days and during the
minimum hours that we from time to time may specify in our Brand Standards. You may establish

                                                        24
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
