of confidentiality, or (iv) is developed by the receiving party as a result of its own efforts and without
knowledge or use of the Confidential Information.
Each party, as a receiving party, will indemnify and hold harmless the other party, as a disclosing party,
from and against any and all damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’
fees) incurred by the disclosing party by reason of a breach by the receiving party (or its third party advisors)
of any of its representations or covenants contained herein.
You will limit your discussions regarding the Contemplated Transaction only to those PHLLC employees
specifically identified in advance by PHLLC. Additionally, you will not, without the prior written consent of
PHLLC, speak to any employee of any restaurant involved in the Contemplated Transaction about (i) the
possible sale of the restaurant or anything concerning the Contemplated Transaction, or (ii) any information
specific to such restaurant or the market area. Further, you will not (i) take, or cause to be taken, pictures
or other images, either inside or out, of the restaurants that are subject to the Contemplated Transaction,
or (ii) request from the restaurant employees a tour of the back-of-the-house of any restaurant involved in
the Contemplated Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may visit the restaurants as a customer.
You hereby agree that PHLLC or its affiliates may order a consumer credit report from a credit reporting
agency with respect to you. You further agree that PHLLC has a legitimate business need for the information
contained therein. Therefore, you hereby authorize any consumer credit reporting agency chosen by
PHLLC or its affiliates to conduct a credit search, update such search as necessary, and deliver the results
of the searches to PHLLC. Moreover, you hereby forever release and waive any claim or claims you have
or may have, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, against PHLLC or its affiliates resulting from
any such searches or the use of such information by PHLLC or its affiliates in evaluating whether to
consummate the Contemplated Transaction, to the extent permitted by law. You hereby expressly
acknowledge that any and all rights granted under section 1542 of the California Civil Code, or any similar
federal or state statute, are hereby expressly waived. Section 1542 of the California Civil Code provides:
         A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect
         to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or
         her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.
This Agreement will become effective on the earlier to occur of (i) the date any party first receives
Confidential Information or (ii) the date of execution of this Agreement. The obligations set forth in this
Agreement relating to Transaction Information will terminate and expire on the earlier to occur of (i) the
execution by the parties of a Franchise Agreement(s) or (ii) three years following the date of this Agreement;
except that, your obligation to keep confidential PHLLC’s Brand Standards is perpetual. If you and PHLLC
enter into a Franchise Agreement(s), then the confidentiality covenants set forth in such Franchise
Agreement(s) will supersede your confidentiality covenants set forth in this Agreement.
This Agreement may not be amended or supplemented, except in a writing, and signed by all parties.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to a final determination of
a court of competent jurisdiction, or as a result of future legislative action, such determination or action will
be construed so as not to affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other portion hereof.
This Agreement and the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties to this Agreement will be interpreted,
construed, performed, and enforced in accordance with, and will be governed by, the laws of the State of
Texas. Any action brought to enforce the terms of the Agreement must be filed in the State or Federal Court
located in Collin County, Texas, and the parties agree to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the State of Texas
for resolving any claims or actions arising from this Agreement or its interpretation.
This Agreement is hereby entered into on the dates set forth below.
Pizza Hut, LLC

By:                                                         By:

Name:                                                       Name:

Title:                                                      Title:

Date:                                                       Date:
                                                       2
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. F - Confidentiality Agreement
1334.003.003/442906
