No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
RHODE ISLAND
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A
provision in a Franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this
state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim
otherwise enforceable under this Act.”
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
VIRGINIA
In recognition of the restrictions contained in Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail
Franchising Act, the franchise disclosure document for use in the Commonwealth of
Virginia is amended to include the following statements in Item 17.h.:
         Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful
         for PHLLC to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any ground for default
         or termination stated in the franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable
         cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the
         law of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller,
or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
WASHINGTON
The state of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180 which may supersede the
franchise agreement in your relationship with PHLLC, including the areas of termination
and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions which may supersede
the franchise agreement in your relationship with PHLLC, including the areas of
termination and renewal of your franchise. Therefore, the following is added to the
Summary column in Item 17o.: “Upon expiration or termination of the franchise
agreement, we may be required to purchase certain of your assets related to your
operation of the Franchised Business, if RCW 19.100.180 applies.”
In any arbitration involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration site shall
be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of
the arbitration, or as determined by the arbitrator.
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW shall prevail.
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee shall not include rights under the
                                               7
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-2 - State Addenda
1334.003.003/442897
