upon notice to you. You acknowledge that a temporary expansion is outside the normal course of
operations, and we may therefore reduce or terminate the expanded area at any time, for any reason,
upon written notice to you.
10.03 Performance Evaluations; Redefining your Delivery Area

    A. At any time during the Term, for each individual Pizza Hut Restaurant, we may evaluate
       whether you are meeting Brand Standards regarding Adequate Delivery Service to all or any
       portion of the Delivery Area. If we determine that you are not doing so, we will give you written
       notice that you are not providing Adequate Delivery Service, which notice shall identify the
       reasons for such determination. You may, within 10 business days, submit a written protest
       to us reasonably disputing our determination, setting forth the reasons, facts and data
       underlying your dispute. If you fail to timely submit a written protest, our preliminary
       determination shall become immediately effective and you will have thirty (30) days, or such
       greater time as the Parties agree, to provide Adequate Delivery Service by curing the
       deficiencies we described in our written notice. If you timely submit a written protest, then we
       will consider any such written protest you timely submit to us but we shall in our sole business
       judgment nevertheless have complete authority to redefine your Delivery Area in such
       manner as we alone determine. We will give you written notice of our final determination
       within 90 days after receipt of your written protest, or in the event of no protest, at the end of
       the 30 day cure period referenced above, at which point our determination will become
       effective and your Delivery Area shall be redefined as provided in our notice. Any action we
       take to redefine the Delivery Area for an individual Pizza Hut Restaurant shall have no effect
       on the Delivery Area of any other Pizza Hut Restaurant listed in Appendix B, or any other
       Pizza Hut Restaurant you may operate, unless the impact is to expand the Delivery Area for
       a contiguous Pizza Hut Restaurant.

    B. The above protocol for redefining your Delivery Area in the event you are not providing
       Adequate Delivery Service to all or any portion of such Delivery Area will only occur one time
       during the Initial Term of this Agreement. Thereafter, if you do not provide Adequate Delivery
       Service to all or any part of any such redefined Delivery Area, then upon your first such failure
       we may terminate your right to operate the specific System Restaurant servicing such
       Delivery Area in accordance with Section 23.03 if you do not correct such failure within thirty
       (30) days after our delivery of written notice. During any period of time after it has been
       determined that you are not providing Adequate Delivery Service to all or any portion of your
       Delivery Area, we or another Pizza Hut franchisee or licensee may furnish such delivery
       services within all or such portion of your Delivery Area pending any redetermination of your
       Delivery Area following your first such failure and also throughout any cure period afforded
       by a notice of termination sent to you pursuant to this Section which affords you the
       aforementioned thirty (30) day period to cure your breach of the obligation to furnish
       Adequate Delivery Service throughout your Delivery Area.

                                                 11. TECHNOLOGY
11.01 Technology Requirements

    A. Acknowledgment. You understand and agree that it is vital for the Pizza Hut System to
       feature state-of-the-art digital, e-commerce and other modern ordering capabilities,
       platforms, “apps” and other now or hereafter developed infrastructure, tools, systems and
       analytics, and that these capabilities are constantly evolving and require continued focus,
       investment and innovation, all of which may trigger your need to comply with all current and
       any hereafter developed hardware and software purchase and utilization requirements we
       impose, as provided hereafter.
                                                        18
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
