          10.       Section Headings. All section headings contained herein are for convenience or reference
                    only and are not intended to define or limit the scope of any provision of this Agreement.

          11.       Expenses for Enforcement. In the event either party hereto is required to employ an
                    attorney to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or is required to commence legal
                    proceedings to enforce the provisions hereof, the prevailing party will be entitled to
                    recover from the other reasonable attorney’s fees and court costs incurred in connection
                    with such enforcement, including, but not limited to, collection agency fees, attorney
                    litigation fees, suit fees, and costs of investigation and litigation.

          12.       Force Majeure. Neither party hereto will be in default by reason of any failure of its
                    performance under this Agreement if such failure results, from an act of God or anything
                    beyond the reasonable control of either party.

          13.       Notice. Any notices or demands required to be given here will be given to the parties in
                    writing, and by receipted email or regular mail to the Franchisee’s key operator and to
                    PHLLC at the addresses hereinafter set forth, or to such other addresses as the parties
                    may hereinafter substitute by written notice given in the manner prescribed in this
                    Section. All notices of breach, if any, will be sent certified mail, return receipt requested.

                    Notice to PHLLC:              Pizza Hut, LLC
                                                  7100 Corporate Drive
                                                  Plano, Texas 75024
                                                  Attn: Chief People Officer
                                                  cc:    Chief Financial Officer
                                                  cc:    General Counsel



                                   -FRANCHISEE SIGNATURE ON NEXT PAGE-




                                                                      6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. G - Pizza Hut Learning Management System Services and Support Agreement
1334.003.003/442907
