you and/or any of your Related Persons, on the one hand, and us and/or any other Franchisor
Parties, on the other hand, whether such dispute sounds in law, equity or otherwise, is to be
exclusively construed in accordance with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the State of
Texas without recourse to Texas’ (or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles. If we
move our principal headquarters to another state, we reserve the right to designate that state’s law
as governing, again without recourse to that state’s (or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law
principles, upon written notice to you. If, however, any provision of this Agreement is not enforceable
under the laws of Texas (or a successor state we designate as provided above) and if your franchised
Business and/or Restaurant(s) is/are located outside of Texas (or such hereafter designated state)
and the provision will be enforceable under the laws of the state in which your franchised Business
and/or Restaurant(s) is/are located, then that provision (and only that provision) will be interpreted
and construed under the laws of that state. This Section 36.01 is not intended to invoke, and should
not be deemed to invoke, the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, unfair
competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the State of Texas, or any successor state we
designate (as provided above), which would not otherwise apply by its terms jurisdictionally or
otherwise but for the within designation of governing law or which, by virtue of its denominated
geographic or subject matter scope, would not by its terms otherwise apply.
36.02 Venue

You acknowledge the importance to us and the System Restaurant Concepts of uniformity of
interpretation of this Agreement. You therefore conclusively agree that any action or proceeding
brought by us (and/or any Franchisor Party) or you (and/or any of your Related Persons) against any
such other party, whether sounding in law or equity, will be instituted, litigated through conclusion
and, if necessary, appealed through final, irrevocable judgment in a state or federal district court of
competent jurisdiction situated in the state, county and judicial district in which our principal place of
business is then located. As of the date of this Agreement, such venue is placed in any state or
federal court of competent jurisdiction in Collin County, Texas. Any such action or proceeding shall
be brought in federal court if federal court jurisdiction exists and, if it does not, then in state court.
You (and your Related Persons) hereby irrevocably submit yourself (and themselves) to the
jurisdiction of any such court and waive all questions of personal jurisdiction for the purpose of
carrying out this provision. You (and your Related Persons) agree that any dispute as to the venue
for litigation will be submitted to and resolved exclusively by such aforementioned court.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, with respect to any action for monies owed, injunctive or
other extraordinary or equitable relief, or involving possession or disposition of, or other relief relating
to, your Restaurant(s) or Restaurant Location(s), we may bring such an action in any state or federal
court which has jurisdiction. You, on behalf of yourself (and your Related Persons) hereby waive and
covenant never to assert or claim that the venue designated for litigation by this Agreement is for
any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate (including any claim under
the judicial doctrine of “forum non conveniens”). The parties agree that this Section 36.02 shall not
be construed as preventing either party from removing an action or proceeding from state to federal
court.
36.03 Waiver of Jury Trial and Punitive Damages

    A. The parties to this Agreement, their affiliates and your Related Persons explicitly waive their
       respective rights to a jury trial in any litigation between or among them and hereby stipulate
       that any such trial shall occur without a jury.

    B. You and your Related Persons hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by
       law, any right to or claim for any punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect, special,
       consequential or other similar damages in any action or proceeding whatsoever between
       such parties and/or any of their affiliates and us and/or any of the Franchisor Parties, and
                                                        72
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
