hours of operation in addition to the required minimum hours, subject to applicable laws, rules and
regulations.
13.11 Business Entity Requirements and Records

You must comply with the following requirements (which will also apply to any assignee or other
transferee of this Agreement):
A. Upon execution of this Agreement, upon each Transfer of an Ownership Interest in you, and at
   any other time upon our request, you will furnish us a list of all Persons having an Ownership
   Interest in you, an indication of the voting rights and percentage Ownership Interest of each of
   those Persons, and a list of all officers, directors, corporate managers and similar officials, in the
   form of Appendix E. We may require the same information regarding all Persons having an
   Ownership Interest in you.
B. Upon the execution of this Agreement, upon each Transfer of an Ownership Interest in you, and
   at any other time upon our request, all Persons in Control of you and all holders of a 10% or
   greater Ownership Interest in you will execute a written Guaranty in the form of Appendix F,
   personally guaranteeing, jointly and severally with all other holders of a 10% or greater
   Ownership Interest in you, the full payment and performance of your obligations to us and to our
   affiliates. On the same occasions, all of your officers, directors and similar officials, and all
   holders of an Ownership Interest in you, will sign an agreement in the form of Appendix G,
   undertaking to be bound by all the terms of this Agreement, including the restrictions on
   Transfers and the covenants of confidentiality and against competition. None of these
   Guaranties or agreements will be released by a Transfer of an Ownership Interest in you; all
   Guaranties and undertakings may be released only by a written release signed by us.
C. All of your organizational documents (including any partnership, partnership agreements,
   incorporation documents, organization/formation documents, bylaws, operating agreements,
   shareholders agreements, buy/sell or equivalent agreements, and trust instruments) will recite
   that the issuance and Transfer of any Ownership Interest in you is restricted by the terms of this
   Agreement, and that the sole purpose for which you are formed (and the sole activity in which
   you are or will be engaged) is the conduct of a retail food business pursuant to one or more
   franchise agreements from us and that your activities will be exclusively confined to such
   purpose. Your organizational documents will also include a “Supremacy of Franchise
   Agreement” clause reciting the following: “To the extent any provision of this Agreement
   conflicts, violates or is inconsistent with any provision of the Pizza Hut Location Franchise
   Agreement, the parties hereto agree that the provisions of the Pizza Hut Location Franchise
   Agreement shall supersede the same and that the parties hereto shall enter into such
   amendments to this Agreement as are necessary in order to make the relevant provisions
   consistent with or non-violative of the provisions of the Pizza Hut Location Franchise
   Agreement.” You will submit to us, upon the execution of this Agreement, a resolution of your
   owners (or your governing body) in the form of Appendix H.
D. You will maintain stop instructions against the Transfer on your corporate records of any
   securities or other Ownership Interests, and will not issue securities or other evidences of
   Ownership Interests without the following legend printed legibly and conspicuously on the face
   of the security or other evidence of Ownership Interests:
                “The transfer of this certificate and the interests it represents are subject to the
                terms and conditions of one or more Franchise Agreements with Pizza Hut, LLC,
                and to the restrictive provisions of the organizational documents of the issuer.
                Please refer to those documents for the terms of the restrictions.”


                                                        25
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
