         closing period (if any) specified in the subject offer; or, (iii) such longer period as may be
         reasonably necessary to conduct the due diligence provided for above.
   G. If we give notice of our exercise of our right of first refusal, you agree to take all reasonable
      action necessary to assign your Lease with the lessor of your Restaurant Location to us.
   H.    If we elect not to exercise our right of first refusal and we consent to the proposed Transfer,
         then you will, subject to the provisions of this Section 18.06, be free to assign or otherwise
         Transfer this Agreement or the franchised Business to your proposed transferee on the terms
         and conditions specified in the notice if you satisfy the conditions of Section 18.04 for our
         approval of a Transfer and if you close the transaction within sixty (60) days (or such further
         time as may be stipulated by law, rule or regulation). If, however, the terms specified in your
         notice are changed, the changed terms will be considered a new offer, and we will have an
         identical right of first refusal with respect to this new offer. Further, if you fail to close the
         Transfer transaction within sixty (60) days (or such further period of time as may be stipulated
         by applicable law, rule or regulation), then our right of first refusal hereunder shall be restored
         and we may elect to exercise same within thirty days thereafter.
   I.    Our election not to exercise our right of first refusal with respect to any offer will not affect our
         right of first refusal with respect to any later or modified offer. If we do not exercise our right
         of first refusal, this will not constitute approval of the proposed transferee or the Transfer
         itself. You and any proposed transferee must comply with all the criteria and procedures for
         assignment of the franchise, this Agreement and/or the franchised Business specified in this
         Section 18.06. If Franchisor exercises its right of first refusal, then the selling shareholder
         shall be released of its obligations hereunder accruing after the date of such sale, except as
         otherwise provided in this Agreement in Article 21 or elsewhere.
18.07 Security Interest

You may not without our prior written approval pledge, encumber, mortgage, hypothecate or
otherwise grant any third party a security interest in this Agreement, the franchised Business, your
Restaurant(s), your Location(s), any Ownership Interests in you, or any Ownership Interests in any
business entity which Directly or Indirectly Controls you.
18.08 Your Offer and Sale of Securities

You may not offer without our prior written approval and/or sell securities (whether by private or
public offering) of any type or nature or any other Ownership Interests in you, the franchised
Business, any Related Person and/or any Guarantor.
18.09 Bankruptcy

    A. If you, your franchised Business or any Related Person is the subject of any voluntary or
       involuntary proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, as amended, and if this Agreement
       does not terminate as provided in Section 23.01 below but, instead, is to be assumed by, or
       assigned to, a third party individual or entity which has made a bona fide offer to accept an
       assignment of this Agreement as contemplated by the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, then you must
       notify us of any such proposed assignment or assumption within five days after your receipt
       of such proposed assignee’s offer to accept assignment or to assume your rights and
       obligations under this Agreement. Such notice must be given to us, in any event, no later
       than ten days prior to the date application is made to a court of competent jurisdiction for
       authority and approval to enter into such assignment and assumption. The notice must
       contain the following:
         1. the name and address of the proposed assignee;
                                                        45
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
