99.999% of the time during the Daily Availability Period and (b) performed by Supplier 99.999% of the time during
the Daily Availability Period.
          3.2.1   Effects of Reduced Uptime.
                  3.2.1.1. Subject to the provisions of Section 10.4 and in addition to any service levels set forth in
                  Schedule F of the Amended and Restated SOW, for any week during which the uptime availability
                  of the Pizza Hut Digital System is less than 99.999%, measured and aggregated on a weekly basis,
                  Supplier shall reduce the Base Services Transaction Fee for all Orders for that weekly period
                  according to the following schedule (rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percent):
                           99.95 – 99.999%:             - 1/10th of a cent
                           99.85 – 99.949%:             - 2/10th of a cent
                           99.75 – 99.849%:             - 3/10th of a cent
                           less than – 99.75%:          - 4/10th of a cent

                  For reduced uptime availability occurring between 4:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m. Midnight Eastern
                  Time (ET) during any day from Thursday through Saturday, the above penalties will be
                  multiplied by four (4).
                  3.2.1.2. Large Events. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PHI has designated certain days “Large
                  Events” at least thirty (30) days prior to that day. For “Large Events,” the penalties for reduced
                  uptime will be multiplied by four (4) just as if the reduced uptime occurred on a day from Thursday
                  through Saturday between 4:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m. Midnight Eastern Time (ET). In addition to
                  other days which PHI has designated as Large Events, Supplier acknowledges that Super Bowl
                  Sunday, Halloween, New Year’s Eve, and Valentine’s Day are considered “Large Events” (and no
                  additional notice is required for such Large Events).
3.3       Scalability. Supplier represents and warrants that the Internet Order System and the Pizza Hut Digital
System are designed and constructed in a manner such that both will reasonably scale to whatever sustained
transaction capacity is desired by Franchisee in Real-time, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Franchisee will provide thirty (30) days prior notice to Supplier if Franchisee reasonably anticipates a significant
increase in Orders above the customary Orders for such time period due to the addition of Franchisee Restaurant
Locations to the Pizza Hut Digital System, and will provide Supplier with Franchisee’s annual marketing calendar
identifying the time and duration of national and regional promotional offers which shall constitute notice of planned
increases in Orders due to such promotional offers.
3.4       Internet Security. At all times during the Agreement Term, Supplier will maintain and enforce safety and
physical security procedures that are at least equal to the highest of the following: (a) Good Industry Practice
(including full compliance with applicable law); and (b) Exhibits D and E to the Amended and Restated MSA. Without
limiting, and in accordance with, the foregoing, Supplier shall maintain internal computer data integrity safeguards
(such as access codes, passwords and firewalls) to protect against the accidental or unauthorized deletion,
distribution, access, or alteration of Franchisee’s data while in the possession of Supplier, including, without
limitation, the Franchisee Database.
ARTICLE 4 – FRANCHISEE OBLIGATIONS
4.1     Equipment. Franchisee agrees that it will purchase, install and maintain appropriate modems or a high
speed Internet connection (such as Digital Subscriber Line, Cable, other Broad Band connection, Satellite
connection or other TCP/IP enabled connection) that shall be enabled and available during the Daily Availability
Period, either option at Franchisee’s sole discretion, at Franchisee Restaurant Locations that are owned and/or
operated for the benefit of Franchisee that are participating in the Pizza Hut Digital System.
4.2     Menu and Pricing Information. Franchisee agrees to accurately provide Supplier with prices of the Pizza
Hut Products and any special menu offerings, promotions, coupons or notices and other information relevant to

                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                            10
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
