         provisions of Section 18.04. You agree to immediately report to us all such Transfers of
         Ownership Interests in you in accordance with the procedure set forth in our Brand Standards
         or otherwise.

    C. Upon the death or disability of your last surviving owner, that person’s rights will pass to his
       or her Estate, unless otherwise provided for in such last surviving owner’s will, trust or other
       estate planning vehicle.

    D. The Estate shall have a reasonable period of time (not to exceed six months) following the
       death or disability to sell, assign or otherwise Transfer (as applicable) the Estate’s Ownership
       Interest in you or the franchised Business in accordance with the provisions of Section 18.04
       and subject to our right of first refusal under Section 18.06. Until such sale, transfer or
       assignment is consummated, the Estate may continue the operation of your franchised
       Business but only if, at all times, one or more approved Qualified Operator, as necessary, of
       your franchised Business is at all times supervising the operation of your Business and,
       further, only if all other terms and provisions of this Agreement are complied with.

    E. If at any time following the death or disability of your last surviving owner, the Estate fails to
       have one or more approved Qualified Operators, as necessary, supervising the operation of
       your franchised Business on a full-time basis, then until the Estate retains one or more
       approved Qualified Operator, as necessary, we may operate your franchised Business (or
       appoint a third party to operate your franchised Business) on an interim basis, but we will
       have no obligation to do so. If we operate your franchised Business on an interim basis (or
       appoint a third party to operate your franchised Business on an interim basis), we will deduct
       our reasonable expenses for travel, lodging, meals and all other expenses and fees from your
       franchised Business’s Gross Sales and also pay ourselves an interim operation fee equal to
       the greater of: (i) two times the salary paid to the individual(s) assigned by us to operate the
       Business, or (ii) 10% of the Business’s monthly Gross Sales. This interim operation fee will
       be in addition to the Monthly Service Fee due us under this Agreement. We will then remit
       any remaining funds to the Estate. The Estate and any Guarantor of this Agreement must
       pay us any deficiency in sums due to us under this Agreement within ten days of our notifying
       the Estate and such Guarantor of the deficiency. If we operate your franchised Business (or
       appoint a third party to operate your franchised Business) on an interim basis, we will not be
       responsible for any operational losses of the Business, nor will we (or a third party) be
       obligated to continue operating the Business on an interim basis. You understand and
       acknowledge that during any such interim period, you are still the owner of your franchised
       Business, and you continue to bear sole liability for any and all accounts payable, obligations,
       and/or contracts, including all obligations under the Lease and all obligations to your vendors,
       employees, and contractors. You understand that we are not required to use your employees,
       vendors, or accounts to operate your franchised Business. You also agree that we may elect
       to cease such interim operations of your franchised Business at any time with notice to you.
18.06 Right of First Refusal

Your rights to assign, redeem, sell or otherwise Transfer any Ownership Interest in you, this
Agreement or the franchised Business, voluntarily or by operation of law (as provided above), will be
subject to our right of first refusal (except in those instances specified above where no such right will
pertain), which right of first refusal we may freely assign to any individual or entity. We will exercise
our right of first refusal in the following manner:
   A.    You must deliver to us a true and complete copy of the proposed transferee’s offer (the
         “notice”) including all its terms and furnish to us any additional information concerning the
         proposed transaction and the proposed transferee that we reasonably request. Your
                                                        43
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
