9.04     Sources of Supply and Specifications

    A. Approved Distributors. You must purchase certain required non-proprietary food and
       beverage items (and ingredients), other products, supplies, equipment, and materials, and
       utilize certain programs, partnerships, relationships, systems, methods, platforms (including
       technology platforms), or services, and comply with all reasonable specifications for same,
       from Approved Distributors we designate in writing in the Brand Standards; from suppliers
       you propose and we approve; and/or in accordance with our written specifications. Such
       Brand Standards and specifications may be specific as to brand name, item/model/catalog
       number, preparation or manufacturing facility, or other factors we consider relevant. We may
       also publish listings of approved or designated manufacturers, producers, distributors or
       suppliers (“Approved Distributors”) for any such item and may add to or delete from the
       listings at any time. You will only purchase and use those items that comply with the Brand
       Standards and specifications in connection with your Restaurant operations under this
       Agreement and, if there is an Approved Distributor for any such item, you will obtain that item
       only from or through the Approved Distributor. Should we discontinue the sale or use of a
       particular item or Approved Distributor, you may use the remaining inventory (excluding
       equipment or services) you have at the time you receive the notice of disapproved Approved
       Distributor, as well as any inventory (excluding equipment or services) which has been
       ordered but cannot be canceled, but you shall not be permitted to order more of the non-
       conforming item or continue to use the disapproved Approved Distributor. Notwithstanding
       the foregoing: (a) if the discontinued item or source of supply poses a threat to the health or
       safety of the public, then you must cease using such item or source of supply immediately
       upon receipt of notice from us orally, electronically or in writing, and shall have no right to use
       the remaining inventory or previously-ordered supply; and (b) we will only require you to stop
       using a particular distribution company, and/or use a different distribution company, if we
       impose that requirement on a substantial portion of all similarly situated System Restaurants.

    B. Changes to Approved Distributors. You acknowledge and agree that we: (i) may change
       the Approved Distributors at any time; (ii) may designate ourselves, our affiliate(s) or a third
       party as a source or supplier, or as the exclusive source or supplier, of any particular item or
       service; (iii) and our affiliates may profit from your purchases from us, our affiliates, or other
       Approved Distributors, and (iv) may receive other payments, fees, commissions, or
       reimbursements from Approved Distributors in connection with your purchases from them.
       We also reserve the right to direct that any supplier rebates, refunds, advertising allowances
       or other consideration payable or paid as a result of your purchases of non-proprietary goods,
       services or equipment be paid until further notice to the Advertising Fund (to be expended as
       provided in this Agreement). If we do so, then you hereby acknowledge that you will not
       assert any interest in such monies.

    C. Specifications. We may from time to time provide you with specifications governing the
       minimum standards of food and beverage items, other products, programs, services and/or
       equipment required to be used in or sold by your franchised Business and its Restaurant(s)
       for which we do not designate a required source of supply. We will set forth such
       specifications in our Brand Standards or in other written or electronic notices we transmit to
       you. We may add to, modify or revoke such specifications in writing from time to time,
       provided that you shall be permitted to use the remaining inventory (excluding equipment or
       services) you have at the time you receive the notice, as well as any inventory (excluding
       equipment or services) which has been ordered but cannot be canceled, but you shall not be
       permitted to order more items that do not comply with our modified specifications. However,
       if the non-conforming item poses a threat to the health or safety of the public, then you must
       cease using such item or source of supply immediately upon notice from us orally,
                                                        16
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
