        10.     Binding Effect. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and bind the parties
hereto, including their proper successors and assigns.

       11.     Authority. Each party hereby warrants and represents that their respective
signatures set forth below have been and are on the date of this Agreement duly authorized by all
necessary and appropriate corporate action to execute this Agreement.

       12.     Section Headings. All section headings contained herein are for convenience or
reference only and are not intended to define or limit the scope of any provision of this Agreement.

         13.    Expenses for Enforcement. In the event either party hereto is required to employ an
attorney to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or is required to commence legal proceedings
to enforce the provisions hereof, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other
reasonable attorney’s fees and court costs incurred in connection with such enforcement, including,
but not limited to, collection agency fees, attorney litigation fees, suit fees, and costs of investigation
and litigation.

         14.      Force Majeure.

         a. Except as provided below, any delay in either party’s performance of any duties under
this Agreement, or any non-performance of such duties, that is not the fault of the non-performing
party, is not reasonably foreseeable and is not within such party’s reasonable control or attributable
to such party’s acts, errors or omissions (such delay, an event of “Force Majeure”) – including, but
not limited to, fire; floods; natural disasters; Acts of God; war; civil commotion; terrorist acts; any
governmental act or regulation; any delays or defaults in deliveries by common carriers and/or postal
services and/or overnight couriers; computer network outages; late deliveries or non-deliveries of
goods or non-furnishing of services by third party suppliers; strikes; lockouts; and any other similar
event beyond such party’s control - will not constitute a breach or cause a default under this
Agreement, provided, however, that such non-performing party will take all steps reasonably
possible to mitigate damages caused by such failure or delay.

        b. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such failure or delay continues for more than 90
days, PHCLLC will have the right at any time thereafter during the continuance of such failure or
delay to terminate this Agreement upon 30 days advance written notice to Franchisee.

        c. The foregoing shall not apply in any fashion, directly or indirectly, or excuse Franchisee
in any fashion or at any time from Franchisee’s obligation to pay PHCLLC and its affiliates all sums
owed through the time of any aforementioned unavoidable delay or failure to perform.

        d. Upon the occurrence of an event of Force Majeure, the party affected thereby shall give
prompt notice to the other party, together with a description of the event; the anticipated duration of
such party’s inability to perform; and, a plan for restoring its ability to perform, which plan such party
shall commence to undertake and complete at the earliest commercially reasonable time.

        15.     Misspellings. Misspelling of one or more words in this Agreement will not invalidate
this Agreement. Such misspelled words will be read so as to have the meaning apparently intended
by the parties.

        16.    Taxes. Any federal, state, or local excise, sales, use, or other tax, except income
taxes, imposed on PHCLLC by virtue of this Agreement or the performance of any duty hereunder,
or any such taxes so imposed on Franchisee, will be borne, by direct payment or by reimbursement,

                                                        13
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
