                                     Section in Location
                Provision           Franchise Agreement                                    Summary

  v.        Choice of forum       Section 36.02, 36.06        Mediation is in the city where our principal place of business is
                                                              located (currently, Plano, Texas); litigation is in the state, county
                                                              and judicial district in which our principal place of business is
                                                              located (currently, Collin County, Texas) (subject to state law).
                                                              However, we may bring actions for monies owed, injunctive or
                                                              other extraordinary or equitable relief, or involving possession,
                                                              disposition, or other relief relating to the Restaurant(s) or
                                                              Location(s), in any state or federal court that has jurisdiction.

  w. Choice of law                Section 36.01               Texas law applies (subject to state law).


                                                     ITEM 18
                                              PUBLIC FIGURES
       We do not use any public figure to promote the franchise.
                                                     ITEM 19
                              FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

    The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a
reasonable basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.
Financial performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if:
(1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or
(2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.
   Set forth below are historical data for certain domestic traditional Pizza Hut outlets owned and
operated by franchisees (“Franchised System Restaurants”).
       I.         MATURE FRANCHISED SYSTEM RESTAURANTS
    The financial performance representations below provide certain information regarding the
Franchised System Restaurants – of the Dine-In/Red Roof, RBD and Delco Delivery/Carry-out
Restaurant Concept type – that were open and operating for at least one year as of the end date
of the Reporting Periods dates listed in the chart below (“Mature Franchised System
Restaurants”). We determine the concept type for each of the Mature Franchised System
Restaurants as of February 6, 2026, or any earlier closure date, as applicable. Specifically
excluded from the definition of Mature Franchised System Restaurants are those Delivery Based
Restaurants (“DBR”) / Fast Casual Delco (“FCD”) System Restaurants; Carryout-only System
Restaurants; seasonal System Restaurants; Express restaurants (for which franchises are
offered under a separate disclosure document); any type of System Restaurant that operated for
24 or fewer days in each financial period, including those temporarily closed for extended periods
for remodeling, maintenance, and otherwise; or, any type of System Restaurant other than
traditional Dine-In/Red Roof, RBD and Delco Delivery/Carry-out System Restaurants. As of
December 29, 2025, although there was a total of 4,956 Franchised System Restaurants, there
were 4,767 Mature Franchised System Restaurants, and as of December 30, 2024, although
there were a total of 5,214 Franchised System Restaurants, there were 5,059 Mature Franchised
System Restaurants. Any Mature Franchised System Restaurant that closed during the Reporting
Period in the table below is excluded from Restaurants included in such period.


                                                         47
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
