    B. At the time of renewal you must be current on the payment of all monetary obligations to us,
       or affiliates, the lessor(s) or sublessor(s) of your Business Premises, Location(s) and
       Restaurant(s) and any material third party supplier of yours;

    C. You must be fully current with respect to any and all of your Restaurant maintenance or asset
       upgrade obligations and any Brand Standards requirements for all of your System
       Restaurants;

    D. You must have timely satisfied all monetary obligations owed to us and our affiliates
       (excluding an affiliate which administers a separate franchise network) (under this Agreement
       or under any other agreement) between you (or any of your affiliates) and us or any of our
       affiliates (excluding an affiliate which administers a separate franchise network);

    E. You must present evidence satisfactory to us that you have the right to remain in possession
       of the Location(s) during the Renewal Term or obtain our consent a substitute Location
       acceptable to and approved by us, without any interruption of business;

    F. You must comply with our then-current qualification and training requirements;

    G. You and your Related Persons must execute a general release (on our then-current form) of
       any and all claims against us and the Franchisor Parties, past and present, in their corporate
       and individual capacities, including, claims arising under this Agreement or under federal,
       state or local laws, rules, regulations or orders; and,

    H. You must pay us a renewal fee in an amount equal to $12,500 (on a per Restaurant basis)
       at the time of renewal. We may increase this fee up to $25,000 (per Restaurant).
If you have satisfied these conditions, then we will provide you with a Renewal Franchise Agreement
in the manner specified in the following Section.
22.02 Renewal Procedures

You must exercise your renewal right under this Agreement in the following manner:
    A. You must notify us in writing no more than nine months and no less than six months before
       the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement of your desire to enter into a Renewal
       Franchise Agreement.

    B. Within thirty days after our receipt of your notice, if you have satisfied the renewal conditions,
       we will deliver to you the Renewal Package. You must acknowledge receipt of the Renewal
       Package in any fashion that we reasonably specify.

    C. No sooner than fifteen days, but no later than twenty five days, after you receive our Renewal
       Package, you must execute the Renewal Agreement and return it to us.

    D. If you have exercised your renewal right as described above and have complied with all of
       the procedures set forth herein, and on the date of expiration of the Initial Term you satisfy
       all of the conditions to renewal identified in Section 22.01 of this Agreement, then we will
       execute the Renewal Franchise Agreement previously executed by you and will deliver one
       fully executed copy of your Renewal Franchise Agreement to you.

    E. If you do not perform any of the acts or deliver any of the writings required herein in a timely
       fashion, this will be considered your conclusive election not to exercise your right to enter
                                                        55
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
