     period) ending no more than five days before the date of the report. You must also submit a
     monthly report to us for our receipt on or before the 20th day of each month. The monthly report
     will consist of a statement reporting all Gross Sales for the preceding month on a Restaurant-
     by-Restaurant and cumulative basis and your calculation of the Monthly Service Fee,
     Advertising Fund Contribution and other payments due thereon, all in the manner and form we
     prescribe. You must manually or electronically sign the monthly report as we direct in our Brand
     Standards. We reserve the right to require you to file your monthly reports electronically or
     through any now or hereafter developed mode of communication and/or date transmission. You
     also agree to furnish to us any other financial or non-financial data that we request concerning
     the activity of your Business in the form, manner and frequency that we requested.
B.   Concurrent with your submission of your monthly report, you shall pay us the Monthly Service
     Fee, Advertising Fund Contribution and all other payments due for the preceding month, as
     specified in your monthly report.
C.   We may require that any report referenced in this Section be prepared and submitted on a
     periodic basis in accordance with our internal accounting periods or an accounting calendar we
     may designate. We may also require that any fees due at regular intervals under this Agreement
     (including Monthly Service Fees and Advertising Fund Contributions) be paid on a periodic basis
     in accordance with our internal accounting periods or an accounting calendar we may designate.
D.   We reserve the right to require the transmission of these and all other payments required under
     this Agreement to be effected by electronic funds transfer or other similar technology now or
     hereafter developed. You agree to pay all costs of electronic funds transfer or other similar
     technology we designate. We further reserve the right to require you to pay your Monthly Service
     Fees and Advertising Fund Contributions by direct account debit and, if we do so, you agree to
     deposit and maintain at all times sufficient funds to cover all fees and payments you owe to us
     and our affiliates in a segregated bank account (the “Bank Account”) that you form and maintain
     for your franchised Business and Restaurant(s). The Bank Account must have the capacity to
     make payments through the means we designate and you must sign all documents required by
     your bank, our bank and us for approval and implementation of the debit or transfer process. If
     and when we implement this requirement, you may not change the Bank Account without our
     advance written approval and you will pay all costs of direct account debit.
E.   You agree to pay us or our affiliates’ interest on any overdue amounts owed to us or our affiliates
     (under this or any other agreement) at the rate of 1.5% per month (subject to our right to
     increase, with reasonable notice to you, this amount to the maximum rate permitted by law) if
     the subject payment has not been received by us by the last day of the month in which payment
     is due. We may determine to reduce this specified interest rate in our discretion. We may apply
     any payments we receive from you to the oldest amounts due from you, regardless of any
     contrary designation by you. This provision does not constitute consent to late payments or an
     agreement to extend credit. You may not withhold, set-off or recoup payment of any amount due
     on the grounds of the alleged non-performance of breach by us or any of our affiliates under this
     or any other agreement.
F.   In addition to all other payments under this Agreement, you agree to pay us or our affiliates
     immediately upon demand: (a) all sales taxes, trademark license taxes, use taxes, gross
     receipts taxes and any other taxes imposed on or required to be collected or paid by us, our
     affiliates and/or our third party designees (as applicable) (excluding any corporate income taxes
     imposed on us, our affiliates and/or our third party designees) because we, our affiliates and/or
     our third party designees (as applicable) have furnished programs or services to you, collected
     any fee or payment from you, licensed our Pizza Hut Marks to you and/or entered into this
     Agreement with you; (b) all amounts we advance, pay or become obligated to pay on your behalf
     for any reason; (c) any amount to reimburse us for costs and commissions paid or due to a

                                                        48
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
