5.06     Asset Standards and Required Upgrades

    A. Required Upgrades. You must perform such asset upgrades, including Major Remodels,
       Minor Remodels, Rebuilds and Relocations, as those terms are defined in Appendix A, as
       we may direct from time to time, in accordance with our Brand Standards and the
       specifications set forth therein. An initial remodel schedule for each Pizza Hut Restaurant(s)
       is located on Appendix B (the “Remodel Schedule”), which sets forth the anticipated timing
       and scope of required upgrades of the Pizza Hut Restaurant(s). The Remodel Schedule may
       be updated, modified, or amended from time to time by mutual written consent of the parties.
       Any changes to the timing or scope of upgrades set forth in the Remodel Schedule shall
       require mutual written agreement.

    B. Upgrade Exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) except as otherwise provided in
       Sections 18.04 and 22.01, we will not require a Minor Remodel or a Major Remodel of an
       existing Restaurant less than five (5) years after such Restaurant, as applicable, was either
       newly constructed or last underwent a Minor Remodel, a Major Remodel, a Rebuild or a
       Relocation, and (ii) except as otherwise provided below in Sections 18.04 and 22.01, we will
       not require a Rebuild or Relocation of an existing Restaurant less than ten (10) years after
       such Restaurant last underwent a Rebuild or Relocation.

    C. Changes to the Brand Standards. We retain the right at any time and with any frequency
       in our sole discretion to adopt and impose new Brand Standards requiring improvements to
       your franchised Restaurant(s) including new equipment, new smallwares and new
       technology, which may require certain structural alterations and/or accommodations but are
       not exclusively structural in nature.
5.07     Relocation of Your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s)

You may not relocate your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) to another location without first obtaining our
written approval for the new location and complying with all of the provisions of this Article 5 and our
then-current Brand Standards. As part of your request, you must supply us with justification for the
relocation including (the expiration of any existing lease or changed demographics) and any other
information we request. No new Initial Franchise Fee will be required so long as your relocated
Restaurant opens within twelve months of your existing Restaurant’s closure or such other time, if
any, as the parties may agree; if not, then such failure will constitute a breach of this Agreement and
we reserve the right to either impose our then-current Initial Franchise Fee for your relocated
Restaurant or terminate this Agreement upon notice to you granting a 30 day opportunity to cure
your breach. If you relocate any Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) with our approval subject to the terms of
this Section 5.07, then the new location will be the Location of the franchised Restaurant and this
Agreement will govern same in all respects. Any relocation will be at your expense.
5.08     Satellites

You must obtain our advance written approval for any Satellite following the procedures set forth in
our Brand Standards and must operate any Satellites in accordance with the requirements governing
same set forth in our Brand Standards. We may prohibit certain activities contemplated by this
Agreement from being engaged in, at or from any Satellite.
5.09     Time Is Of the Essence

Subject to the provisions of Article 27 of this Agreement, time is of the essence with regard to each
and every requirement of this Article 5.


                                                        8
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
