    You must sell only and all Approved Products that we designate as standard for the type of
System Restaurant you operate unless we otherwise agree in writing. You may (but need not)
also offer and sell Approved Products which we designate as optional for the type of System
Restaurant you operate.
     If we add a standard Approved Product for the type of System Restaurant you operate or
discontinue a previously Approved Product (either standard or optional), we will notify you and
will include a deadline by which you must offer the new standard Approved Product or must
discontinue the previously Approved Product. The deadline will be at least 90 days after we give
you notice in the case of a new standard Approved Product and at least 30 days after we give
you notice in the case of a product that is no longer an Approved Product.
    You will sign an adoption agreement which will give you the benefits and bind you to the terms
and conditions of the Pepsi Agreement. Under the Pepsi arrangement and PHLLC’s menu
policies, you may sell only products licensed by Pepsi and/or the Pepsi/Lipton Tea Partnership,
subject to certain exceptions.
    You may never sell or distribute any food, beverage or other product or ingredient except as
a complete, fully-prepared product ready for immediate consumption, unless we expressly permit
you to do otherwise.
    If you wish to sell any product which is not authorized to be sold by the type of System
Restaurant you operate, you must first obtain our written permission, which we may deny for any
or no reason. If we grant our approval, then the approved product will become a part of the
System; we may (but are not required to), authorize the new approved product for sale at other
Pizza Hut Restaurants under any System Restaurant Concept; we may subsequently revoke our
approval for any or no reason; we will own all rights associated with the new approved product;
and you will not be entitled to any compensation.
    You must participate in all customer service, customer recovery/remediation, and customer
loyalty programs we designate in the Brand Standards. At our request, you must participate in
tests of new or modified products, services, programs, equipment, technology and procedures
(including delivery methods, platforms or systems).
                                                  ITEM 17
             RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
                                   THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
    This table lists certain important provisions of the Location Franchise Agreement (FA)
and related agreements. You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to
this disclosure document.
                                    Section in Location
            Provision              Franchise Agreement                                 Summary

  a.   Length of the franchise   Section 4.01             Unless sooner terminated as described in the FA, the Initial Term
       term                                               will begin on the effective date of the FA and will continue until 10
                                                          years from the opening date of the Restaurant. If the FA covers
                                                          multiple Restaurants with opening dates beyond the required
                                                          opening date of the first Restaurant, the Initial Term for each
                                                          additional Restaurant will be begin on the opening date of each
                                                          Restaurant will continue until 10 years after each opening date.
                                                          You and we will mutually decide whether a relocated Restaurant
                                                          (an offset) will have the remaining Initial Term of the Restaurant
                                                          it replaces or receive a new Initial Term.



                                                     42
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
