                                      AMENDMENT TO PIZZA HUT, LLC
                                     LOCATION FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                        FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA
The Pizza Hut, LLC Location Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) between the undersigned (“Franchisee”)
and Pizza Hut, LLC (“PHLLC”) shall be amended by the addition of the following language, which shall be
considered an integral part of the Agreement (“Amendment”):
                                       MINNESOTA LAW MODIFICATIONS
1.       The Commissioner of Commerce for the state of Minnesota requires that certain provisions contained
in franchise documents be amended to be consistent with Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. Section 80C.01
et seq., and the Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Act (collectively, “Franchise Act”). To the
extent that the Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions are
hereby amended:
         a.       The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that PHLLC indemnify Minnesota
                  Franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties that the
                  Franchisee’s use of PHLLC proprietary marks infringes trademark rights of the third party.
         b.       Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4., and 5 requires, except in certain specified cases, that a
                  Franchisee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days notice
                  for non-renewal of the license agreement. If the Agreement contains a provision that is
                  inconsistent with the Franchise Act, the provisions of the Agreement shall be superseded by the
                  Act’s requirements and shall have no force or effect.
         c.       If the Franchisee is required in the Agreement to execute a release of claims or to
                  acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial review any statement,
                  misrepresentation or action that would violate the Franchise Act, such release shall exclude
                  claims arising under the Franchise Act, and such acknowledgments shall be void with respect
                  to claims under the Franchise Act.
         d.       If the Agreement requires that it be governed by the law of a state other than the state of
                  Minnesota or arbitration or mediation, those provisions shall not in any way abrogate or reduce
                  any rights of the Franchisee as provided for in the Franchise Act, including the right to submit
                  matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.
         e.       Any provision that requires the Franchisee to consent to a claims period that differs from the
                  applicable statute of limitations period under Minn. Stat § 80C.17, Subd. 5. may not be
                  enforceable under Minnesota.
2.      Minn. Stat. §80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted
outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the franchise disclosure document or agreement can abrogate or
reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, including your rights to any
procedure, forum, or remedies provided for in that law.
3.       The Agreement is hereby amended to delete all references to liquidated damages (as defined) in
violation of Minnesota law; provided, that no such deletion shall excuse the Franchisee from liability for actual
or other damages and the formula for liquidated damages in the Agreement shall be admissible as evidence
of actual damages.
4.      To the extent required by Minnesota Law, the Agreement is amended to delete all references to a
waiver of jury trial.
5.        All sections of the Agreement referencing PHLLC’s right to obtain injunctive relief are hereby amended
to refer to PHLLC’s right to seek to obtain.
6.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional
requirements of the Franchise Act, with respect to each such provision, are met independent of this
Amendment. This Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional requirements are not met.
7.       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any


Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
