   3.2 Pizza Hut will:

          3.2.1 promptly notify Customer upon becoming aware of any Service Level Exception;

          3.2.2 perform all other obligations and meet all other service levels in accordance with the
                terms of this Agreement;

          3.2.3 use its reasonable endeavors to mitigate the effects of any Service Level Exception
                related to the Services.


4. Service Credits.

   4.1 If Pizza Hut fails to meet the required Uptime Commitment in a particular Measurement Period,
       Customer will be entitled (as its sole and exclusive remedy) to a credit as set forth below (each an
       “Uptime Credit”). Any Uptime Credit issued for a particular Measurement Period will be calculated as
       a percentage of the actual subscription fees for such Measurement Period and will be determined as
       follows:

                      Availability (%) in the        Uptime Credit Percentage
                      relevant Measurement
                      Period
                                 93-97%                           10%
                                 88-92%                           15%
                                  <87%                            20%


   4.2 Pizza Hut will provide Customer with information to permit Customer to determine whether the Uptime
       Commitment has been achieved, and Customer agrees that only measurements provided by Pizza
       Hut will be used for calculation. Any applicable Uptime Credit will only be issued as a credit against
       future subscription fees and cannot be used to offset payments due to Pizza Hut under this
       Agreement or any other agreement. The Uptime Credit set forth herein will not be construed as a
       penalty and are a genuine pre-estimate of the loss that the Customer is expected to suffer from Pizza
       Hut’s failure to meet the service levels in this Schedule 1.

5. Escalation Process for Service Level Failures.

   5.1 If Pizza Hut fails to meet the same Uptime Commitment for 3 Measurement Periods out of any 12
       consecutive Measurement Periods, and such failure is neither excused nor a Service Level Exception,
       Customer may by notice in writing to Pizza Hut (“Escalation Notice”) require Pizza Hut to invoke
       executive level escalation under which Pizza Hut will review all of the Services and the cause or
       causes of the failures at its own expense (“Escalation Process”).

   5.2    The Escalation Process will be managed by a suitable level of Pizza Hut’s management, and by
          a person not directly associated with the day-to-day Customer account or service management.
          The review should cover:

          5.2.1 the assignment of a dedicated team to review the performance of the Digital Program in
                full and the cause or causes of the failures;

          5.2.2 a review of the service staffing and management; and

          5.2.3 a revisit of the solution provided based on the service levels.

   5.3 Escalation Process:

          5.3.1 Escalation notice:
                (a)    In the case that Pizza Hut fails to meet the same Uptime Commitment for 3
                       Measurement Periods out of any 12 consecutive Measurement Periods, and such
