regardless of the location of these businesses and/or facilities, which may be within the Protected
Radius or immediately near it. We are limited in these activities only by the protections that we
have granted you in the Protected Radius, described above. You will receive no compensation
for these activities.
    We and/or our affiliates may engage in any business activity and any business concept
whatsoever using the Pizza Hut Marks or any other names or marks owned or developed by us
or our affiliates, within, outside or immediately proximate to your Protected Radius, so long as
within your Protected Radius such other businesses do not operate the type of System Restaurant
you operate under the Pizza Hut Marks. Your Location Franchise Agreement does not give you
any right to participate in or benefit from such other concepts or business activities, whether they
are conducted under the Pizza Hut Marks or not. Our and our affiliates’ rights to engage in other
business activities are specifically reserved and may not be qualified or diminished in any way by
implication.
    We and/or our affiliates alone have the right to:
        (i) offer and sell, within and outside your Protected Radius, under the Pizza Hut Marks
    and/or any other names or marks, at wholesale, retail or otherwise, any and all Approved
    Products and other food, beverage, or other products and services and/or their components
    or ingredients, whether or not they are a part of the System (including those used or sold by
    your Restaurant), through any alternative method or channel of distribution whatsoever, at
    wholesale, retail, or otherwise, except through a System Restaurant of the type you operate
    within the Protected Radius.
         (ii) offer and sell (directly, or through other franchisees or licensees) Approved Products
    or other products, services and programs at any and all “nontraditional locations”, including
    nontraditional locations which may be partially or wholly situated within your Protected Radius,
    through the establishment of mobile units, concessions, “shop-in-shops,” System Restaurants
    or otherwise. You are precluded from engaging in such activity without our prior written
    consent (which we may withhold for any or no reason). “Nontraditional locations” are locations
    or venues at which access to the general public is restricted and include sports arenas and
    venues; theatres; resorts; food retailers (including supermarkets, grocery stores and
    convenience stores); malls and mall food courts; schools and universities; hospitals and
    healthcare facilities; airports; guest lodging facilities; government facilities; condominium and
    cooperative complexes; the premises of any third party retailer which is not a restaurant
    (including shops, stores and department stores); military bases and installations; and, airlines,
    railroads and other modes of mass transportation.
    We may (and you may not without our prior written consent) enter into agreements to deliver
Approved Products and other System-approved food, beverages and other products to National,
Regional, and Institutional Accounts. National, Regional, and Institutional Accounts are
organizational or institutional customers whose presence is not confined to your Protected
Radius. They include (for example only): business entities with offices or branches situated both
inside and outside your Protected Radius; government agencies, branches or facilities; guest
lodging networks; healthcare networks; the military; and any other customer whose presence is
not confined to your Protected Radius. Only we have the right to enter into contracts with National,
Regional and Institutional Accounts. If we receive orders from a National, Regional, or Institutional
Account for delivery in your Delivery Area (described below), then we may require you to fulfill the
orders at the price we agree on with the customer. However, you may deliver Approved Products
and other System-approved food, beverages and other products to guest lodging networks,
healthcare networks and schools within your Delivery Area at any time during which PHLLC does


                                                 36
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
