        Disclosing Party; or (iv) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the
        Disclosing Party.

   6.2. Confidentiality. The Receiving Party will not disclose or use any Confidential Information of the
        Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement, except with the Disclosing Party's
        prior written permission.

   6.3. Protection. The Receiving Party agrees to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of
        the Disclosing Party in the same manner that it protects the confidentiality of its own proprietary and
        confidential information of like kind (but in no event using less than reasonable care).

   6.4. Compelled Disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose Confidential Information
        of the Disclosing Party, it will provide the Disclosing Party with prior notice of such compelled disclosure
        (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at Disclosing Party's cost, if the Disclosing
        Party wishes to contest the disclosure. Notwithstanding any other provision, Pizza Hut may disclose
        Customer Data if Pizza Hut determines that such action is reasonably necessary: (a) to comply with the
        law, regulatory requirements, or legal or regulatory process; (b) to enforce this Agreement; or (c) to
        respond to claims that Customer is using the Services to perform or support activities that violate the
        law or the rights of third parties.

   6.5. Remedies. If the Receiving Party discloses or uses (or threatens to disclose or use) any Confidential
        Information of the Disclosing Party in breach of confidentiality protections hereunder, the Disclosing
        Party will have the right, in addition to any other remedies available to it, to seek injunctive relief to
        prohibit such acts, it being specifically acknowledged by the parties that any other available remedies
        are inadequate.

7. Customer Data

   7.1. Customer will have sole responsibility for the legality, reliability, integrity, accuracy and quality of
        Customer Data.

   7.2. In the event of any loss or damage to Customer Data, Customer's sole and exclusive remedy against
        Pizza Hut will be for Pizza Hut to use reasonable commercial endeavors to restore the lost or damaged
        Customer Data from the latest back-up of such Customer Data maintained by Pizza Hut in accordance
        with Section 3.1. Pizza Hut will not be responsible for any loss, destruction, alteration or disclosure of
        Customer Data, even if caused by any third party.

   7.3. In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement:

        7.3.1. Pizza Hut agrees it may provide within 30 days of such termination or expiration for Customer
               to export or download all Customer Data (excluding Personal Data). Notwithstanding the
               foregoing, Customer’s use of any Customer Data will remain subject to the terms and conditions
               of this Agreement.

        7.3.2. Pizza Hut at the written direction of Customer, will delete or return Personal Data it has provided
               Pizza Hut and copies thereof to Customer on termination of the Agreement unless required by
               applicable laws to store the Personal Data.

8. Data Security and Privacy.

 8.1. Pizza Hut has implemented and maintains reasonable and not less than industry standard administrative,
      physical and technical safeguards to protect electronic data and information received from or prepared
      for Customer, including the manner in which information and data is collected, accessed, used, stored,
      processed, disposed of and disclosed. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between Pizza Hut and
      Customer, email transmissions between Pizza Hut and Customer will not be encrypted.

 8.2. By placing an order for subscription, Customer acknowledges and agrees that Pizza Hut may store, share,
      process and use data collected from Customer’s order for the purposes of processing the order. Pizza
      Hut may also share such data globally with its subsidiaries and within the Pizza Hut group of companies.
