representatives, shall be permitted to make copies of anything it deems a possible violation of this
Agreement.

C.       FRANCHISEE’S RESPONSIBILITIES.

        1.      Franchisee will purchase or lease the Approved Equipment and obtain such additional
software, if any, as specified by the Technical Specifications, from PHCLLC approved vendors either
through PHCLLC or directly from such PHCLLC approved vendors. PHCLLC, in good faith, will
attempt in its dealings with Approved Equipment and software vendors to secure commitments from
such vendors to provide the same pricing and service levels to Franchisee as provided to PHCLLC.
If PHCLLC procures Approved Equipment or software for Franchisee, PHCLLC will not add a mark-
up to the price charged Franchisee.

        2.     Pursuant to Addendum B, PHOS Services, Franchisee will maintain contract with an
approved maintenance vendor to provide preventive, remedial maintenance and support of the
Technical Specifications and Approved Equipment. Changes or modifications to a full service
contract must be approved by PHCLLC in advance or PHCLLC reserves the right to terminate
support. Any prepaid dollars may be forfeited as part of the minimum support rate structure.
Franchisee shall provide PHCLLC a copy of the maintenance agreement for Technical Specifications
and Approved Equipment upon request. Failure to comply with this requirement within thirty (30)
days of the request, shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement by Franchisee. PHCLLC’s
failure to request such a copy of the maintenance agreement for Technical Specifications and
Approved Equipment shall not be deemed a material breach of this Agreement by PHCLLC and shall
not be deemed a waiver of this requirement by PHCLLC.

        3.     Franchisee will establish and maintain a 3g/4g line. The typical reasons for PHCLLC
to need to electronically connect to PHOS are to download application maintenance or
enhancements or menu pricing changes and to diagnose PHOS problems. PHCLLC will exercise
the same level of precaution in protecting against unauthorized access to a Pizza Hut Unit’s PHOS
as PHCLLC generally exercises as to a company unit’s PHOS, including any prior written notification
practices. Franchisee promptly will notify PHCLLC if the telephone number changes. In addition, the
preferred primary access method is broadband – i.e. VSAT, DSL or other broadband method.
PHCLLC and/or its affiliate has sourced preferred providers. Broadband connectivity supports Web
Ordering, Overflow Call Center, Integrated Credit Card Processing, email and web browsing. Modem
access is the secondary access, and is required.

        4.     Franchisee will maintain the PHOS in accordance with the Site Environmental
Specifications and otherwise operate it in accordance with this Agreement.

D.      SERVICES. Addendum B, PHOS Services, sets forth support services which must be
obtained for each PHOS, unless otherwise noted in Addendum B. Each service which is not a one-
time service and is provided by PHCLLC, will be provided until the first “January 1” date following
the Effective Date and then continuously renew automatically for additional one (1) year periods until:

         1.       This Agreement is terminated as provided for herein;

       2.       Franchisee notifies PHCLLC of a change in its PHOS Services elections or move to
another vendor at least ninety (90) days before the end of the initial period or then current one (1)
year period; or

         3.     PHCLLC elects not to continue providing such PHOS Service and notifies Franchisee
in writing of this election at which point the PHOS Service will cease to be provided as of six (6)
                                                        4
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
