         11. Immediately surrender to us all computer software, data storage disks or tapes and other
             electronic media used in the operation of the franchised Business, printouts, and other
             information pertaining to computer operations, codes, procedures and programming. You
             agree not to destroy, damage, hide or take any steps to prevent us from obtaining any
             information which you had stored in the computer systems of the franchised Business.
             You agree not to retain any printouts, disks, tapes or other electronic media containing
             any of the programs or data stored in the computer systems.
         12. If you lease your Restaurant Location from a third party and we elect not to assume
             possession of the Restaurant Location and/or elect not to exercise our option under
             Article 25, then promptly upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you agree to
             “de-identify” the Location(s) and Restaurant(s) in all respects by performing all
             redecoration and effecting physical changes to the Location’s(s’) and the Restaurant’s(s’)
             décor, trade dress, color combination, signs and other physical characteristics, as we
             consider necessary in our reasonable business judgment to distinguish the Location from
             a duly authorized Restaurant Location. Without limiting the foregoing, upon our request,
             you will immediately discontinue use of our color scheme (by repainting if necessary) and
             will immediately remove all identifying architectural superstructure (as set forth in the
             plans and specifications for your Restaurant) and other distinguishing structures, décor
             items, furniture, and equipment from your Restaurant(s) hereunder as we may direct, in
             order to effectively distinguish your former System Restaurant(s) and other facilities from
             our proprietary design(s) and trade dress. If you refuse, neglect or fail to do so within
             seven (7) days after written notice, we, in addition to any other remedy we have, have the
             right to enter upon the Location(s) and the Restaurant(s) and effect such required
             changes at your sole risk and expense, and you hereby appoint us or our agents as your
             attorney(s)-in-fact with full authority to do so with no liability for trespass or any other
             illegality.
         13. Sell to us, and we will buy from you, at your cost, all quantities of the secret spices and
             other trade secret items that you have in stock.
         14. Furnish to us an itemized list of all of your advertising and sales promotion materials
             bearing the Pizza Hut Marks relating to your Restaurants under this Agreement, whether
             located at such Restaurants or at any other location under your control. We may, by
             written notice within 30 days after expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement,
             purchase from you all items bearing any of the Pizza Hut Marks. If we exercise this option,
             the purchase price for the items will be the lowest of the fair market value of the items,
             your purchase price for the items, or the book value of the items.

                       25. OUR OPTIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION
25.01 Our Post-Term Purchase Options

Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, we shall have the following
options:
    A. The option, exercisable by giving written notice to you within sixty (60) days from the date of
       such termination or expiration, as applicable, to acquire any or all of the assets of your
       Restaurant(s) from you (subject to any rights of approval retained by the owner of the
       leasehold). We may determine in our sole discretion which assets we wish to purchase on a
       case-by-case basis. You acknowledge and agree that regardless of whether we elect to
       assume your interests in a Lease pursuant to Section 5.02, we shall have no obligation to
       pay you any amount for leasehold improvements made by you to the Location(s) and/or
       Restaurant(s). You also acknowledge and agree that we shall have no obligation under any
                                                        63
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
