          2.2.1   Posting of Menu Items and Prices. Subject to receipt of correct product promotion, description and
pricing information from Franchisee as provided in Section 4.2, Supplier shall accurately post, or provide a way for
Franchisee to post, on the Pizza Hut Web Site the price of Pizza Hut Products and any special menu offerings,
promotions or coupons of Franchisee, as those items are provided to Supplier by Franchisee, and identify the
appropriate Franchisee Customers to whom the Pizza Hut Products and special menu offerings, promotions or
coupons are for sale to, based on correlating the appropriate Franchisee Customer to the designated Franchise
Restaurant Location based on the street map database provided by Franchisee. To facilitate such posting, as of the
Effective Date of this Agreement, Supplier has provided a Stores Administration Portal to Franchisees, and Supplier
shall maintain and update the Stores Administration Portal throughout the Agreement Term. For avoidance of doubt,
Franchisee shall be responsible for the accuracy of the information it posts via the Stores Administration Portal.
         2.2.2    Notices. Supplier shall post on the Pizza Hut Web Site notices specified by Franchisee.
         2.2.3    Estimated Times. Supplier will post notices relaying the estimated time of anticipated delivery or
carry-out that is obtained from Franchisee prior to a Franchisee Customer placing an Order, subject to the mutual
agreement of Franchisee and Supplier as to the method of obtaining the estimated time information during the
customer ordering process. The Parties agree and understand that retrieval of an accurate estimated delivery time
of an Order requires a continuous connection between Supplier and the Franchisee Restaurant Locations. In the
event that a constant or broadband connection is not available, the estimated delivery time shall be presented to the
Franchisee Customer after the Order is deposited in the Franchisee Restaurant Location at no additional charge
other than the Fees set forth in Section 6.1.
         2.2.4     Changes. Supplier shall, at no additional cost to Franchisee, accept, program, implement and post
on a schedule to be determined by mutual agreement (i) any change in the price of Pizza Hut Products, (ii) any
specials or changes in menu offerings, promotions or coupons (collectively, the “Offers”) made by Franchisee, where
such Offers involve Pizza Hut or WingStreet Products and offerings (e.g., not burgers), and (iii) any changesin
notices, including updating the estimated time of anticipated delivery or carry-out that is obtained from Franchisee,
subject to the ability of the Franchisee Restaurant Location’s system and infrastructure to provide this information in
a timely manner to Supplier. In addition, Supplier shall provide Franchisee a tool so that Franchisee may directly
perform some of the tasks set forth in the preceding sentence. The undertaking and obligation of Supplier under this
subsection 2.2.4 shall be limited to textual and graphic changes within the framework of the Site and shall not cover
development work required to present additional page views and/or conditionalized messaging not presently
encompassed in current Site operation. In the event that a continuous connection to the Internet is not available to
the Franchisee Restaurant Location, any and all communications costs that may be related to the collection and or
transfer of this information shall be the responsibility of Franchisee, and if incurred by Supplier shall be reimbursed
by Franchisee on a cost per call plus 20% basis billable and payable every Period.
2.3       Participating Franchisee Restaurants. Franchisee agrees that all Franchisee Restaurant Locations shall
participate in the Internet Order System and receive the Services. Supplier agrees to provide the Services described
in this Agreement to Franchisee Restaurant Locations. Franchisee shall have the right to add Franchisee Restaurant
Locations to the set of Franchisee Restaurant Locations that are receiving the Services, in accordance with the
mechanism provided by this Agreement. Franchisee shall have the right to remove Franchisee Restaurant Locations
from the set of Franchisee Restaurant Locations that are receiving the Services in accordance with the mechanism
provided by this Agreement but only in the event of closure or sale of such facilities. Supplier agrees to provide a
mechanism for Franchisee to implement in Real-time any such addition or removal of Franchisee Restaurant
Locations to the Pizza Hut Digital System pursuant to receipt of notice from Franchisee. If a Franchisee Restaurant
Location is removed from the Pizza Hut Digital System, Supplier agrees to immediately place a notice, in a form
acceptable to Franchisee, on the Pizza Hut Digital System notifying a Franchisee Customer that the Franchisee
Restaurant Location serving the Franchisee Customer’s geographic area is not currently accepting on-line Internet
ordering via Supplier and notifying the Franchisee Customer of an alternative method of ordering from the Franchisee
Restaurant Location in the manner designated in writing by Franchisee and delivered to Supplier not less than five
(5) days prior to the effective date of removal.
2.4      Orders, Transmission, Verification and Confirmation.
                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                          7
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
