         you and such others covenant never to advance or pursue any such claim for punitive
         damages. You and such others agree that in the event of a dispute, you and such others
         shall be limited to the recovery from us and the Franchisor Parties of any actual damages
         sustained by you or them. You covenant to secure from any of your Related Persons which
         do not execute this Agreement his/her/its execution of a writing specified by us, in the Brand
         Standards or otherwise, irrevocably confirming the applicability to them of the provisions of
         this Section 36.03, in such manner and by such time we reasonably specify.
36.04 No Consolidated or Class Actions

You and your Related Persons may only pursue any claim you have against us or the other
Franchisor Parties in an individual legal action or proceeding. Neither you nor any other of your
Related Persons shall join or combine its/their legal action or proceeding in any manner with any
action or claim of any other Pizza Hut franchisee, franchise owner, franchisee guarantor or other
claimant, nor will you or any of your Related Persons maintain any action or proceeding against us
and/or the other Franchisor Parties in a class action, whether as a representative or as a member of
a class or purported class, nor will you or any other Related Person seek to consolidate, or consent
to the consolidation of, all or part of any action or proceeding by any of them against us or the other
Franchisor Parties with any other litigation against us or such other Franchisor Parties.
36.05 Limitation on Actions

Any and all legal actions or proceedings brought by you and/or your Related Persons against us or
the other Franchisor Parties arising out of or related to this Agreement or any related agreement;
any breach of this Agreement or any related agreement; the relations between such parties; and,
any and all disputes between such parties, whether sounding in law or equity, must be commenced
within two years from the occurrence of the acts, errors and/or omissions giving rise to such legal
action or proceeding or within two years from the date on which you (and/or your Related Persons)
knew or should have known, in the exercise of reasonable diligence, of the facts giving rise to such
action or proceeding, whichever occurs first. If not, then you irrevocably covenant and agree that
such action or proceeding shall be barred.
36.06 Mediation

All disputes between us and you relating to this Agreement which have not been the subject of any
theretofore commenced litigation, arbitration, mediation or other dispute resolution proceeding will
be submitted to mediation under the National Franchise Mediation Program administered by the CPR
International Institute for Conflict Prevention & Resolution (“CPR”) (or, if that program is discontinued,
any successor program or the nearest available substitute). The mediation shall be conducted by a
mediator agreed upon by us and you and, failing such agreement within fifteen (15) days after either
party has notified the other of its desire to seek mediation, by the CPR in accordance with its rules
governing mediation. Mediation shall be held at a neutral location agreed to by the parties in the city
in which our then-current principal place of business is located. The costs and expenses of
mediation, including the compensation and expenses of the mediator (but excluding attorneys’ fees
incurred by either party), shall be borne by the parties equally. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 36.06, our and your agreement to mediate shall not apply to controversies,
disputes or claims related to or based on the Pizza Hut Marks, the Confidential Information, or
monies owed. This Section 36.06 applies only to disputes that are specific to you and not to issues
that affect our franchisees generally. No action for a temporary, preliminary or other provisional
injunction by us may be stayed pending mediation, but once a temporary, preliminary or other
provisional injunction (pending the outcome of the dispute) is granted, the issues underlying the
dispute will be submitted to mediation in accordance with this Section 36.06.


                                                        73
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
