         13. You purchase any proprietary programs, products or services from us or our affiliates, or
             purchase from us, our affiliates or any third party non-proprietary goods, programs,
             products or services pursuant to a Systemwide Supply Contract we negotiate, and you
             use, divert, sell or otherwise exploit such programs, products or services for the benefit
             of any other individual, entity or business.
         14. You fail to comply with any other requirement imposed by this Agreement or our Brand
             Standards, or otherwise fail to carry out the terms of this Agreement in good faith.
23.04 Description of Default

The description of any default in any notice that we transmit to you will in no way preclude us from
specifying additional or supplemental defaults under this Agreement or any related agreements in
any action, proceeding, hearing or lawsuit relating to this Agreement, the termination of this
Agreement, the termination of rights with respect to any specific System Restaurant embraced
hereunder, or the termination of any other franchise agreement between the parties hereto.
23.05 Cross Default

Subject to Section 23.10, any default or breach by you and/or your Related Persons of the Lease for
the Restaurant Location(s), or any other agreement between us or our affiliates (excluding any
affiliate which administers a separate franchise network) and you and/or your Related Persons will
be deemed a default under this Agreement, and any default or breach of this Agreement by you
and/or such other parties will be deemed a default or breach under any and all such other
agreements between us or our affiliates and you and/or your Related Persons. If the nature of the
default under any other agreement would have permitted us (or our affiliate) to terminate this
Agreement if the default had occurred under this Agreement, then we will have the right to terminate
all such other agreements in the same manner provided for in this Agreement for termination hereof.
23.06 Continuance of Business Relations

Any continuance of business relations between you and us after the termination or expiration of this
Agreement, or the termination or expiration of rights with respect to any specific System
Restaurant(s) embraced by this Agreement, will not constitute, and may not be construed as, a
reinstatement, renewal, extension or continuation of this Agreement unless you and we agree in
writing to any such renewal, extension or continuation.
23.07 Notice Required By Law

If any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent governmental authority with jurisdiction over
this Agreement or the parties to this Agreement limits our rights to terminate this Agreement or
requires longer notice or cure periods than those set forth above, then this Agreement will be
considered modified to conform to the minimum notice, cure periods or restrictions upon termination
required by such laws and regulations. We will not, however, be precluded from contesting the
validity, enforceability or application of the laws or regulations in any action, proceeding, hearing or
dispute relating to this Agreement or the termination of this Agreement.
23.08 Our Right to Send Notifications of Termination

Before or on the expiration or termination of this Agreement, we may give notice that the System
Restaurant is leaving the System and take any other action related to customers, suppliers and all
other individuals or entities affected by such expiration or termination or which require or desire an
identification of our System Restaurants.


                                                        60
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
