         It is the intention of these provisions that any person or entity having any legal or beneficial
interest in or traceable to, down or through me be bound by the provisions of this covenant, including
(without limitation) my spouse, brother, brother-in-law, sister, sister-in-law, parents, parents-in-law,
child, son-in-law or daughter-in-law; any direct or indirect beneficiary of mine; and, any other related
person or entity, regardless of how many levels or tiers there may be between any such described
person or entity and me. I further agree that upon the expiration or termination of my term of
employment/service/association, I will immediately refrain from any and all contacts with customers,
for any purpose whatsoever.
         I acknowledge that violation of the covenants not to compete contained in this
agreement would result in immediate and irreparable injury to Franchisor and Franchisee for
which no adequate remedy at law will be available. Accordingly, I hereby consent to the entry
of an injunction procured by Franchisor or Franchisee (or both) prohibiting any conduct by
me in violation of the terms of those covenants not to compete and/or restrictions on the use
of Confidential Information set forth in this agreement. I expressly agree that it may
conclusively be presumed in any legal action that any violation of the terms of these
covenants not to compete was accomplished by and through my unlawful utilization of
Franchisor’s Confidential Information. Further, I expressly agree that any claims I may have
against Franchisor will not constitute a defense to Franchisor’s enforcement of the covenants
not to compete set forth in this agreement. I further agree to pay all costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees) incurred by Franchisor in connection with
the enforcement of those covenants not to compete set forth in this agreement.
         If all or any portion of this covenant not to use Confidential Information and not to compete is
held unreasonable, void, vague or illegal by any court or agency having valid jurisdiction in an
unappealed final decision to which Franchisee and/or Franchisor is a party, the court or agency will
be empowered to revise and/or construe the covenant to fall within permissible legal limits, and
should not invalidate the entire covenant. I expressly agree to be bound by any lesser covenant
subsumed within the terms of this agreement as if the resulting covenant were separately stated in
and made a part of this agreement.
         I agree that this agreement and all relations and disputes between myself on the one hand,
and Franchisee or Franchisor on the other hand, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise,
are to be exclusively construed in accordance with and/or governed by (as applicable) the law of the
State of Texas without recourse to Texas (or any other) choice of law or conflicts of law principles. If
Franchisor’s principal headquarters moves to another state, I understand that the state’s law that is
designated as governing, again without recourse to that state’s (or any other) choice of law or
conflicts of law principles, may be changed upon written notice to me. If, however, any provision of
this agreement would not be enforceable under the laws of Texas, and if Franchisee’s franchised
business is located outside of Texas and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the
state in which Franchisee’s franchised business is located, then the provision (and only that
provision) will be interpreted and construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this agreement
is intended to invoke the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, “implied
covenant”, unfair competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the State of Texas or any other
state, which would not otherwise apply.
         I further agree that any litigation arising out of or related to this agreement; any breach of this
agreement; and, all relations and any and all disputes between myself on the one hand, and
Franchisee or Franchisor on the other hand, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise, will be
instituted exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in Collin County, Texas. I agree that any
dispute as to the venue for this litigation will be submitted to and resolved exclusively by a court of
competent jurisdiction situated in Collin County, Texas.



                                                        3
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
