                                 Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC and Subsidiary
                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                 December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024
                                     (all tabular amounts in thousands)

(1) Description of the Business
   Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC (the “Company”) was formed as a single-member, Delaware Limited Liability
   Company on November 30, 2016. The Company is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pizza Hut Holdings,
   LLC, (the “Parent”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc. (“YUM”). The Company was
   established to guarantee the performance of the duties and obligations of Pizza Hut, LLC, (“PH LLC”)
   under its franchise registration in each U.S. state where the franchise is registered, and under its Franchise
   Agreement identified in its 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document, as it may be amended, and as that
   Franchise Agreement may be entered into with franchisees and amended, modified or extended from
   time-to-time. The guarantee provided by the Company continues until all such obligations of PH LLC under
   its franchise registrations and the Franchise Agreement are satisfied, or until the liability of PH LLC to its
   franchisees under the Franchise Agreement has been completely discharged, whichever first occurs.

   On January 23, 2017, the Parent contributed PH LLC to the Company. As a result of the contribution, the
   Company became the sole member and manager of PH LLC, which owns all domestic Pizza Hut franchise,
   license and development agreements and substantially all of Pizza Hut’s intellectual property in the United
   States. The Company recorded a capital contribution within Member’s equity equal to the carrying value of
   Pizza Hut LLC’s net assets of $24.4 million as of January 23, 2017. All contributions of PH LLC net assets
   were accounted for at their respective book values as the contribution was a transaction under common
   control.

   The activities of PH LLC include but are not limited to:

   •   acting as the franchisor under existing U.S. franchise agreements;
   •   entering into new franchise agreements and other related agreements with U.S. franchisees; and
   •   maintaining one or more capital accounts and any funds on deposit therein.

   The Company is required to maintain a minimum net worth of $15 million in order to qualify for the large
   franchisor exemption under certain state U.S. franchise registration laws. As of December 29, 2025, the
   Company had $69.1 million of net worth reflected as Member’s equity within its Consolidated Balance
   Sheet.

   The terms “franchise” or “franchisee” within these Consolidated Financial Statements are meant to describe
   third parties that operate units under either franchise or license agreements and PH LLC affiliated
   restaurants operating under franchise agreements.



(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
   (a) Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation
       The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with
       Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and include the
       accounts of the Company and its subsidiary PH LLC. lntercompany accounts and transactions have
       been eliminated in consolidation. The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements include the
       results of operations and cash flows of PH LLC for fifty-two weeks for 2025, fifty-three weeks for 2024
       and, fifty-two weeks for 2023.

       The Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest, the usual condition of
       which is ownership of a majority voting interest. The Company also considers for consolidation an
       entity, in which the Company has certain interests, where the controlling financial interest may be


                                                      7
