Advertising
System Advertising Fund
   You must contribute 4.75% of the prior month’s Gross Sales of each of your System
Restaurants to the System Advertising Fund (the “Fund”). (Location Franchise Agreement,
Section 19.03.)
    We are a successor party to an agreement dated March 31, 1975, with the International Pizza
Hut Franchise Holders Association (“IPHFHA”) concerning advertising for System Restaurants
(the "Advertising Committee Agreement"). So long as the Advertising Committee Agreement is in
effect, you must join and remain a member of IPHFHA; comply with its constitution, bylaws, rules
and regulations; and timely pay the dues that IPHFHA assesses its members for contribution to
the Fund (as administered by the Advertising Committee under the Advertising Committee
Agreement). The amount that you pay in dues to IPHFHA for Fund contributions will be credited,
dollar for dollar, toward your Fund contribution requirements under the Location Franchise
Agreement. We will remit to IPHFHA any Fund contributions paid to us. You must agree to
exercise all of your voting power in IPHFHA to implement a Fund contribution rate no lower than
4.75% of your System Restaurants’ prior month’s Gross Sales (i.e., you may not vote to lower
your Fund contribution below this threshold).
    Currently, all advertising of the Pizza Hut System in the United States is centrally administered
nationwide by the Advertising Committee. The Advertising Committee may determine to allocate
some, all or none of the Fund contributions to any form of media, including national media;
regional media; local media; social media; or any other blend of advertising, marketing, promotion
and public relations it determines. The Advertising Committee directs all advertising programs
with sole control over the creative concepts, materials and media used in such programs, and the
placement and allocation of Fund advertising. The Advertising Committee currently advertises
using print, radio, television, digital and social media with local, regional and national coverage,
and may employ both an in-house advertising department and national or regional advertising
agencies.
    The Fund is intended to further general public recognition and acceptance of the Pizza Hut
Marks for the benefit of the System. We and the Advertising Committee undertake no obligation
in administering the Fund to make expenditures for you which are equivalent or proportionate to
your contributions, to ensure that any particular franchisee benefits directly or pro rata from the
placement of advertising or to ensure that any advertising impacts or penetrates your market area.
The Fund is not a trust and neither we nor the Advertising Committee is a fiduciary with respect
to the Fund.
    We or our affiliates contribute an amount to the Fund that is proportionate to the number of
company-owned System Restaurants that are operating. Neither the Advertising Committee nor
we need to expend contributions to the Fund in the same year that they are received. Ours and
the Advertising Committee’s good faith decisions regarding expenditures of the Fund will be final
and binding (though we and the Advertising Committee may, in our sole discretion, seek input
from you and/or other franchisees regarding expenditures of the Fund). If the Advertising
Committee (or we) do not spend all Fund contributions within the fiscal year in which they are
collected, the Advertising Committee (or we) carries the excess funds over to its next fiscal year.
The Advertising Committee (or we) will not use any of the Fund monies for soliciting sales of
franchises or licenses.
    The Advertising Committee is audited annually, and the financial statements are distributed
to the franchisees.



                                                 31
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
