         19. That we approve the proposed transferee’s contemplated Qualified Operator(s) to serve
             as such following the subject Transfer.
         20. That neither the proposed transferee, nor any of its affiliates (including their directors and
             officers), owners or the funding sources for any of them, is a Restricted Person.
    B. You expressly agree that your obligation to indemnify and hold harmless us and the other
       Franchisor Parties under Section 14.01 of this Agreement extends to and includes liabilities
       arising from or relating to, directly or indirectly, any statements, representations or warranties
       that you may give to or receive from any proposed transferee and/or any claim that you (and
       your owners, Qualified Operator, management or employees) or your transferee engaged in
       fraud, deceit, violation of franchise laws or other illegality in connection with the negotiation
       or consummation of the Transfer. As with all other indemnification obligations set forth in this
       Agreement, this specific indemnification obligation will survive the termination or expiration
       of this Agreement.

    C. You further understand and agree that our approval of any Transfer will not constitute our
       waiver of any claims against you by us or our affiliates, under this Agreement or otherwise.

    D. The provisions of Section 18.02 through Section 18.04 pertain to any lease, management
       agreement or other agreement which would have the effect of transferring any material asset
       or control of all or any part of the operations of your franchised Business and/or Restaurant(s)
       to any third party. Any such agreement must first be approved by us in writing. We will not
       unreasonably withhold our approval, but our approval may be denied if such agreement is on
       terms materially different from those which would result from arms-length negotiations or if
       we determine that the fees payable under such agreement are excessive. Any such
       agreement and any party thereto who, as a result of the agreement, may directly or indirectly
       be involved in the ownership of the assets or operations of the franchised Business must
       meet such standards and conditions as we have put in place at the time you request our
       consent.

    E. Any Transfer of a System Restaurant or a Controlling Ownership Interest in you, any of your
       affiliates that Control you, or any System Restaurants may be made only with at least 30
       days’ advance notice to us and our prior written consent in accordance with the terms and
       conditions of this Section 18.04.
18.05 Transfer by You – Transfer Upon Death, Disability or Retirement

    A. You must at all times have in place a succession plan that we approve in accordance with
       the standards set forth in this Article, elsewhere in this Agreement, in our Brand Standards
       or otherwise, articulating the succession of ownership rights and interests upon your owners’
       death, disability, or retirement from the franchised Business. If no such approved succession
       plan exists, the protocol described herein shall take effect.

    B. Upon the death or disability of one or more of your owners (but not the last surviving owner,
       which is addressed in the following paragraph), then the estate, heirs, legatees, guardians or
       representatives of such owner may freely sell, assign or otherwise Transfer the deceased’s
       or disabled’s interest in this Agreement and/or its interest in the franchised Business to any
       of the following: (i) the spouse of such individual; (ii) any individual or entity which, at the time
       of the subject death or disability, is already a (as applicable) Controlling shareholder,
       member, partner or other category of owner of your franchised Business; or, (iii) the
       franchised Business itself. Any other sale, assignment or other Transfer of the deceased’s or
       disabled’s Ownership Interest in you or your franchised Business shall be subject to all of the
                                                        42
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
