       Amended and Restated Online Order Agreement for Pizza Hut Franchisees
A. This Online Order Agreement for Pizza Hut Franchisees (the “Agreement”) contains additional terms and
   conditions binding upon National Systems, LLC (“National Systems”) and its affiliate, QuikOrder, LLC
   (“QuikOrder,” and together with National Systems, the “Supplier”) and the franchisee designated as the
   “Company” on Schedule 1 that is a part of this Agreement (the “Franchisee”) with regard to the provision of
   Services (below defined) by Supplier to Franchisee. National Systems and QuikOrder are both wholly owned by
   Pizza Hut Connect, LLC (“PHC LLC”), an affiliate of PHI (defined below).
B. By signing this Agreement, Franchisee adopts the terms and conditions set forth under the (i) Amended and
   Restated Information Technology Master Services Agreement dated January 1, 2016, by and between Pizza
   Hut, LLC, f/k/a Pizza Hut, Inc. (“PHI” or “PHLLC”), and National Systems, f/k/a National Systems Corporation
   (“Amended and Restated MSA”) and the (ii) Amended and Restated Statement of Work dated January 1, 2016,
   by and between Pizza Hut, LLC and National Systems, f/k/a National Systems Corporation (collectively referred
   to herein as the “Amended and Restated SOW”). The Amended and Restated MSA and the Amended and
   Restated SOW are collectively referred to herein as the “PH Master Agreements”).
C. This Franchisee Agreement is subject to and incorporates by reference the provisions of the PH Master
   Agreements. All capitalized terms not defined in this Franchisee Agreement have the meaning given to such
   terms in the PH Master Agreements.
D. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the PH Master Agreements and this Franchisee
   Agreement, the PH Master Agreements governs and controls in all respects.
TERM OF ENGAGEMENT:
       Effective Date:  Upon Franchisee’s date of signature
       Expiration Date: As set forth in Section 13.1 of this Agreement.
QUIKORDER APPLICATION AND TECHNOLOGY:
Supplier represents and warrants that the features and functionality to be provided to Franchisee under this
Agreement will be provided through QuikOrder, which is an affiliate of National Systems. Supplier shall obtain from
QuikOrder, and shall maintain throughout the Term of this Agreement, all permissions, rights, licenses, service level
agreements, warranties, and commitments necessary for Supplier to provide the features, functionality, services and
technology to Franchisee in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Further, Supplier shall be solely
responsible for all fees and payments owed to QuikOrder for such permissions, rights, licenses, service level
agreements, warranties, and commitments.
ARTICLE 1 – DEFINITIONS
1.1     “Affiliate” means a company controlling, controlled by, or under common control with an entity due to
ownership or common ownership interests.
1.2     “APIs” means the application program interfaces created and maintained by Supplier that facilitate third-party
integrations to the Pizza Hut Digital System.
1.3     “Base Services Transaction Fees” means the fee per Order that Supplier will charge PH Digico LLC, as
further set forth in Section 6.1.1 below.
1.4    “Bundled Transaction Fees” means those fees charged to Pizza Hut of America, LLC and Company by PH
Digico LLC in connection with the design, procurement, development, provision, licensure, maintenance, or other
use of digital technology and innovation, including all features and functionality required in connection with Pizza
Hut Brand Standards, as further set forth in Section 6.1.2 below.
1.5     “Competitor” means any entity, or its Affiliate or franchisees, that is principally in the business of producing
pizzas for dine-in, take-out or delivery.

                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                           3
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
