CALIFORNIA
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE
DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT.
The California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation requires that certain
provisions contained in franchise documents be amended to be consistent with California
law, including the California Franchise Investment Law, CAL. CORP. CODE Section
31000 et seq., and the California Franchise Relations Act, CAL. BUS. & PROF. CODE
Section 20000 et seq. To the extent that the franchise disclosure document and/or
Franchise Agreement contain provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such
provisions are hereby amended:
The following is added to Item 3 of the disclosure document:
         Neither PHLLC, nor any person identified in Item 2 of the disclosure document, is
         subject to any current effective order of any national securities association or
         national securities exchange as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
         U.S.C.A., 78a et. seq., suspending or expelling such persons from membership in
         such association or exchange.
Item 17 of the disclosure document is supplemented by the following:
         California Business and Professions Code, Sections 20000 through 20043,
         provide rights to the franchisee concerning termination, transfer, or non-renewal of
         a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent
         with the law, the law will control.
         You must sign a release if you renew or transfer your franchisee. California
         Corporations Code voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment
         Law (California Corporations Code 31000 through 31516). Business and
         Professions Code 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise
         Relations Act (Business and Professions Code 20000 through 20043).
         The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that extends
         beyond the expiration or termination of the Agreement. This provision may not be
         enforceable under California law.
         Certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable under California Civil Code
         Section 1671.
         The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Texas. This provision
         may not be enforceable under California law.
         The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This
         provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. § 101
         et seq.).
         The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at
         our then-current principal place of business with the costs being borne by equally
         by the parties, unless rules for special hearings require otherwise. Prospective
         franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the
         applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions
         Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal
         Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a
         forum outside the state of California.
                                              1
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-2 - State Addenda
1334.003.003/442897
