   1.9. “HutBot” has the meaning given to it within the Order Form.

   1.10.     “HutBot Activation Date” means the date that the Licensed Locations are activated on HutBot,
       as determined by Pizza Hut at its absolute and sole discretion.

   1.11.    “Licensed Locations” means each and every Pizza Hut store owned and/or operated by the
       Customer and/or an Affiliate of the Customer.

   1.12.      “Malicious Code” means viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses and other harmful or
       malicious code, files, scripts, agents or programs.

   1.13.      “Order Form” means a Pizza Hut order form completed and signed by the Customer requesting
       the supply of Services. Each such Order Form will be deemed incorporated herein and will form part of
       this Agreement.

   1.14.      “Services” means the Digital Program or product(s) listed on one or more Order Forms , including,
       without limitation, all support services, corrections, updates, modifications, releases, versions, and
       enhancements to such product(s) that may hereafter be generally released or provided by Pizza Hut
       during the Term.

   1.15.      “Term” means the period of time specified within Clause 12.1 of this Agreement.

   1.16.       “Users” means individuals who are authorized by Customer to use the Services, for whom
       subscriptions to the Services have been purchased by Customer, and who have been supplied user
       identifications and passwords by Customer (or by Pizza Hut at Customer’s request). Users are limited
       to franchisees, outlets, employees, consultants, contractors and agents of Customer and Customer’s
       Affiliates in the Licensed Location(s).

2. Grant of License.

   2.1. Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Pizza Hut hereby grants to Customer a
        limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, and nontransferable license,
        during the Term to permit the Users (a) access and to use the Services via the internet, and (b) use the
        Documentation provided by Pizza Hut. Customer agrees that its purchase of User subscription(s) for
        the Services is neither contingent upon the delivery of any future functionality or features nor dependent
        upon any oral or written public comments made by Pizza Hut with respect to future functionality or
        features.

   2.2. Additional Restrictions. The license granted in Section 2.1 above is conditioned upon Customer’s
        strict compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement including, without limitation, the
        following terms and conditions: (a) Customer may use the Services for Customer’s own business
        purposes at the Licensed Locations only as contemplated by this Agreement and not for any business
        services outsourced by Customer; (b) Customer cannot share User subscriptions with other Users
        outside of the Licensed Location(s); (c) Customer will not (i) permit any third party to access the Services
        except as permitted by this Agreement, or (ii) license, sublicense, sell, resell, rent, lease, transfer,
        distribute, use the Services for commercial timesharing, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services;
        (d) Customer will not create derivative works based on the Services or cause or permit others to; (e)
        Customer will not modify, reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, or decompile the Services, or cause
        or permit others to do so; (f) Customer will not copy, frame or mirror any content forming part of the
        Services, other than on Customer's own intranets or otherwise for its own internal business purposes;
        (g) Customer will not access the Services in order to (i) build a competitive product or service, or (ii)
        copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Services; and (h) Customer will not remove any
        title, trademark, copyright and/or restricted rights notices or labels from the Services or Documentation.

   2.3. Reserved Rights. Pizza Hut hereby reserves all rights in and to the Services not expressly granted in
        this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement will limit in any way Pizza Hut right to develop, use, license,
        create derivative works of, or otherwise exploit the Services or to permit third parties to do so.

3. Use of Services.
