Competition and Regulation
    System Restaurants compete with a wide variety of national and local businesses, including
other national and local pizza parlors, pizza delivery businesses, fried chicken wing businesses,
other quick service restaurants, and (in a broad sense) all restaurant businesses. Competition in
the restaurant business is generally intense.
    A variety of regulations, laws, and ordinances govern the operation of a restaurant business.
Examples include laws relating to the sale of alcoholic beverages, health and sanitation codes,
driver regulations; state and local codes and ordinances covering the discharge of waste and
emissions; state laws concerning extended producer liability (concerning food service ware and/or
food packaging materials) that may impose reporting requirements, fees, and other obligations,
and state laws, rules and regulations regarding recyclability, compostability, and/or minimum post-
consumer recycled content requirements; laws, rules, and regulations concerning “Truth in Menu”
(concerning menu item names and product labeling); laws, rules, and regulations concerning
“Menu Labeling” (requiring nutritional information on menus, menu boards, and products); laws,
rules, and regulations concerning nutritional claims; and the Americans with Disabilities Act
(“ADA”). There may be other laws applicable to your Restaurant, and we urge you to make further
inquiries about these laws. You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations
in the operation of your Restaurant and its Restaurants. In addition, the laws, rules, and
regulations which apply to businesses in general will affect you. Consult your lawyer about all
these laws, rules, and regulations.
                                             ITEM 2
                                   BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

Chief Executive Officer: Aaron Powell

    Mr. Powell is based in Plano, Texas and was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of PHLLC
in September 2021. Mr. Powell previously served as the President of the APAC Division of
Kimberly-Clark from March 2020 to September 2021 and was based in Singapore.

President: Juan Carlos Loredo

    Mr. Loredo is based in Plano, Texas and was appointed as President of PHLLC in June 2024.
Mr. Loredo previously served as the Global Chief Marketing Officer of Wendy's from March 2023
to May 2024, and its US Chief Marketing Officer from June 2019 to March 2023, and was based
in Dublin, Ohio.

Chief Operations Officer: TJ Wolfersberger

    Mr. Wolfersberger is based in Plano, Texas and was appointed as Chief Operations Officer of
PHLLC in July 2024. From May 2024 to July 2024, he served as Senior Vice President of
Gregory's Coffee, in New York, New York. Prior to that, he was employed by Starbucks as its
Regional Vice President from August 2023 to May 2024, and its Regional Director from July 2016
to July 2023, both based in Washington, D.C.

Chief Marketing Officer: Melissa Friebe

    Ms. Friebe is based in Plano, Texas and was appointed as Chief Marketing Officer of PHLLC
in June 2024. Prior to that, Ms. Friebe was employed by Taco Bell and served as its Chief Product

                                                 7
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
