         1.       The following information and materials are Trade Secrets of PHCLLC:

                a.      The SUS/FMS Software, application, functional and technical design, screen
layouts, all user and functional documentation, and all training materials;

              b.     Information pertaining to the Technical Specifications and the factors used to
determine the Technical Specifications; and

                  c.       Information identified by PHCLLC as being proprietary, confidential, and/or a
trade secret.

                  d.       The terms and conditions of this Agreement.

         2.       Trade Secrets will not include the following:

               a.     Information which is in the public domain as of the Effective Date or which
later comes into the public domain from a source other than Franchisee; and

                 b.    Information which comes to Franchisee from a bona fide third party source
having the right to freely disclose such information to Franchisee without restrictions or obligations
of confidentiality.

        3.     PHCLLC has spent substantial time and money in developing and assembling the
Trade Secrets. The Trade Secrets give PHCLLC an advantage over competitors who do not know
or use the Trade Secrets.

        4.        Franchisee will keep secret and never disclose the Trade Secrets.

       5.      Franchisee will limit access to the Trade Secrets only to those employees of
Franchisee for whom the scope of their employment at Franchisee requires that they need to know
the Trade Secrets to perform their job. Franchisee will inform all its employees who may come in
contact with the Trade Secrets of the provisions of this Section.

       6.      Except with the prior, express written consent of PHCLLC, Franchisee will not
disclose the Trade Secrets to any independent contractor engaged by Franchisee.

        7.        The provisions of this Section will survive the termination of this Agreement.

J.                NONCOMPETITION WITH THE PHOS SOFTWARE. During the term of this
Agreement and for one (1) year following its termination, Franchisee will neither develop software
that performs the same functions as the SUS/FMS Software, nor engage any entity not a party to
this Agreement to develop software that performs the same functions as the SUS/FMS Software.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section, nothing in this Section will restrict
Franchisee from lawfully obtaining software that performs the same functions as the SUS/FMS
Software from an entity not a party to this Agreement if, and only if, such entity lawfully possesses
such software and has the right to provide such software to Franchisee.

K.               LICENSES OF OTHER SOFTWARE. In addition to the SUS/FMS Software,
PHCLLC, in its sole discretion, may choose to offer to Franchisee software that is not owned by
PHCLLC. If such software is offered to and accepted by Franchisee, Franchisee will execute the

                                                        8
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
