    B. Except as authorized in this Agreement, you agree never to copy, duplicate, record or
       otherwise reproduce any of the Confidential Information, in whole or in part; otherwise share
       it with any other third party individual or entity; store it in a computer or other electronic format;
       or, otherwise make it available to any third party by any other means whatsoever. Upon the
       expiration or termination of this Agreement, you agree to return to us such Confidential
       Information as we request (including customer lists and records; all training materials and
       other instructional content; financial and non-financial books and records; the Brand
       Standards; and, computer databases, software and manuals) which is then in your
       possession or, upon our request, destroy all or certain such Confidential Information and
       certify such destruction to us. It is specifically understood that all customer lists or information
       adduced by your franchised Business is our property, not yours, and you shall never contend
       otherwise.

    C. You must only divulge such Confidential Information to your operational personnel as is
       necessary for each to perform his/her functions and then only on a “need to know” basis. You
       agree to take all necessary precautions to ensure that these individuals maintain the
       Confidential Information in confidence and comply with the confidentiality provisions of this
       Agreement. You agree to take all necessary precautions to ensure that these individuals no
       longer have access to the Confidential Information or any systems used in the operation of
       your franchised Restaurants (e.g. the PH Restaurant Technology Suite). You agree to
       procure execution of our Confidentiality Agreement attached as Appendix I-2 to this
       Agreement from your Qualified Operators, your Restaurant managers, and all directors,
       officers, and other management personnel.

    D. You acknowledge that any violation of the foregoing confidentiality requirements, restrictions
       and prohibitions would result in immediate and irreparable injury to us for which no adequate
       remedy at law will be available. Accordingly, you consent to the entry of an injunction
       prohibiting any conduct by you in violation of the terms of the foregoing restrictions,
       prohibitions and requirements concerning Confidential Information without the necessity of
       our posting bond or any other security. You waive all defenses you may otherwise have to
       equitable relief for this purpose and expressly agree that any claims you may have against
       us or our affiliates, whether or not arising from this Agreement, will not constitute a defense
       to our enforcement of the foregoing Confidential Information provisions. You agree to pay all
       costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees, which we incur in
       connection with the enforcement of the foregoing restrictions, prohibitions and requirements
       pertaining to Confidential Information.

    E. The within restrictions, prohibitions and requirements pertaining to Confidential Information
       shall survive the expiration, termination or Transfer of this Agreement (or the Transfer of the
       Business to which this Agreement relates), or any interest herein or therein, and shall be
       perpetually binding on you and all of your Related Persons.
21.02 In-Term Covenant Not to Compete

    A. During the Term of this Agreement, you and your Related Persons may not (without our prior
       written consent) Directly or Indirectly, individually or as a partner, joint venturer, shareholder,
       officer, creditor, director, employee, trustee, or agent of an organization, own, operate,
       finance, or provide consulting services to any business (other than a System Restaurant
       operated pursuant to this Agreement or any other Franchise Agreement between you or your
       Related Persons and us) engaged in the production or sale (at wholesale or retail) of any
       pizza, pasta or other food items similar to Approved Products (including any chicken products


                                                        51
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
