5.2      Equipment. Supplier shall not share or use server(s) or storage media that retains Franchisee specific
information such as the Pizza Hut Digital System or Franchisee Database, with a Competitor, any other customer of
Supplier, or any other third party. Franchisee acknowledges that tape drives, storage media or connections used for
backup or development purposes under certain circumstances may be shared by other parties and that such backup
sharing shall not constitute a breach of this section.
ARTICLE 6 – FEES AND EXPENSES
6.1      Fees.
         6.1.1. Base Services Transaction Fee. Supplier will invoice Digico (below defined) a fee based on the
                number of Orders that Supplier processes (the “Base Services Transaction Fee”). The Base Services
                Transaction Fee will compensate Supplier for the Services provided hereunder, with the exception
                of: (i) the Development Teams identified in Section 6.3 of the Amended and Restated SOW and, (ii)
                any work performed pursuant to a Project-Based SOW, as further detailed in Section 6.3 of the
                Amended and Restated SOW.
                 6.1.1.1    Intentionally Omitted.
                 6.1.1.2    Following Full Deployment, the Base Services Transaction Fee shall be $0.17 per Order for
                            any Order processed via the Pizza Hut Digital System hosted on the Phoenix Platform.
                 6.1.1.3    The Base Services Transaction Fee is subject to an adjustment (either a reduction in, or
                            addition to) based upon an annual (year-end) review by PHI and Supplier (please see
                            Section 6.4 of this Agreement for further information on potential adjustment to Base
                            Services Transaction Fee). If such Base Services Transaction Fee is adjusted or modified
                            between PHI and Supplier, then the Base Services Transaction Fee shall be automatically
                            adjusted or modified between Franchisee and Supplier under this Agreement (in other
                            words, any modification to the Base Services Transaction Fee between PHI and Supplier
                            under the Amended and Restated SOW shall simultaneously be reflected in this
                            Agreement.)
                 For the purpose of this Section 6.1.1, Order shall include orders which fail to transmit to the store but
                 execute the process as set forth in Schedule A of the Amended and Restated SOW and such
                 transmission failures are not due, in whole or in part, to a failure on Supplier’s part. A $0.05 surcharge
                 will be added to the Base Fee for each Order that is routed to a Franchise Restaurant Location over
                 a dial-up connection.
         6.1.2. Bundled Transaction Fees. PH Digico LLC (“Digico”) will charge, and Franchisee will pay, a Bundled
                Transaction Fee (otherwise known as a Digital Innovation Fee) for each Order processed by Supplier.
                The Bundled Transaction Fee shall cover costs and projected expenses associated with products
                and services provided or obtained in connection with state-of-the-art digital, e-commerce, and other
                modern ordering capabilities, platforms, “apps” and other now or hereafter developed infrastructure,
                tools, systems and analytics (“Digital Innovation”) for the benefit of the Pizza Hut System. Such
                Bundled Transaction Fees shall apply to costs including, but not limited to:
                      i.     Payment of transaction fees associated with digital or other automated ordering services,
                             whether provided by third-parties or PHLLC or its affiliates (currently, QuikOrder Base
                             Transaction Fees as defined in the QuikOrder Agreement);
                      ii.    Payment of any fees arising from or related to such digital or other automated ordering
                             services, including for retained resources or project-based work for the benefit of the Pizza
                             Hut System, whether provided by third-parties or PHLLC or its affiliates (including costs
                             associated with QuikOrder Development Teams or Project-Based SOWs as defined in the
                             QuikOrder Agreement);


                                                 QuikOrder, LLC
                                     7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                            12
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
