         restructuring. You expressly waive any and all claims, demands or damages arising from or
         related to such activities.

    C. You also agree that we may purchase, merge, acquire, be acquired by or affiliate with an
       existing competitive or non-competitive franchise or non-franchise network, chain or any
       other business regardless of the location of that other business’ facilities, and that following
       such activity we may (except as provided in Section 3.01) operate, franchise or license those
       other businesses and/or facilities under any names or marks, including the Pizza Hut Marks,
       regardless of the location of these businesses and/or facilities, which may be within your
       Protected Radius or immediately proximate to your Protected Radius.
18.02 Transfer by You – General

    A. You understand and acknowledge that we have entered into this Agreement in reliance on
       and in consideration of the personal skill and qualifications of your Related Persons, and the
       trust and confidence that we repose in your Related Persons, and that this Agreement and
       the franchise conveyed hereunder is therefore personal to you and is your personal
       obligation. Accordingly, except as provided below, neither all nor any part of any Ownership
       Interest in you; your interest in this Agreement; the franchise conveyed hereby; your rights,
       privileges or obligations under this Agreement; the franchised Business; your Restaurant(s);
       transfer, surrender, or loss of the possession, control, or management of your Restaurant(s);
       the ownership of your franchised Business; your Location(s); your Lease(s) (as applicable);
       or, your rights to use the System, Pizza Hut Marks, Confidential Information and/or Brand
       Standards may in whole or in part be sold, assigned or otherwise Transferred in any fashion
       without first obtaining our written consent in accordance with this Article 18 and without first
       complying with our right of first refusal pursuant to Section 18.06 below.

    B. For the avoidance of doubt you may not, without our prior written consent, Transfer or offer
       to Transfer any assets that bear any of the Pizza Hut Marks, except (a) to us or a subsidiary
       or franchisee of ours, or (b) to an established salvage dealer, who destroys or disables the
       assets transferred under your direct supervision. In addition, you may not, without our prior
       written consent, Transfer or offer to Transfer, by public or private auction, or advertise publicly
       for Transfer, any of the furnishings, interior and exterior decor items, supplies, inventory,
       fixtures, equipment, smallwares, or other personal property used in connection with your
       System Restaurants.

    C. Any actual or attempted assignment, sale or other Transfer by you of all or any part of this
       Agreement, the franchise conveyed hereunder, the franchised Business, your franchised
       Restaurant(s), any Ownership Interest in you, any of the other interests, rights or privileges
       identified in the preceding paragraph, or any interest in any of these, in violation of the terms
       of this Article 18, will be null, void and of no effect except that it will be a material and incurable
       breach of this Agreement which, unless we waive to the breach, will entitle us to terminate
       this Agreement immediately.
18.03 Transfer by You – Certain Permitted Transfers

    A. A Transfer by you by means of an assignment, issuance or redemption of any Ownership
       interest in you is permitted to a Person that is (i) already a (as applicable) shareholder,
       member, partner or other category of owner of your franchised Business; (ii) the spouse of
       such individual; (iii) a trust, a will, family partnership or other estate planning vehicle controlled
       by such individual; or, (iv) a business entity owned, Controlled and composed solely of such
       individuals in the same proportionate Ownership Interest as each such individual had in you
       before such Transfer, on the terms and conditions provided below. You agree to immediately
                                                        38
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
