                                      AMENDMENT TO PIZZA HUT, LLC
                                     LOCATION FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                       FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON
The Pizza Hut, LLC Location Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) between the undersigned (“Franchisee”)
and Pizza Hut, LLC (“PHLLC”) shall be amended by the addition of the following language, which shall be
considered an integral part of the Agreement (“Amendment”):
                                      WASHINGTON LAW MODIFICATIONS
1.      The Director of the Washington Department of Financial Institutions requires that certain provisions
contained in franchise documents be amended to be consistent with Washington law, including the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, Wash. Rev. Code §§ 19.100.010 to 19.100.940 (“Act”). To the extent
that the Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions are hereby
amended:
         a.       The Act provides rights to Franchisee concerning nonrenewal and termination of the
                  Agreement. If the Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the Act, the Act will
                  control.
         b.       If the Franchisee is required in the Agreement to execute a release of claims, such release
                  shall exclude claims arising under the Act; except when the release is executed under a
                  negotiated settlement after the Agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented
                  by independent counsel. If there are provisions in the Agreement that unreasonably restrict or
                  limit the statute of limitations period for claims brought under the Act, or other rights or
                  remedies under the Act, those provisions may be unenforceable.
         c.       If the Agreement requires litigation, arbitration, or mediation to be conducted in a forum other
                  than the state of Washington, the requirement may be unenforceable under Washington law.
                  Arbitration involving a Franchise purchased in the state of Washington, must either be held in
                  the state of Washington or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration, or as
                  determined by the arbitrator.
         d.       If the Agreement requires that it be governed by the law of a state, other than the state of
                  Washington, and there is a conflict between the law and the Act, the Act will control.
         e.       Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect PHLLC’s reasonable estimated or
                  actual costs in effecting a transfer.
2.        Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for
inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor
of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for
inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these
limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.

3.        RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i)
soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee
of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void
and unenforceable in Washington.
4       Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional requirements
of the Washington law applicable to the provision are met independent of this Amendment. This Amendment shall
have no force or effect if such jurisdictional requirements are not met.
5.       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchise in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
                                            (Signature page is the next page)
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
