                            Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC and Subsidiary
                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                            December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024
                                (all tabular amounts in thousands)

   and other services expense. At the end of each fiscal year additional advertising costs are accrued to
   the extent advertising revenues exceed the related advertising expense to date, as we are obligated to
   expend such amounts on advertising. For such expenses that do not relate to advertising the expenses
   are recognized as incurred.

(l) Franchise Incentives

   From time-to-time we provide consideration to franchisees in the form of cash (e.g. cash payments to
   offset new build costs) or other incentives (e.g. free or subsidized equipment) with the intent to drive
   new unit development or same-store sales growth that will result in higher future revenues for the
   Company. Such payments are capitalized and presented as Franchise incentives in the accompanying
   Consolidated Financial Statements. These assets are being amortized as a reduction in Franchise and
   license revenues over the period of expected cash flows from the franchise agreements to which the
   payment relates. Total additions to franchise incentives were $4.4 million, $2.3 million, and $4.4 million
   in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

(m) Contract Liabilities
   Our contract liabilities are comprised of unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees and are
   presented within Deferred franchise fees on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The deferred franchise
   fees balance was $7.3 million and $8.0 million as of December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024,
   respectively. These deferred franchise fees include $1.7 million and $1.6 million for the fiscal years
   ended December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024, respectively, of upfront fee deposits paid to the
   Company associated with new franchise contracts for stores not yet opened.

(n) Income Taxes
   Both the Company and its subsidiary PH LLC were formed as single-member LLCs that are
   disregarded for income tax purposes and are not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. The
   income of the Company is taxed and attributable to income tax filings of YUM. Therefore, no current or
   deferred U.S. income taxes have been recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Financial
   Statements.

(o) Related Party Transactions and Cost Allocations
   Neither the Company nor its subsidiary, PH LLC, have employees. As such, all resources necessary to
   maintain support and grow PH LLC assets, including its intellectual property, are provided by PHA, an
   affiliate of the Company that owns certain Pizza Hut restaurants and real estate and employs the vast
   majority of employees that provide services to PHA, the Company, and PH LLC. While there is not a
   management services agreement executed between PHA and the Company or PH LLC, all expenses
   incurred and assets and liabilities created by PHA, except for those directly related to PHA for which
   neither the Company nor PH LLC has an interest such as restaurants and real estate, have been
   allocated to, and are included in, the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. No other costs,
   including any costs incurred by YUM, have been allocated to these Consolidated Financial Statements.
   See Note 4 for details on the Company’s consolidated Total costs and expenses, which include those
   allocated from PHA.

   Royalties between PHA and PH LLC (See Note 2(j)) are reflected as Due from affiliate on the
   Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company and PH LLC settle cash on a daily basis with
   YUM except for restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents discussed in Note 2(e). The Due from
   Yum! Brands, Inc. within the Consolidated Statements of Member’s Equity represents the cash swept
   by YUM that is expected to be settled as a noncash distribution of the Company’s consolidated excess
   earnings.

                                                 12
