  Name / Address        Product / Services    Conduct of       Offer of         Offer of Other
                        Provided to Pizza     Pizza Hut        Pizza Hut        Franchises
                        Hut Franchisees       Business         Franchises
   HBG Franchise, LLC   Not applicable        HBG has          HBG has          HBG began offering
  (“HBG”)                                     never            never offered    franchises for Habit
                                              operated         franchises for   Burger restaurants in
  1 Glen Bell Way                             Pizza Hut        Pizza Hut        2013. HBG franchises,
  Irvine, CA 92618                            Restaurants.     Restaurants.     and through its affiliates,
                                                                                operates, “Habit Burger
                                                                                Grill” restaurants offering
                                                                                made-to-order chargrilled
                                                                                burgers, sandwiches and
                                                                                more for take-out and on
                                                                                premises seating.

                                                                                As of December 30,
                                                                                2025, there were 383
                                                                                company-owned The
                                                                                Habit Burger Grill
                                                                                restaurants in the United
                                                                                States. A total of 75
                                                                                traditional restaurants
                                                                                were operated by 12
                                                                                franchisees and 7 non-
                                                                                traditional restaurants
                                                                                were operated by 5
                                                                                licensees. (1)

(1) The number of restaurants that an affiliate operates or franchises includes multi-brand restaurants at
which more than one brand is operated.
    We also have a number of affiliates that offer franchises, including Pizza Hut franchises, in
foreign countries, as well as affiliates that provide certain products and services to franchisees
who are located and do business in these foreign countries. Unless otherwise stated, the
information in this disclosure document does not include the international operations or
franchising of Pizza Hut franchises.
HUT Forward Program
    On January 5, 2026, YUM, PHLLC, I.P.H.F.H.A, and other related parties entered into a
comprehensive agreement (the “Hut Forward Agreement”) intended to drive growth, enhance
performance, and invest in technology to strengthen operations for Pizza Hut Restaurants (the
“Hut Forward Program”). As part of the Hut Forward Program: (a) YUM agreed to make a
significant investment in marketing initiatives for Pizza Hut Restaurants; (b) PHLLC committed to
develop a delivery strategy for all Pizza Hut Restaurants to improve operational efficiency and
strengthen aggregator partnerships; and (c) the parties are working towards a new technology
framework agreement to cover future technology funding obligations for franchisees, which will
require franchisees to sign new technology agreements related to the implementation of new
technology. As part of the Hut Forward Program, Brand Standards are currently being revised,
and franchisees will be required to comply with the updated Brand Standards once they are
promulgated. In connection with the Hut Forward Program, the vast majority of the existing
franchisees entered into adoption agreements with PHLLC (“Adoption Agreement”). Under the
Adoption Agreement, among other things, qualified franchisees may close up to 10% of their
existing Pizza Hut Restaurants if they meet certain conditions.




                                                    5
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
