                                        MICHIGAN NOTICE
The State of Michigan prohibits certain unfair provisions that are sometimes in franchise
documents. If any of the following provisions are in these franchise documents, the
provisions are void and cannot be enforced against you:
(a) A prohibition against you joining an association of franchisees.
(b) A requirement that you assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel which
would deprive you of rights and protections provided under the Michigan Franchise Investment
Law. This does not preclude you, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and
all claims.
(c) A provision that permits us to terminate your franchise prior to the expiration of its term except
for good cause. Good cause includes your failure to comply with any lawful provision of the
Franchise Agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice thereof and a
reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure.
(d) A provision that permits us to refuse to renew your franchise without fairly compensating you
by repurchase or other means, for the fair market value at the time of expiration, of your inventory,
supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized materials which have no value to us
and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings not reasonably required in the
conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation. This provision applies only if:
    (i) The term of the franchise is less than five years; and
    (ii) You are prohibited by the Franchise Agreement or other agreement from continuing to
conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name,
logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration
of the franchise, or if you do not receive at least six months advance notice of our intent not to
renew the franchise.
(e) A provision that permits us to refuse to renew the franchise on terms generally available to
other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This provision does not
require a renewal provision in the Franchise Agreement or other agreement.
(f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside of Michigan. This does
not preclude you from entering into an agreement, at the time of the arbitration, to conduct
arbitration at a location outside of Michigan.
(g) A provision which permits us to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of the franchise,
except for good cause. This provision does not prevent us from exercising a right of first refusal
to purchase the franchise. Good cause includes, but is not limited to:
    (i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet our then-current reasonable qualifications
or standards.
    (ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of ours.
    (iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful
obligations.
   (iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to us or to
cure any default in the Franchise Agreement existing at the time of the proposed transfer.
(h) A provision that requires you to resell to us items that are not uniquely identified with the
franchisor. This does not prohibit a provision that grants us a right of first refusal to purchase the
assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able
to purchase those assets, nor does it prohibit a provision that grants us the right to acquire the
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
