“CPI” means the Consumer Price Index For All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) - All Items (1982-1984
equals 100) for the United States published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department
of Labor.
“DBR” means a Delivery-Based Restaurant which is a DelCo offering limited seating for dine-in
consumption.
“DelCo” means a Delivery/Carryout Restaurant from which Pizza Hut pizza (and other Approved
Products) are sold for carryout or delivery, all for off-premises consumption.
“Delivery Area” means the area(s) described in Appendix B or the modified Delivery Area if your
Delivery Area is changed pursuant to Section 10.01.
“Digico” means PH Digico LLC or any successor entity.
“Direct or Indirect” (in any form, including “Directly” and “Indirectly”) means, (when used in
describing Ownership Interests or other interests in an entity or an agreement) that intervening levels
of ownership are disregarded.
“Disability” means any physical, emotional or mental injury, illness or incapacity which prevents or
would prevent a person from performing the obligations set forth in this Agreement or in the
applicable personal Guaranty for at least ninety consecutive days and from which condition recovery
within 90 days from the date of determination of disability is unlikely. Disability will be determined
following an examination of the person by a licensed practicing physician mutually selected and paid
for by us. If the person refuses to submit to an examination then the person will automatically be
deemed permanently disabled as of the date of the refusal.
“Effective Date” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 39.01.
“Estate” means the estate, heirs, legatees, guardians and/or representatives, as appropriate, of one
of your owners who is deceased or declared disabled.
“FCD” means Fast-Casual DelCo offering limited seating for dine-in consumption.
“Financial Performance Information” means information given, whether orally, in writing or visually
which states, suggests or infers a specific level or range of historic or projected sales, expenses
and/or profits of franchised or non-franchised Pizza Hut Businesses and Restaurants.
“Force Majeure” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 39.01.
“Franchisor Parties” means any affiliate of ours; the affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns
and designees of each of the foregoing; and the officers, directors, managers, employees, agents,
attorneys, shareholders, owners, members and designees of all of the foregoing.
“Good Standing” means, with respect to you, that you are not in default under this Agreement
(regardless of whether we have given you notice pursuant to Section 23.03).
“Gross Sales” means all revenues and income from any source that you directly or indirectly derive
or receive from, through, by or on account of the operation of your franchised Business and its
Restaurant(s), whether received in cash, in services, in kind, from barter and/or exchange (valued at
the full retail value of the goods or services received), by check or credit (whether or not you
ultimately receive payment on check or credit transactions) or otherwise. Gross Sales includes
revenues and income you receive from the proceeds of any business interruption insurance policies
and/or the sale of any promotional or premium items. You may deduct from Gross Sales, to the
extent they had been included in your calculation of Gross Sales, credits and allowances that you
give in good faith to customers. You may also deduct from Gross Sales all sales taxes and similar
taxes which you legally charge to customers if you add the taxes when you charge the customer;
send the tax payments to the appropriate tax authorities when due; and state in the monthly report

                                                        3
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
