         franchise or license any other type of System Restaurant Concept within the Protected
         Radius of such Location(s) and, outside of your Protected Radius, own, franchise or license
         any of our System Restaurant Concepts (including yours) at any location whatsoever,
         including immediately proximate to your Protected Radius. These restrictions will terminate
         immediately upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason.
3.02     Your Delivery Area

Your Delivery Area(s) is/are the area(s) identified in Appendix B or the Modified Delivery Area(s) if
your Delivery Area(s) is/are changed pursuant to Section 10.02 below. As long as you provide
Adequate Delivery Service throughout the Delivery Area(s), we will not provide delivery service, and
will not allow any other licensee or franchisee to provide delivery service, for Approved Products
using the Pizza Hut Marks to any point within the Delivery Area except as specifically provided below.
3.03     Your Restrictions

    A. Approved Products. Except as specifically provided below and/or unless you receive our
       prior written consent, your franchised Pizza Hut Business may only offer and sell its Approved
       Products and other approved products and services in, at and from your Restaurant(s) at the
       Location(s) identified in Appendix B.

    B. Distribution Methods and Channels. Unless you receive our prior written consent, which
       we may withhold for any or no reason, you may not offer and sell any of your franchised
       Restaurant’s Approved Products or other products or services through any means or manner
       other than your franchised Restaurants, including alternative method or channel of
       distribution whatsoever, at wholesale, retail, or otherwise.

    C. Retail Sale. You may only engage in the Retail Sale of Pizza Hut System Approved Products
       and other approved food, beverages and other products or services. You are prohibited from
       engaging in the Wholesale Sale or Distribution of any such Approved Products or other food,
       beverages, or other products and services which your franchised Restaurant(s) is required
       or permitted to sell under this Agreement, or any component or ingredient of any of the
       foregoing which now or in the future constitutes part of the System.
3.04     Rights We Reserve

    A. Other System Restaurant Concepts. You understand and agree that we and/or our
       affiliates may, within, outside or immediately proximate to your Protected Radius (except as
       we are restricted by Section 3.01 and Section 3.02 of this Agreement), engage in any
       business activity and deploy any business concept whatsoever and use our Pizza Hut Marks
       or any other names or marks owned or developed by us or our affiliates in connection with
       other concepts and business activities, so long as within your Protected Radius such other
       business does not operate under the Pizza Hut Marks the type of System Restaurant
       Concept(s) franchised to you hereunder. You further understand and agree that this
       Agreement does not confer upon you any right to participate in or benefit from such other
       concepts or business activities, regardless of whether they are conducted under the Pizza
       Hut Marks or not. Our and our affiliates’ rights to engage in other business activities are
       specifically reserved and may not be qualified or diminished in any way by implication.

    B. Alternative Distribution Methods. In addition, you understand and agree that we and/or our
       affiliates alone have the right to offer and sell within and outside your Protected Radius, under
       the Pizza Hut Marks and/or other names or marks, at wholesale, retail or otherwise, any and
       all Approved Products and other food, beverage, or other products and services and/or their

                                                        3
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
