    B. You will be in default of this Agreement for any failure to comply with any of the requirements
       imposed upon you or your Related Persons by this Agreement and/or our Brand Standards
       if you and/or your Related Persons otherwise fail to fulfill the terms of this Agreement in good
       faith. These defaults include the following events, which are set forth as examples only and
       are not meant to, nor shall they be deemed to, delineate all of the possible defaults which
       you may commit under this Agreement:
         1. You or any of your affiliates fail, refuse or neglect to pay promptly when due any money
            owed to us, our affiliates or any lender which has provided financing to your franchised
            Business, or fail to submit the financial or other information we require under this
            Agreement. The cure period for this default shall normally be the above-referenced thirty
            (30) calendar days but, if you have previously been in default for failure to timely pay
            under this Agreement in the twelve (12) months immediately before the date on which we
            transmit to you a written notice of your current default, then the cure period instead will
            be ten (10) calendar days after we transmit to you a written notice of your current default.
            If you fail to cure any such default within such shortened cure period, then this Agreement
            will terminate immediately upon expiration of the applicable cure period.
         2. Your franchised Business and/or System Restaurant(s) offers and sells any programs,
            products or services that we do not authorize under this Agreement or our Brand
            Standards.
         3. You fail to maintain your trade accounts in a current status and/or fail to seek to promptly
            resolve any disputes with trade suppliers.
         4. You engage in any business, or market any program, product or service, under a name
            or mark which, in our opinion, is confusingly similar to the Pizza Hut Marks; or you do not
            use our Pizza Hut Marks and/or trade dress solely in the manner and for the purposes
            directed by us in this Agreement, our Brand Standards or otherwise. The cure period for
            such default will be twenty-four (24) hours from your receipt of notice from us.
         5. You fail to provide Adequate Delivery Service as required by Article 10 of this Agreement
            at any time following our first redefinition of your Delivery Area (as provided in Section
            10.01 above).
         6. You fail to pay any undisputed taxes due and owing by your franchised Business
            (including employee taxes) when due.
         7. You do not indemnify us and/or one of the Franchisor Parties as required by this
            Agreement.
         8. You fail to maintain and operate your System Restaurant in a good, clean and sound
            manner and in strict compliance with our standards for speed, service, quality, cleanliness
            and maintenance as set forth in our Brand Standards.
         9. Any Guarantor fails to comply with any of the requirements imposed by or pursuant to the
            Guarantee addressed in Section 13.11B) of this Agreement.
         10. A final judgment not subject to appeal is entered against you or any Related Person and
             remains unsatisfied for more than thirty days or, if any such judgment is subject to appeal,
             you do not prosecute such appeal within thirty days (or such shorter period as any law,
             rule or regulation requires).
         11. You fail to construct the System Restaurants in accordance with Section 5.03.
         12. You do not open your System Restaurant for business to the general public by the date
             specified in Section 8.01 of this Agreement.
                                                        59
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
