                                                   Addendum B

                                                 PHOS SERVICES

The following support services must be obtained for each PHOS, unless otherwise noted below.
Each service, as specified below, is to be provided by either PHCLLC, a third-party vendor contracted
by PHCLLC, Franchisee, or a third-party vendor contracted by Franchisee (“Service Provider”).

A.       INSTALLATION SERVICE.

         1.     Pre-Installation Market Survey. Service Provider personnel will go to the
Franchisee’s market, tour the Pizza Hut Unit(s) where PHOS is planned to be installed, discuss
installation requirements with Franchisee personnel for each Pizza Hut Unit visited, and recommend
an Approved Equipment configuration based on the specifics of the Pizza Hut Unit.

Service Provider: PHCLLC, Franchisee, or third-party vendor contracted by either PHCLLC or
Franchisee. Required for each market survey.

       2.      PHOS Packaging Coordination. PHCLLC will arrange for a Service Provider to
manage all PHOS packaging activities, including procuring and assembling of all components, initial
loading of application and operating system software, and testing of the packaged components. The
assembled PHOS is then shipped to the appropriate Pizza Hut Unit or Franchisee office location.

Service Provider: Third-party vendor contract by PHCLLC. Required for each SUS/FMS.

        3.      Pre-Installation Coordination. Service Provider personnel will coordinate the Pre-
Installation Activities for electrical wiring, cabling, and, if necessary, counter modifications.

Service Provider: PHCLLC, Franchisee, or certified/approved third-party vendor contracted by either
PHCLLC or Franchisee. Optional at Franchisee’s discretion for each PHOS.

       4.      Pre-Installation Activities. Service Provider personnel will complete the activities in
preparation for the installation of the Approved Equipment. Electrical wiring and cabling is required
per the Site Environmental Specifications and the Technology Brand Standards. Counter
modifications are optional based on each Pizza Hut Unit’s requirements.

The costs of Pre-Installation Activities will vary by PHOS configuration, Pizza Hut Unit’s physical
layout, and local market fees. These costs are not included under this Agreement, and Franchisee
assumes direct financial reasonability for these services.

Service Provider: Franchisee or third-party vendor contracted by either PHCLLC or Franchisee.
Required for each PHOS, except for counter modifications as noted above.

         5.     Approved Equipment Installation. PHCLLC will arrange for a Service Provider to
install the Approved Equipment.

Service Provider: Third-party vendor contracted by PHCLLC. Required for each SUS/FMS.

B.            MENU SET UP AND MAINTENANCE.

        1.     Initial Menu Set Up. Service Provider personnel will set up Franchisee’s menu,
prices, and recipes for downloading and will download the menu to the appropriate PHOS as directed
                                                        18
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
