                                                   Addendum C

                                               Pizza Hut Help Desk
                                           3rd Level Support Services

The purpose of this Addendum C is to define roles and responsibilities of the Pizza Hut Help Desk
(PHHD) and the franchisee when a franchisee chooses to provide their own 1st and 2nd level support.

Definitions

1st Level Support – The initial point of contact for troubleshooting issues related to the operations
and maintenance of the back of house systems, POS hardware and software and all peripherals.
Has the ability to utilize training and knowledge content to diagnose and resolve basic/documented
issues.

2nd Level Support – The escalation point for issues that are beyond the knowledge or authority of
1st level support. Has a more in-depth working knowledge of system components and software.
Ability to apply more advanced troubleshooting tools and techniques to diagnose and resolve more
complex or previously undocumented issues.

3rd Level Support – The escalation point for issues beyond the knowledge of 2nd level support.
Subject matter experts in all aspects of hardware/software with the experience and ability to utilize
advanced troubleshooting tools and techniques to diagnose, develop resolution or a work around to
restore the system to working order.

Responsibilities

Franchisee agrees to:
                  o Attend initial training provided by the help desk and to create and maintain a
                      well trained staff with the ability to perform the duties required of 1st and 2nd
                      level support.

                       o   Ensure that hardware and software remain in good working order.

                       o   Provide points of contact for the PHHD to utilize when communications to
                           the Franchisee support group is necessary.

                       o   Provide access to Franchisee case data for chronic site research.

The Pizza Hut Help Desk agrees to:
                  o Provide a knowledgeable, well trained and courteous staff that can provide
                     3rd level support to Franchisee and their support staff.

                       o Provide network access to and maintain up to date knowledge documents
                           that Franchisee and their support staff can utilize.

                       o Assistance in resolving escalated cases with resolution procedures provided
                           once completed.

                       o Provide a mechanism to facilitate escalations and bi-directional
                           communication regarding escalated cases and chronic research. (i.e. phone
                           or email)
                                                        23
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
