Technology Framework Agreement

    On December 27, 2022, I.P.H.F.H.A. Inc., PHLLC, and other related parties entered into a
holistic Technology Framework Agreement (“Tech Framework Agreement”), which outlines a
comprehensive technology funding strategy for the years 2023-2026. The funding strategy
outlined in the Tech Framework Agreement is intended to accelerate critical digital and technology
advancement and innovation in and for the Pizza Hut System.

PHLLC’s Business and the Franchise Offered
   We offer franchises for System Restaurants that use a proprietary opening and operating
system, including Brand Standards which we may modify, add to, or delete from (the “System”).
The “Brand Standards” contain standards, specifications, procedures and requirements for
operating System Restaurants, including without limitation, as relates to special recipes,
seasonings, and menu items; distinctive design, decor, color scheme, and furnishings; standards,
specifications, and procedures for operations; digital innovation, customer facing e-commerce,
and computer technology systems; procedures for quality control; training and assistance
programs; and advertising and promotional programs.
    System Restaurants offer and sell pizza and related products and services approved by us
(“Approved Products”) and are identified by the mark “Pizza Hut” and other trademarks, service
marks, slogans, logos, and emblems that we designate for use.
    We currently offer franchises for three types of System Restaurant Concepts: (a) Restaurant-
Based Delivery (“RBD”) Restaurants; (b) Delivery/Carryout (“Delco”) Restaurants; and (c)
Delivery Based Restaurants (“DBR”)/Fast Casual Delco (“FCD”) Restaurants. RBD, DBR and
FCD Restaurants all offer dine-in, carryout and delivery. Delco Restaurants offer only carryout
and delivery. The RBD Restaurant is Pizza Hut’s traditional dine-in format with delivery added.
The DBR and FCD Restaurants are newer formats, with back of the house operations designed
for delivery and carryout but also offering limited seating for dine-in consumption. The DBR
Restaurant is a large-format, dine-in, delivery, and carryout unit with more than 50 seats; it may
be freestanding, end-cap, or in-line with our specific approval. The FCD Restaurant is a small-
format, delivery and carryout unit, with less than 50 seats; it may be freestanding, end-cap, or in-
line with our specific approval. All new franchised Restaurants must incorporate the WingStreet
product line (“WingStreet”). We and our affiliates previously operated and offered franchises for
Red Roof Restaurants. We no longer generally offer franchises for Red Roof Restaurants.
    If you purchase a franchise, you will enter into a Location Franchise Agreement (Exhibit C-1)
for the right to operate one or more System Restaurants at specified approved locations
(“Location”). Approved delivery areas for each Restaurant (“Delivery Area”) will be described in
or be determined in accordance with the Location Franchise Agreement.
    Since 1989, we have granted licenses to third parties to sell Pizza Hut pizza from kiosks,
concession stands, and other non-traditional facilities. We do not directly operate any non-
traditional sites, but our affiliates have in the past operated a limited number of non-traditional
sites (primarily concession stands). We distinguish between our “franchisees” who are granted
rights to operate RBD, Delco and DBR/FCD System Restaurants under the franchising program
described in this disclosure document, and our “licensees” who are granted rights to sell Pizza
Hut pizza and related products at non-traditional locations under the Pizza Hut Express licensing
program offered under a separate disclosure document. Company-owned Pizza Hut Express
restaurants have been operated since 1987. This disclosure document does not describe the
Pizza Hut Express licensing program.


                                                 6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
