E.   If there is a claim by any one or more of the Franchisor Parties against you, you must, upon our
     request, assign to us all rights which you then have or thereafter may have with respect to the
     claim against the insurer(s) providing the coverages described in this Section 15.01.
F.   You agree that we may periodically add to, modify, substitute or delete the types and amounts
     of insurance coverage which you are required to maintain under this Agreement, and all features
     and elements thereof, by written notice to you (through modifications to the Brand Standards or
     otherwise). Upon delivery or attempted delivery of this written notice, you agree to immediately
     purchase insurance conforming to any such newly established standards and limits.
15.02 Certificates of Insurance

     A. You agree to promptly provide us with certificates of insurance evidencing the coverages
        required by this Agreement at least ten (10) days prior to your commencing any of the
        activities or operations contemplated by this Agreement and, thereafter, at least thirty (30)
        days prior to the expiration of any such policy. All certificates must evidence proper coverage
        as required by this Agreement and the Brand Standards. Attached to each certificate shall
        be a copy of the endorsement amending any clause in the subject policy which relates to
        other insurance and confirming that all coverage is primary insurance and that our insurance
        (and the insurance of the other Franchisor Parties) is applicable only after all limits of your
        policy(ies) are exhausted.

     B. You agree to renew all insurance policies and documents and to furnish renewal certificates
        of insurance to us before the expiration date of the expiring policy in question. We may at
        any time require you to forward to us full copies of all insurance policies.
15.03 Purchase of Insurance on Your Behalf

If you fail to purchase insurance conforming to the standards and limits we prescribe, we may (but
we are not required to) obtain on your behalf the insurance necessary to meet these standards,
through agents and insurance companies that we choose. If we do this, then you must immediately
pay the required premiums or reimburse us for the premiums we advanced and must also pay us a
reasonable fee for the efforts we undertake to obtain such insurance for you. Nothing contained in
this Agreement will impose any duty or obligation on us to obtain or maintain any specific forms,
kinds or amounts of insurance on your behalf.
15.04 No Undertaking or Representation

Nothing in this Agreement may be considered our undertaking or representation that the insurance
that you are required to obtain or that we may obtain for you will insure you against any or all
insurable risks of loss which may arise out of or in connection with the operation of the franchised
Business. We advise you to consult with your insurance agent and other risk advisors regarding any
types, amounts or elements of insurance coverage beyond those specified herein which may be
prudent to obtain.
                                      16. PIZZA HUT MARKS
16.01 Our Ownership of the Pizza Hut Marks

     A. You agree that the Pizza Hut Marks are our (or our affiliates’) exclusive property. You assert
        and will in the future assert no claim to any goodwill, reputation or ownership of the Pizza Hut
        Marks by virtue of your licensed use of the Pizza Hut Marks or for any other reason. You
        agree that you will not do or permit any act or thing to be done in derogation of any of our
        rights or the rights of our affiliates in connection with the Pizza Hut Marks, either during or
        after the Term of this Agreement. You agree not to apply for or obtain any trademark or

                                                        32
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
