late charge at a rate established by PHCLLC, not to exceed the maximum rate permitted by law, on
all delinquent fees required to be paid to PHCLLC by Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement. Such
late charge shall commence on the first day of the month following the month in which such fees are
due. If Franchisee fails to make timely payment, PHCLLC may suspend services under this
Agreement.

      3.     The Franchisee also agrees to pay all fees associated with the approved equipment
maintenance contract.

        4.     PHCLLC may increase or decrease the Support Fees, effective January 1 of any year,
in PHCLLC’s sole discretion upon ninety (90) days advance, written notice. PHCLLC will not increase
any Support Fees more than twelve percent (12%) during a calendar year except as agreed to by
the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee. If new or expanded services are offered
by PHCLLC, PHCLLC will set the prices for such services consistent with the then current prices for
other services previously and/or currently offered and most similar to the new or expanded services.
At the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee’s request, PHCLLC will meet with the
IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee to set forth the reason(s) for any price
increase(s).

        5.      In addition to the fees payable by Franchisee hereunder, Franchisee agrees to pay
all federal, state and local taxes imposed upon the PHOS or maintenance services provided
hereunder, excluding any taxes based on PHCLLC’s net income.

G.      OWNERSHIP. PHCLLC is the exclusive owner of all rights to the SUS/FMS Software
including, but not limited to, all patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret rights arising out of the
SUS/FMS Software and any developments or improvements thereto regardless of who made such
developments or improvements. PHCLLC retains full title to the SUS/FMS Software and the media
upon which the SUS/FMS Software is provided or as otherwise set forth.

       1.     Franchisee acquires no rights to the SUS/FMS Software other than those rights that
are expressly granted in this Agreement. All rights not expressly granted to Franchisee remain in
PHCLLC.

        2.     PHCLLC has the exclusive right to prepare derivative works, adaptations, and
collective works related to the SUS/FMS Software. In addition, PHCLLC has the exclusive right to
modify the SUS/FMS Software, to translate it into other computer languages, and to convert it to
execute under other operating systems or for use on other computer equipment. The IPHFHA-
Appointed Technology Governance Committee, however, as set forth in and in accordance with
Addendum B, SUS/FMS Services, may request that PHCLLC make modifications to the SUS/FMS
Software.

         3.    Any developments and improvements to the SUS/FMS Software by any entities,
including after any possible disclosures of the SUS/FMS Software source code to the IPHFHA-
Appointed Technology Governance Committee pursuant to Section H, will be “WORK MADE FOR
HIRE” and the exclusive property of PHCLLC. To the extent such work may not be deemed a “WORK
MADE FOR HIRE” under applicable law, Franchisee and/or the IPHFHA-Appointed Technology
Governance Committee hereby assigns to PHCLLC all right, title, and interest in and to Franchisee’s
and/or IPHFHA-Appointed Technology Governance Committee rights in such work. Franchisee
and/or the Franchisee will execute and deliver to PHCLLC such instruments of transfer and take
such other action that PHCLLC may reasonably request; including, without limitation, executing and
filing, at PHCLLC’s expense, applications, assignments, and other documents required for the
protection of PHCLLC’s rights to such materials. Franchisee and/or the IPHFHA-Appointed
                                                        6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
