Franchisee’s request. Supplier may exhibit a copy of this Agreement to Pizza Hut, LLC as evidence of Franchisee’s
authorization and direction to Pizza Hut, LLC to permit such Franchisee Database access by Supplier or any affiliate.
8.8      Content of Site. Except as provided above, Supplier is the sole owner and operator of the Site, and as such
reserves all rights to determine the content of the Site generally, including the right to display banners and other
forms of advertising on various pages within the Site, provided, however, that, without the consent of PHI, (i) Supplier
agrees no page within the Pizza Hut Web Site shall contain display banners or other forms of third party advertising
for a Competitor, (ii) Supplier agrees that no page within the Pizza Hut Web Site shall contain any link to any other
page within the Site that is not part of the Pizza Hut Web Site so that a System Customer accessing the Pizza Hut
Web Site will not be able to directly link from any page in the Pizza Hut Web Site to any page in the Site for which
PHI does not assert exclusive control over the content, and (iii) Supplier agrees no page within the Site shall display
banners or other forms of advertising from persons or entities whose image is inconsistent with PHI’s image as a
family restaurant.
ARTICLE 9 – REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS
9.1      Franchisee Warranties. Franchisee represents and warrants the following:
         (a)      Franchisee has the right to grant Supplier access to Franchisee’s Database as described above.
         (b)      Franchisee’s delivery to Supplier of materials or information, and its permitting Supplier to access
                  and/or modify the Franchisee Database, for use in connection with the Pizza Hut Digital System
                  does not and will not breach any oral or written agreement to which Franchisee is a party or infringe
                  any third party’s rights.
9.2     Supplier Warranties. In addition to the representations and warranties in the PH Master Agreements,
Supplier represents and warrants the following:
         (a)      Supplier’s performance of Services pursuant to this Agreement does not and will not violate any
                  applicable law, rule, or regulation (including without limitation any applicable import or export
                  regulation and any licensing or permitting requirement) or breach any other agreement to which
                  Supplier is a party or bound.
         (b)      Supplier has full authority and sufficient rights to grant and convey the rights granted to Franchisee.
         (c)      Supplier will deliver the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with the
                  highest industry standards. All Services will conform with the applicable performance standards
                  and service levels set forth in this Agreement to the reasonable satisfaction of Franchisee.
         (d)      Supplier’s execution of this Agreement constitutes Supplier’s representation and warranty that, as
                  of the date of such execution and as long as Supplier is providing Services under this Agreement,
                  Supplier has no knowledge, nor reason to believe, that any of the requested Services or
                  Franchisee’s use thereof as contemplated under this Agreement infringe any Intellectual Property
                  Rights of any third party.
         (e)      Supplier agrees to ensure that the Pizza Hut Digital System will not link to, contain, suggest, or
                  refer to in any manner (i) anything that is lewd, obscene, libelous, offensive or inappropriate or
                  unsuitable for children, (ii) any web sites of a Competitor, or (iii) any web sites of other companies
                  unless specified in writing by PHI.
9.3      Covenants. Supplier covenants that nothing linked to, contained in or referred to by the Site shall conflict
with or violate any applicable laws or otherwise facilitate the commission of any immoral or offensive act; provided
that Supplier shall not be liable for content, links or other materials provided by Franchisee or prepared to
Franchisee’s specification.
ARTICLE 10 – DISCLAIMERS


                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                           17
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
