                                             6. BRAND STANDARDS
6.01     Brand Standards

    A. We have promulgated (and may from time to time hereafter add to, modify or delete from)
       brand standards (which we may set forth in a manual or communicate elsewhere) which,
       among other things, set forth required standards, specifications, procedures and
       requirements for operating each type of System Restaurant Concept; the Approved Products
       and other food and beverage items, products, programs and services which your franchised
       Business and Restaurant(s) are authorized and required to offer; preparing, offering, ordering
       and delivering Approved Products and other food, beverage and related items; required
       technology; policies for the registration, use, content, or management of online presences,
       or other technology systems, solutions, or products; requirements pertaining to customer
       data; signs, trade dress and other Restaurant characteristics; sale, marketing, and
       promotional programs; staffing levels; days and hours of operation; methods of payment and
       currencies that your Restaurants may or must accept from customers; participation in market
       research and testing and product development programs; participation in gift card and loyalty
       card programs; menus and pricing; bookkeeping, accounting, data processing and record
       keeping systems and forms; types, amounts, terms, and conditions of insurance coverage
       required for your Restaurants; participation in quality assurance and customer satisfaction
       programs; and otherwise developing, establishing, equipping, managing and operating Pizza
       Hut Restaurants (collectively and without limitation, the “Brand Standards”). Our Brand
       Standards also include standards of usage for the Pizza Hut Marks and other standards
       intended to ensure the consistency of the System Restaurant Concepts.

    B. We may from time to time add to, delete, or change the Brand Standards and you must
       comply with any such Brand Standard additions, deletions or modifications as provided
       below.

    C. All now or hereafter established Brand Standards will remain our exclusive property and
       subject to the confidentiality provisions of Article 21 of this Agreement.

    D. We have the sole authority to promulgate, interpret and enforce, as we deem necessary, all
       current or hereafter developed Brand Standards.

    E. In addition to the Brand Standards, we may issue guidelines and recommendations designed
       to provide you with information and/or insight as to our current thinking about various
       business issues or strategies. Such guidelines and recommendations are not part of the
       Brand Standards, are not contracts, and do not create any contractual or other binding
       obligation on either you or us.
6.02     Furnishing the Brand Standards to You

    A. We will furnish to you, at no charge, a complete set of the Brand Standards applicable to
       each type of System Restaurant Concept(s) franchised under this Agreement. We may do
       so through any now or hereafter developed print, electronic or other media capable of
       conveying the Brand Standards.

    B. You acknowledge that we are the owner of all proprietary rights in the Brand Standards and
       all intellectual property rights connected therewith (including common law copyright) and that
       you are acquiring no property or other right to the Brand Standards other than a license to
       use them and comply with them during the Term of this Agreement. You agree to ensure at
       all times that your Brand Standards content is current and up-to-date.
                                                        9
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
