your employees. Under the Location Franchise Agreement, you appoint us as your attorney in
fact, with irrevocable authority to defend and/or settle all these types of claims. You may
participate at your own expense in the defense or settlement, but our decisions will be final.
   If you learn that any unauthorized third party is using the Pizza Hut Marks or a variation of
them, you must promptly notify us. We will determine whether or not we wish to take any action
against the third party. You will have no right to make any demand or to prosecute any claim
against the alleged infringer for the infringement. If we take action against the alleged infringer,
you must cooperate with us. Unless the litigation is the result of your improper use of the Pizza
Hut Marks, we will reimburse you for your out-of-pocket expenses, but you will pay your
employees’ salaries.
                                              ITEM 14
                 PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
    There are no patents or pending patent applications that are material to the franchise offered.
However, we do own a number of U.S. and foreign patents (and pending patent applications)
relating to the franchised business that primarily pertain to packaging and improvements to
equipment used in preparing Approved Products. These patents are generally licensed to
manufacturers that produce the packaging or equipment.
   We claim copyright protection in our Brand Standards, Standards Library, Website, App (and
content therein) as well as in certain software, forms, advertisements, promotional materials, and
other written or digital materials created by or for us.
    Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the
obligations for Pizza Hut Marks described in Item 13 of this disclosure document.
    We have certain trade secrets and proprietary information. Among the items we consider trade
secrets are our information, data, knowledge, processes and know-how used by or included in
the Pizza Hut System; our Brand Standards; our spice blends and secret recipes; the Computer
System and related software and all enhancements, additions, upgrades, and modifications
thereto; and, many other matters specified in the Location Franchise Agreement. You may not
use any of our trade secrets or proprietary information for any purpose other than the operation
of your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s). You may not disclose any of our trade secrets or proprietary
information to any other person or business, either during the term of the Location Franchise
Agreement or after termination or expiration or transfer. You may not copy any of our confidential
or proprietary information or give it to a third party unless we authorize you to do so.
    Under the Location Franchise Agreement:
    •   Before employment or any promotion, your Qualified Operator(s), your Restaurant
        managers and all directors, officers, and other managerial personnel must sign the
        Confidentiality Agreement (Appendix I-2 to the Location Franchise Agreement); and
    •   As applicable, all of your owners, equity holders, control persons, shareholders, members,
        partners and general partner(s); and, all persons possessing equivalent positions in any
        business entity which directly or indirectly owns and/or controls you, must sign the
        Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement (Appendix I-1 to the Location Franchise
        Agreement).
    There are no presently effective determinations of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office,
Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or any court; no pending interferences, oppositions, or
cancellation proceedings: and no pending material litigation involving our patents, copyrights, or
trade secrets that are relevant to their use in any state. As of the date of this disclosure document,

                                                  40
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
