        analyses, and for research and development purposes (sections i and ii are collectively referred to as
        “Service Analyses”). Pizza Hut retains all rights to such Service Analyses. Customer acknowledges
        and agrees that Pizza Hut owns and retains all right, title and interest in and to Derived Data.

   5.2.1. Customer represents and warrants that Customer Data will not include any protected health
          information, or any information subject to Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as
          amended (HIPAA), financial account numbers, or other similarly sensitive personal information.
          Customer assumes all risk arising from use of any such sensitive information with the Pizza Hut Digital
          Program, including the risk of inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized access or use thereto.

   5.2.2. Pizza Hut may use tools, scripts, software, and utilities (collectively, the “Tools”) to monitor and
          administer the Services and to help resolve Customer’s service requests. Information collected by
          the Tools may also be used to assist in managing Pizza Hut product and service portfolio, to help
          Pizza Hut address deficiencies in its product and service offerings, and for license and Pizza Hut
          Digital Program and Services management.

   5.3. Intellectual Property Infringement. If Customer’s use of the Services is threatened as a consequence
        of any intellectual property infringement claim to the extent arising out of Pizza Hut’s grossly negligent
        acts or omissions, Pizza Hut agrees to (a) obtain rights for Customer to continue use of the Services;
        or (b) replace or modify the Services so that the Services are no longer infringing but provides the same
        functionality and benefit to Customer (in which case Customer agrees to use the replacement/modified
        Services instead of the infringing Services); or (c) Customer may terminate the Services and cease
        using the Services, and Pizza Hut agrees to provide Customer a partial refund of previously paid
        subscription fees relating to the infringing Services. The foregoing states Pizza Hut’s liability and sole
        and exclusive remedy with respect to any infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property
        rights of any third party.

   5.4. Suggestions. The parties expressly agree that any suggestions, feedback, or improvements to
        software, system or materials derived from the Digital Program and the Services during the Term,
        including those attributable to Customer, will be the exclusive property of Pizza Hut and will be promptly
        disclosed by Customer to Pizza Hut. Customer hereby assigns to Pizza Hut all present and future right,
        title and interest throughout the world in and to any such improvements, software, system or materials
        derived from the Digital Program and the Services. Customer will take all actions and execute all
        documents required by Pizza Hut for this purpose.

   5.5. Third-Party Technology. Customer acknowledges and agrees that third-party technology is
        appropriate and necessary for use with the Services and Customer’s right to use such third-party
        technology is governed by the terms of the third-party technology license agreements specified by Pizza
        Hut and not under this Agreement. Any breach by Customer of any such additional terms is also a
        breach of this Agreement. If a Service includes data and/or software from third parties and requires
        Pizza Hut to pass additional terms through to Customer, access to such terms will be provided in
        connection with the download of or opening of a the Service, and such additional terms will apply with
        respect to that specific Service. Usage of such Service is deemed to constitute acceptance of such
        additional terms.

6. Confidentiality.

   6.1. Definition of Confidential Information. As used herein, “Confidential Information” means all
        confidential and proprietary information of Pizza Hut (“Disclosing Party”) disclosed to the Customer
        (“Receiving Party”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably
        should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of
        disclosure, including the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including pricing and other terms
        reflected in all Order Forms hereunder), Customer Data, the Services, business and marketing plans,
        technology and technical information, product designs, and business processes. Confidential
        Information will not include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without
        breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its
        disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (iii)
        was independently developed by the Receiving Party without breach of any obligation owed to the
