14.02 Indemnification Exclusions

Specifically excluded from the indemnity you give us hereby is any liability associated with our or the
other Franchisor Parties’ gross negligence, willful misconduct or criminal acts (except to the extent
that joint liability is involved, in which event the indemnification you provide herein shall extend to
any filing of comparative or contributory negligence attributable to you).
14.03 Insurance and Indemnification

If you fail to maintain the insurance required by Section 15.01 below, or fail to name us and the other
Franchisor Parties as additional insureds under that policy, then your obligations of indemnification
under this Article 14 will also extend to all liability that would have been insured by the appropriate
required policy (including liability arising from our own negligence). The insufficiency of the insurance
you are required to maintain under the terms of Section 15.01 will not be a defense to liability under
this Article 14. The terms of this Article 14 shall survive the termination, expiration or Transfer of this
Agreement, the franchised Business, the Restaurant(s) and/or any Ownership Interest in any of the
foregoing.
14.04 Notice and Defense Obligations

You agree to give us written notice of any suit, judicial or administrative investigation, proceeding,
claim, demand, inquiry or any other event that could be the basis for an Indemnification Claim within
three days of your actual or constructive knowledge of it. At our election, you will also defend us and
the other Franchisor Parties against the Indemnification Claim. We will have the right, at your cost,
to hire our own counsel and/or control the defense of any Indemnification Claim (including the right
to select its counsel, select and/or hire separate counsel, or defend or settle any Indemnification
Claim at your sole expense) if we determine that such Indemnification Claim may directly or indirectly
affect the interests of any of the Franchisor Parties (including us). Our undertaking of defense and/or
settlement, including by hiring separate counsel, will in no way diminish your obligation to indemnify
us and the Franchisor Parties and hold us and them harmless.
14.05 Settlements

We will have the right, at any time we consider appropriate, to offer, order, consent or agree to
settlements or take any other remedial or corrective actions we consider expedient with respect to
any Indemnification Claim if, in our sole judgment, there are reasonable grounds to do so.
14.06 Mitigation of Losses

None of the Franchisor Parties (including us) shall be required to seek recovery from third parties or
otherwise mitigate their losses to claim indemnification from you. You agree that any failure to pursue
recovery from third parties or mitigate loss will in no way reduce the amounts recoverable from you
by any of the Franchisor Parties (including us).
14.07 Survival

The indemnification obligations of this Article 14.01 will survive the expiration or sooner termination
or transfer of this Agreement.

                                                   15. INSURANCE
15.01 Insurance

A. Within not later than ten days following the Effective Date, and thereafter at all times throughout
   the Term of this Agreement, you agree to purchase at your own expense, and maintain in effect
                                                        29
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
