    B. General Obligations.
         1. You must purchase, utilize, maintain, retire and replace the technology serving your
            Business and its Restaurant(s) as and when we require in the Brand Standards or
            otherwise in writing. This technology may or will include computer hardware, software,
            wired and/or wireless internet connections and service, required dedicated telephone
            and, whenever possible, power lines, “smart phone” automated customer purchase and
            tracking facilities, and other computer-related accessories, peripherals, equipment, and
            related services that we specify in the Brand Standards.
         2. To the extent available, you must obtain and maintain high speed broadband
            communications access and other high-speed capacity that we require for the technology.
         3. At your expense, you must keep your computer, all components of your PH Restaurant
            Technology Suite, and any other technology systems current, supported, and in good
            maintenance and repair.
         4. You must maintain at all times a functioning e-mail address for your business and such
            Wi-Fi service for your customers as we designate in the Brand Standards.
    C. PH Restaurant Technology Suite. Without limiting the foregoing, you must adopt and utilize
       the PH Restaurant Technology Suite, the components of which we will identify in our Brand
       Standards, including our: (1) approved POS system (currently provided pursuant to a
       separate agreement titled the SUS Agreement, attached hereto as Appendix K) (2) approved
       back of house technology, (3) approved kitchen management system, and (4) a tablet with
       mobile applications, to the exclusion of any other such systems (whether compatible with the
       components of our then-current approved PH Restaurant Technology Suite or not). You must
       also adopt and utilize, at your expense, any successor components of the PH Restaurant
       Technology Suite (including all hardware and software) which we may designate in the future
       as supplanting or enhancing our current components. Your adoption and utilization of the
       foregoing will be in accordance with the timing as we will reasonably specify. If we or our
       affiliates license or provide additional software or technology to you in the future, we may
       condition your use of such software or technology on signing a license or similar agreement
       regulating your use of such software or technology.

    D. POS System. We and our affiliates are currently the only approved suppliers of the POS
       system and you will acquire the POS system software from us and/or our affiliates by signing
       a separate License and Support Agreement (currently, the SUS Agreement attached hereto
       as Appendix K). You will acquire all necessary hardware to operate the POS system software
       from a vendor approved by us and/or our affiliates and will dedicate that hardware solely to
       the operation of the POS system. The POS system software, and all enhancements,
       additions, upgrades and modifications thereto, constitute our confidential information subject
       to the confidentiality provisions of Article 21. We and/or our affiliates own all aspects of the
       POS system, including all enhancements, upgrades, modifications and additions, regardless
       of who develops or conceives of any such changes. Upon termination of this Agreement, you
       will cooperate fully in the removal of the POS software from all of your franchised
       Restaurants. You must accurately, consistently and completely record and provide through
       your computer and POS system all information concerning the operation of your franchised
       Business and its Restaurant(s) that we require, in the form and at the intervals that we require,
       in our Brand Standards or our proprietary software.

    E. System Connections. You agree to provide all assistance we require to bring your computer
       systems and current POS (or any successor point-of-sale system) online with our computers
                                                        19
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
