13.1     Term. This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2025. The Term
is subject to expiration, renewal, or any early termination of the Amended and Restated SOW, and further subject to
the termination rights set forth in Sections 13.2 and 13.3 below. To avoid all ambiguity, if/when the Amended and
Restated SOW expires, is renewed, or is terminated, this Agreement shall similarly automatically and simultaneously
be considered expired, renewed, or terminated.
13.2     Termination or Suspension.
         13.2.1 Supplier has no obligation to provide any Services under the prior agreement between Supplier
         and Franchisee if Franchisee does not provide Supplier with a fully executed copy of this Agreement within
         ninety (90) days of receipt. In such case, Supplier may terminate the Services with Franchisee by providing
         Franchisee with thirty (30) days prior written notice after expiration of such 90 day period.
         13.2.2 Supplier may terminate, or suspend the provision of Services without terminating, this Agreement
         if Franchisee fails to pay an invoice that is not subject to dispute by Franchisee or fails to fulfill any other
         obligation material to Supplier hereunder and such failure continues for ninety (90) days after receipt by
         Franchisee of written notice from Supplier specifying the failure.
13.3     Termination by Franchisee. Without limiting any other rights or remedies, Franchisee may terminate this
Agreement upon written notice to Supplier if (i) Supplier breaches a material term of this Agreement and such breach
remains uncured 30 days after notice of such breach from Franchisee, or (ii) Supplier commits more than three (3)
breaches of a material term of this Agreement during any rolling twelve month (12) month period and Franchisee
has provided proper notice of each breach, regardless of whether or not Supplier has cured such breaches to
Franchisee’s reasonable satisfaction, provided, however, that such right of termination arising from the aforesaid
three (3) breaches shall itself terminate and be null and void and of no further force or effect if such termination right
shall not be exercised by Franchisee in a writing delivered to Supplier within twelve (12) months after the expiration
of said twelve (12) month period. Upon Franchisee’s termination of the Agreement pursuant to this Section 13.3,
Supplier will be paid within 30 days after the effective date of termination the fees and expenses which have been
incurred or earned for Services performed and accepted in accordance with this Agreement through the effective
date of such termination, but reduced by any amounts owed to Franchisee. In addition, Supplier will refund within 30
days any amount due to Franchisee if it exceeds any amount owed by Franchisee to Supplier.
13.4     Termination for Insolvency. If either Party becomes or is declared insolvent or bankrupt, is the subject of
any proceeding relating to its liquidation or insolvency or the appointment of a receiver, conservator, or similar officer,
in any case which has not been dismissed within 120 days after the filing thereof, or makes an assignment for the
benefit of all or substantially all of its creditors or enters into any agreement for the composition, extension, or
readjustment of all or substantially all of its obligations, then the other Party may, by giving prior written notice to the
non-terminating Party, terminate this Agreement as of the date specified in such notice.
ARTICLE 14 – NOTICES
All notices contemplated under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed received as reasonably
evidenced via receipted mail (including email, facsimile, overnight delivery, or regular mail), postage prepaid as
applicable and addressed as below the signature lines.
A Party may from time to time change its address or designee for notification purposes by giving the other Party
prior notice of the new address or designee and the date upon which the change will become effective.
ARTICLE 15 – MISCELLANEOUS.
15.1      Neither Party may use the name, trademarks, trade names, or service marks of the other Party, or quote
the opinion of any employee of the other Party in any advertising, presentations or otherwise. Neither Party may
issue any press release or public notice concerning Franchisee’s use of Supplier’s Services or otherwise reference
the relationship of the Parties under this Agreement without the advance written consent of the other Party.
15.2    Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any of its obligations hereunder without the other
Party’s express, prior written consent, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided,
                                                QuikOrder, LLC
                                    7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                            22
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
