         submission of such information must be accompanied by the transferor’s representation and
         warranty that all of the information submitted to us is true, accurate, complete and correct in
         all respects and you must also furnish us with an appropriate resolution of your governing
         body authorizing the proposed sale.
   B.    We shall have thirty (30) days following our receipt of the notice (or, if we request additional
         information, thirty (30) days following our receipt of the additional information) to notify you of
         our intent to exercise our Right of First Refusal and to conduct due diligence into the
         transaction. Our due diligence will be of the type, nature and scope customary for
         transactions similar to the proposed transaction at issue and, in connection with our due
         diligence, you agree to make available to us immediately upon demand all information, data,
         books, or written or electronic records which we may reasonably request and, as well, shall
         make available to us for inquiry each owner and Guarantor of your franchised Business, the
         Qualified Operator of your Business and any other personnel we specify. As well, all of the
         requirements of your proposed transferee specified above in Section 18.04 of this Agreement
         must be complied with.

   C.    Within thirty (30) days after our receipt of your notice (or, if we request additional information,
         within thirty (30) days after receipt of the additional information), we may either consent or
         withhold our consent to the proposed Transfer, in accordance with this Section 18.06, or at
         our option accept the Transfer to ourselves or to our designee, on the terms and conditions
         specified in your notice. If we or our designee accept the Transfer, we will be entitled to all of
         the customary representations and warranties given by the seller of assets of a business,
         including representations and warranties as to ownership, condition of and title to assets,
         liens and encumbrances on the assets, validity of contracts and agreements, and your
         contingent and other liabilities affecting the assets. Any dispute regarding the value of all or
         any part of the assets or rights proposed to be Transferred and/or the consideration proposed
         to be paid or payable to you or any third party in connection with the proposed Transfer,
         which dispute is not resolved within a reasonable time, shall be determined by two (2)
         reputable, independent appraisers, as follows: Each party shall select one (1) reputable,
         independent appraiser and obtain an appraisal. The average of the appraisers’
         determinations shall be binding. Each party shall bear its own legal and other costs and the
         parties shall share the appraisal fees equally. If we exercise our right of first refusal, we will
         have the right to set off all appraisal fees and other amounts due from you to us or any of our
         affiliates. You expressly understand and agree that nothing in the offer which is the subject
         of your notice to us may contain any provision or condition the effect of which would be to
         increase the cost to us, or otherwise change the economic or other terms imposed on us, as
         a result of our substitution for the offeror, or as a consequence of compliance with the
         procedures set forth herein regarding our right of first refusal.
   D.    If a Transfer is proposed through the assignment, redemption or other Transfer that would
         result in a change in control of you, your franchised Business, and/or your Restaurants (as
         the term “control” is most broadly defined by federal and state corporate and securities laws),
         then we or our designee will have the option to purchase not only the Ownership Interests
         being Transferred but also all remaining Ownership Interests, so that our resulting ownership
         will be 100%. The price of these remaining Ownership Interests will be proportionate to the
         price of the interests initially being offered.
   E.    Our credit will be considered at least equal to the credit of any proposed purchaser. We may
         substitute the reasonable cash equivalent, not including the value of any tax benefits, for the
         value of any non-cash consideration proposed in the offer.
   F.    If we give notice of our exercise of our right of first refusal, closing on our purchase must
         occur within the later of: (i) sixty (60) days following your receipt of our notice to you; (ii) the
                                                        44
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
