                                    Section in Location
            Provision              Franchise Agreement                                     Summary

  k.   “Transfer” by you –       Appendix A                    Any absolute or conditional transfer of an interest in the
       definition                                              transferring party or in the FA, including any change of control,
                                                               assignment, delegation, sale, pledge, encumbrance, sharing
                                                               arrangement, sublicense, or division, as well as any change in
                                                               beneficiaries or trustees of a trust.
  l.    PHLLC’s approval of      Sections 18.02, 18.03,        No transfer without our consent except for Permitted Transfers,
       transfer by you           18.04, 18.05                  including to a person that is already an owner of the Restaurant,
                                                               for the benefit of your employees or to a business entity wholly
                                                               owned by you. Permitted Transfers may require notice or
                                                               satisfaction of other conditions.
  m. Conditions for PHLLC        Section 18.04                 Proposed transferee: demonstrates satisfaction of our
     approval of transfer                                      qualifications and business entity requirements; engages in
                                                               personal interview at our request;             has the necessary
                                                               organizational, managerial and financial structure and resources;
                                                               complies with our ownership requirements relative to control;
                                                               successfully completes our Initial Training Program at its
                                                               expense; signs our then-current form of Franchise Agreement
                                                               which may vary from the FA but which may include rebuild,
                                                               relocation, and remodeling obligations under the FA; has or
                                                               obtains all required permits, licenses and other authorizations;
                                                               causes its owners and others we require to sign a Guaranty
                                                               substantially identical to the form included within our then-current
                                                               franchise disclosure document; and signs a general release;
                                                               secures our approval of its Qualified Operator(s); and is not a
                                                               Competitor or a Restricted Person. In addition, you have obtained
                                                               any required landlord’s consent; cured any existing defaults;
                                                               satisfied your monetary and other obligations to us, our affiliates
                                                               (excluding an affiliate which administers a separate franchise
                                                               network), your lenders, and suppliers; signed documents
                                                               evidencing your responsibility for your pre-transfer obligations;
                                                               signed a termination agreement and general release (on our then-
                                                               current form) together with your Related Persons (including each
                                                               Guarantor) terminating the FA (which termination will exclude,
                                                               among other things, your guarantees, any of your obligations to
                                                               us or our affiliates which remain outstanding and/or unsatisfied,
                                                               and the post-termination and post-expiration provisions of this
                                                               Agreement which, by their nature, are intended to survive) and (ii)
                                                               releasing us and the Franchisor Parties of any and all claims,
                                                               demands and causes of action which you and each of your
                                                               Related Persons (including each Guarantor); furnished us a copy
                                                               of the transfer agreement and related documents; and paid us the
                                                               transfer fee. If you are transferring franchise agreements that are
                                                               our older form of franchise agreement, then you must sign the
                                                               transfer documents that are Exhibit D to this disclosure document.
                                                               We also must determine that the total transfer price will not
                                                               jeopardize the economic viability of the Restaurant or the
                                                               transferee. Any transfer of a System Restaurant or a controlling
                                                               ownership interest in you, any of your affiliates that control you,
                                                               or any System Restaurants must be made only with at least 30
                                                               days’ advance notice to us and our prior written consent.
  n.   PHLLC's right of first    Sections 18.06 and 18.09      We can match any offer for the interest being transferred.
       refusal to acquire your
       business

  o.   PHLLC's option to         Sections 24.01 and 25.01      Upon expiration or termination, we must buy all in-stock secret
       purchase your business                                  spices and other trade secret items and may acquire any or all
                                                               Restaurant assets and/or your lease for the Location.



                                                          45
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
