         complete such training (except, as provided below). Currently, successful completion of First
         Slice requires at least the following: your attendance (including all personnel we may require)
         at all “one-on-one” meetings with designated Pizza Hut functional leaders; your attendance
         (including all personnel we may require) at all Pizza Prep classes at or near our corporate
         headquarters; your completion (including all personnel we may require) of in-restaurant
         training at a time we designate; and your satisfaction (including all personnel we may require)
         of all portions of the First Slice Onboarding Checklist. If, following any such Initial Training
         Program (including re-enrollment training), we determine in our business judgment that you
         and/or your Qualified Operators have failed to attend or successfully complete our applicable
         Initial Training Program to our satisfaction, we reserve the right to require remediation.

    B. Restaurant Managers. You must ensure that your Restaurant managers complete training
       (on an initial and ongoing basis as we may require) in accordance with our Brand Standards.

    C. Training Costs.
         1. The cost of the Initial Training Program is included in the initial franchise fee for one
            Qualified Operator. You must pay us an additional charge for providing our Initial Training
            Program to subsequent personnel, whether required or at your request, including
            additional or successor Qualified Operators. We will determine the date of
            commencement, location, duration and content of the Initial Training Program and notify
            you of them.
         2. Under no circumstance will any of your trainees be deemed to be our employees or
            compensated by us in connection with any work they may perform or services they may
            render in the course of participating in any of our training programs, and we will not
            reimburse you for the same. At all times, you must pay all of the expenses incurred by
            your trainees or attendees in connection with any training, conferences, conventions or
            other meetings they attend, including their salaries, transportation costs, meals, lodging
            and other living expenses.
    D. Changes to the Training Programs. We may alter or enhance the content and/or
       components of First Slice at our discretion. We reserve the right at all of our training programs
       to determine the duration of such programs, what subjects are included in the curriculum of
       our training programs and to train any number of individuals from any number of Pizza Hut
       Businesses, whether franchised or otherwise affiliated with us, at the same time. We reserve
       the right to furnish segments of our training programs by means of a company intranet or
       other electronic mode of communications (such as web based tutorials, video streaming or
       through other now or hereafter developed media).
7.02     On-Site Training or Assistance

You may request on-site training or assistance at any time in accordance with guidelines we may
specify in the Brand Standards or otherwise. We will not be obligated to provide on-site training or
assistance, but if we elect to do so, we may impose a reasonable fee for each day of on-site training
or assistance we agree to provide. The timing of all advice, consultation and training provided for in
this Agreement will be subject to the availability of our personnel.
7.03     On-Going Training

    A. We may from time to time develop additional training programs which your Qualified Operator
       and your Restaurant manager(s) must attend and successfully complete. We will determine
       the duration, curriculum and locations of these future additional training programs, which may
       be conducted in person or by means of a company intranet or other electronic means of
                                                        11
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
