         6. Not be in default under, but instead be current with, all contracts or agreements with your
            principal vendors, suppliers and other business creditors (including the lessor or
            sublessor of your Location(s), us and our affiliates).
         7. Comply in all respects with the pre-opening obligations set forth in this Agreement, the
            Brand Standards or other written notices we may furnish to you.

    C. You must send us a written notice of the actual opening date of each Restaurant franchised
       hereunder concurrent with such opening.
8.02     Compliance with Applicable Law

You agree to adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity and fair dealing in all dealings with
the public and to operate your Pizza Hut Business and its Restaurant(s) in strict compliance with
Applicable Law, including Anti-Terrorism Laws and PCI compliance standards. You agree that you
will not hire, retain, employ or otherwise engage the services of any individual or entity in
contravention of any Anti-Terrorism Law or any other law. You further agree to obtain and keep in
good standing all licenses, permits and authorizations required by Applicable Law. In connection
with such compliance efforts, you agree not to enter into any prohibited transactions and to properly
perform any currency reporting and other activities relating to your Restaurant(s) as may be required
by us or by law. You confirm that you, your owners, employees, agents, and representatives are not
presently listed (nor has any such individual previously been listed) on the U.S. Treasury
Department’s List of Specially Designated Nationals, the Annex to Executive Order 13224 (the Annex
is currently available at http://www.treasury.gov), or in any other governmental list which prohibits us
or you from dealing with such individuals, and agree not to hire any person so listed or have any
dealing with a person so listed. You are solely responsible for ascertaining what actions must be
taken by you to comply with all such Applicable Laws, and specifically acknowledge and agree that
your indemnification responsibilities as provided in Section 14 pertain to your obligations hereunder.
8.03     Management and Operation of the Business

    A. Your Participation. You agree to participate in the general management of the franchised
       Business. You further agree to ensure that, at all times, there is qualified and competent
       management of the day-to-day operation of the franchised Business. You agree to devote
       your time, attention and best efforts to the performance of your obligations under this
       Agreement, all ancillary documents relating to this Agreement and all other agreements which
       may now or hereafter be in effect between us (or any affiliate) and you (or any affiliate). If you
       are licensed to operate more than one Business, then you agree to devote such amount of
       your time and attention to the performance of your duties as is necessary for the proper and
       effective operation of each such Business.

    B. Your Qualified Operators. You must designate, and at all times maintain, one or more
       Qualified Operators (in such number as we require) to devote all appropriate time, attention,
       and best efforts to the performance of your obligations under this Agreement, all ancillary
       documents relating to this Agreement and all other agreements which may now or hereafter
       be in effect between us (or any affiliate) and you (or any affiliate). The number of Qualified
       Operators is determined in accordance to the size and scope of your Business. If your entity’s
       principal owner is an individual, then such individual may serve as a Qualified Operator.

    C. Qualified Operator Approval.
         1. Each of your Qualified Operators must be approved by us, and such approval shall not
            be unreasonably withheld. To secure our approval, your Qualified Operators must: (i) at

                                                        13
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
