16.03 Our Defense of the Pizza Hut Marks and Copyrights

    A. If you receive notice, are informed of, or learn of any claim, suit, or demand against you on
       account of any alleged infringement, unfair competition, or similar matter relating to your use
       of the Pizza Hut Marks or any of our copyrights (each, a “claim”), you agree to promptly notify
       us. We will then promptly take any action we may consider necessary to protect and defend
       you against the claim, so long as the claim is based solely on any alleged infringement, unfair
       competition, or similar matter relating to your use of the Pizza Hut Marks. You may not settle
       or compromise any claim of a third party without our prior written consent. We will have the
       sole right to defend, compromise, and settle the claim (as well as any other administrative
       proceedings or litigation involving the Pizza Hut Marks) at our sole cost and expense, using
       our own counsel. You agree to cooperate fully with us in connection with the defense of the
       claim and to execute any and all documents, and do any and all things, as our counsel deems
       necessary, including (but not limited to) becoming a nominal party to any legal action. If you
       do so, then we shall reimburse you for your out-of-pocket costs in doing such acts and things,
       but you will bear the salary costs of your employees and we will bear the costs of any
       judgment or settlement. You grant irrevocable authority to us, and appoint us as your attorney
       in fact, to defend and/or settle all claims of this type. You may participate at your own expense
       in the defense or settlement, but our decisions with regard to the defense or settlement will
       be final.

    B. We will have no obligation to you under this Section 16.03 if the claim arises out of or relates
       to your use of any of the Pizza Hut Marks in violation of the terms of this Agreement and/or
       the Brand Standards.
16.04 Prosecution of Infringers

If you receive notice or are informed or learn that any third party which you believe is not authorized
to use the Pizza Hut Marks is using the Pizza Hut Marks or any variant of the Pizza Hut Marks, you
agree to promptly notify us. We will then determine whether or not we wish to take any action against
the third party on account of the alleged infringement of our Pizza Hut Marks. You will have no right
to make any demand or to prosecute any infringement claim. If we undertake an action against an
infringing party, we have the sole right to control such action, and you must execute any and all
documents and do such acts and things as, in our counsel’s opinion, are necessary including (but
not limited to) becoming a nominal party to any legal action. Unless the litigation is the result of your
improper use of the Pizza Hut Marks, we shall reimburse you for your out-of-pocket costs in doing
such acts and things, but you will bear the salary costs of your employees.
16.05 Discontinuance or Substitution of Pizza Hut Marks
If now or hereafter one or more of the Pizza Hut Marks can no longer be used, or if we in our sole
business judgment determine to adopt and use one or more additional or substitute Pizza Hut Marks
or discontinue any Pizza Hut Marks, then you agree to promptly comply with any of our directions or
instructions to modify or discontinue use of any Pizza Hut Marks and/or adopt and use one or more
additional substitute Pizza Hut Marks. We shall have no obligation to reimburse you for any
expenditures you make to comply with such instructions or directions. Nor will we be liable to you for
any other expenses, losses or damages sustained by you or your franchised Business as a result of
any Pizza Hut Marks addition, modification, substitution or discontinuation. You waive any claim for
any such expenses, losses or damages and covenant not to commence or join in any litigation or
other proceeding against us or any of our affiliates for any of these expenses, losses or damages.




                                                        35
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
