13.05 Inspection

    A. Our Right to Inspect. We and any of our authorized agents or representatives may enter
       your Restaurant(s) and any premises of your franchised Business, and/or visit any other
       locations at which you have provided or are providing products, programs or services to
       customers or at which you maintain business records, and inspect, photograph, record (both
       audio and video) and audit the food and beverage items and other products, programs and
       services provided from or at such locations; the products and supplies contained at such
       locations and their condition; confer with your employees and customers; and, assess your
       operating systems and compliance with this Agreement and the Brand Standards. We shall
       conduct such inspections during normal business hours and at any other reasonable time we
       determine. We may conduct such inspections with or without prior notice to you. You shall
       cooperate with our representatives in conducting such inspections by rendering any
       assistance they may reasonably request. Further, you consent to all photos, video, and audio
       recordings and agree to cooperate fully with us and our designees during all periodic visits
       and inspections, and agree to obtain all third-party consents required under applicable laws
       to permit such photos, video, and audio recordings.

    B. Your Right to Cure. If any inspection indicates any deficiency, you will correct or repair the
       deficiency within 48 hours after you receive a written report of the deficiency from us, unless
       we otherwise specify a timeline to you for correction. If (a) the deficiency is one that you have
       a right to cure under Section 23.03 and (b) the deficiency cannot be cured within 48 hours,
       you will not be in default if you begin the necessary corrections or repairs within the 48 hour
       period, and diligently pursue the work to completion. If the deficiency is one that imminently
       threatens the health or safety of your employees or the consuming public, we may (instead
       of terminating this Agreement as authorized by Section 23.02) require you to cease operating
       the affected System Restaurant(s) until the deficiency is corrected and you agree to
       cooperate fully with us and the appropriate authorities with respect to the investigation and
       management of any such threat (including incidents of food contamination, food
       spoilage/poisoning, food tampering/sabotage, contagious diseases, natural disasters,
       terrorist acts, shootings or other acts of violence, data breaches (real or threatened), or any
       other similar circumstance) in an effort to mitigate possible damage to the Pizza Hut Marks
       and System Restaurants. If you do not cure the deficiency within the permitted time, we may
       make, or hire someone else to make, the corrections or repairs. You will reimburse us, upon
       demand, for all of our repair or correction expenses.
13.06 Intellectual Property You Develop

You hereby permanently and irrevocably assign to us, in perpetuity throughout the world, any and
all rights and interests (including intellectual property rights and interests) to any and all of the
following which is developed by you, or on your behalf, if developed in whole or in part in connection
with your franchised Business or Restaurant(s): all food and beverage items or variations, all
programs, products or services; all variations, modifications and/or improvements on programs,
products or services; your means, manner and style of offering and selling programs, products and
services; management techniques or protocols you may develop (or have developed on your behalf);
all layout schematics and design elements; all sales, marketing, advertising and promotional
programs, campaigns or materials developed by you or on your behalf; and, all other intellectual
property developed by you or on behalf of your franchised Business. Except to the extent prohibited
by applicable law, codes, rules or regulations, you waive, and will cause each of your employees or
independent contractors who contributed to System modifications and/or improvements to waive, all
“moral rights of authors” or any similar rights in such modifications and/or improvements. We may
authorize ourselves, our affiliates and/or other franchised Businesses to use and exploit any such

                                                        23
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
