not maintain such relationships. The procedures governing our National, Regional and
Institutional Accounts program are in the Brand Standards.
    Under the Location Franchise Agreement, you waive and release any claims, demands, or
damages arising from or related to any of the above activities and promise never to begin or join
in any legal action or proceeding, or register a complaint with any governmental entity, directly or
indirectly contending otherwise.
    Delivery Area
    In addition to the Protected Radius, we grant you a specified delivery area for each System
Restaurant you operate (the “Delivery Area”) within which you may deliver the Approved Products.
The Delivery Area is identified in Appendix B to the Location Franchise Agreement. Periodically
we may reasonably modify your Delivery Area upon written notice to you in response to changed
demographics, population shifts, business or residential development, or similar metrics to further
your ability to provide Adequate Delivery Service in accordance with the Brand Standards. In
addition, we may temporarily expand your Delivery Area upon written notice to you. This
temporary expansion is outside the normal course of operations, and we may therefore reduce or
terminate the expanded area at any time, for any reason, upon written notice to you.
     As long as you provide Adequate Delivery Service throughout the Delivery Area, we will not
provide delivery service, and will not allow any other licensee or franchisee to provide delivery
service, for Approved Products using the Pizza Hut Marks to any point within the Delivery Area.
“Adequate Delivery Service” means service in accordance with our then-current Brand Standards
for delivery (including Brand Standards governing online, smartphone, or other now or hereafter
developed modes enabling customers to place orders for delivery), taking into account various
criteria including potential sales volume, market demographics, saturation analysis, diversion of
sales from your other System Restaurants, and geographic characteristics of the Delivery Area.
    If we determine that you are not providing Adequate Delivery Service, we will notify you in
writing. You may dispute our initial determination in writing, and you have 30 days to cure any
delivery deficiencies, but if we finally determine you are not providing Adequate Delivery Service
and have not satisfactorily cured that failure, we may redefine your delivery area. If we later
determine you have again failed to provide Adequate Delivery Service, then we may terminate
your right to operate the System Restaurant serving the Delivery Area following written notice of
default and your failure to cure.
    Following a determination that you have failed to provide Adequate Delivery Service and
throughout any cure period, we or another Pizza Hut franchisee or licensee may furnish delivery
service within all or a portion of your Delivery Area.
     Any action we take to redefine the Delivery Area for an individual System Restaurant will have
no effect on the Delivery Area of any other System Restaurant you may operate, unless the impact
is to expand the Delivery Area for a contiguous System Restaurant.
     Other than the requirement to provide Adequate Delivery Service, continuation of the limited
territorial rights described above does not depend on your achieving any particular sales volume,
market penetration, or other similar contingency. If you commit a default under the Franchise
Agreement that is not subject to cure, or if you fail to cure a curable default within the required
cure period, we reserve the right to reduce your Protected Radius and/or Delivery Area in lieu of
terminating the Franchise Agreement. There are no other circumstances which permit us to
modify these limited territorial rights. You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights
to acquire additional franchises within the territory or contiguous territories.



                                                   37
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
