        to match any change in the price or fee Pizza Hut is charged by PH Digital Ventures UK Ltd or its Affiliate
        for the Digital Program and/or HutBot; (ii) the fees set forth in each applicable Order Form will be
        invoiced pursuant to the terms of such Order Form.

   4.2. Except as otherwise specified herein, fees are based on the Services purchased and not actual usage,
        payment obligations are non-cancelable, payment terms are quoted from the date of invoice and fees
        paid are non-refundable.

   4.3. Any payment not received from Customer by the due date may accrue, at Pizza Hut’s discretion, late
        charges at the rate of 1.5% of the outstanding balance per month, or the maximum rate permitted by
        law, whichever is lower; from the date such payment was due until the date paid.

   4.4. Taxes. If applicable, all sums payable to Pizza Hut under this Agreement are exclusive of value added
        tax (“VAT”), and Customer will in addition pay an amount equal to any VAT chargeable on those sums
        on delivery of a VAT invoice. Where required by applicable law, Customer will levy (and withhold) any
        withholding taxes on payments made pursuant to this Agreement and pay them to the applicable tax
        authorities. In such case, Customer must deduct the amount of the withholding taxes from the payment
        due to Pizza Hut under this Agreement, and must provide to Pizza Hut documentary evidence that
        Customer made the withholding and paid it in a timely manner to the specific authority to which it is due,
        including, but not limited to, receipts validly issued by the governmental authority evidencing payment
        or any other document reasonably evidencing filing and payment of these withholding taxes (such as a
        self-assessment regarding payment such withholding taxes). Such receipts or evidence must be
        provided as soon as possible after remittance of the payments under this Agreement and within 10
        business days after the issuance of the receipts or the filing of the specific document evidencing filing
        and payment of such withholding tax, as the case may be.

   4.4.1. If Pizza Hut is entitled to apply for an exemption or lower tax rate than the general withholding tax
          rate under applicable law, Pizza Hut will provide Customer with a tax residence certificate or any
          other documentation issued by the competent tax authorities evidencing the tax residence as may be
          required by the relevant double tax treaty or by law as a precondition to exemption or to the application
          of a rate lower than that of general application. Upon request, such documentation will be delivered
          to Customer on or before the date on which the corresponding payment is due or made, whichever
          occurs first and will be renewed, as required.

   4.4.2. Both parties will each bear their own tax liabilities resulting from this Agreement pursuant to law,
          without prejudice to the obligations set out in the paragraphs of this Section 4.

   4.4.3. Notwithstanding this Section 4, Pizza Hut reserves in its sole and unfettered discretion to gross up
          these amounts payable to account for any withholding taxes, whether direct or indirect, duties, levies
          payable by Pizza Hut or Customer on such payments, including without limitation any service taxes,
          whether due to change of law or otherwise in the event that it is found Customer does not make
          payment or cannot prove to have made payment of such taxes on behalf of itself or Pizza Hut to the
          relevant tax authority.

   4.4.4. If Customer requests additional Services outside the agreed upon scope of the Order Form, Pizza
          Hut may charge additional services or professional fees at its standard rate card, subject to a yearly
          inflation rate according to the United States Consumer Price Index during the Term.

5. Intellectual Property Rights.

   5.1. Generally. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services and Documentation, including, without
        limitation, all modifications, enhancements and intellectual property rights thereto will belong solely to
        Pizza Hut and/or its applicable Affiliates or suppliers.

   5.2. Ownership and Use of Customer Data. As between Pizza Hut and Customer, Pizza Hut exclusively
        owns all right, title and interest in and to the Customer Data that is not Personal Data. Pizza Hut may
        (i) compile statistical and other information related to the performance, operation and use of the Digital
        Platform, Services, and Customer Data, and (ii) use data from the Digital Platform, Services, and
        Customer Data in aggregated form for security and operations management, to create statistical
