          2.        Confidentiality. All proprietary, confidential information disclosed by each other during
                    performance of this Agreement, whether or not identified as proprietary, and not
                    otherwise provided for in this Agreement, will be held in confidence and used only in
                    performance of this Agreement. Each party will exercise the same standard of care to
                    protect the other's proprietary data from unauthorized disclosures. There will be no
                    restrictions of use on information disclosed by one party to the other party hereunder
                    which information (i) is in the public domain as of the effective date of this Agreement
                    or which later comes into the public domain from a source other than the receiving party,
                    or (ii) comes to the receiving party from a bona fide third party source having the right to
                    freely disclose such information to the receiving party without restrictions or obligations
                    of confidentiality.

          3.        Waiver. Any waiver by either party of any provision of this Agreement will not imply a
                    subsequent waiver of that or any other provision.

          4.        Entire Agreement. In relation to the subject matter hereunder, this Agreement, including
                    the Exhibits, Addendums, and Schedules attached hereto and incorporated herein,
                    embodies the entire contractual agreement of the parties and there is no other oral or
                    written agreement or understanding between the parties at the time of execution
                    hereunder. This Agreement cannot be modified except by the written agreement of both
                    parties hereto.

          5.        Survival. All of a party’s rights and privileges, to the extent they are fairly attributable
                    to events or conditions occurring or existing on or prior to the termination hereof, will
                    survive the termination and be enforceable by the party and its successors and assigns.

          6.        Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF
                    THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS
                    PRINCIPLE. ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY
                    HERETO WHICH IS BASED ON OR DERIVES FROM THIS AGREEMENT WILL
                    BE BROUGHT IN A FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN DALLAS
                    COUNTY, TEXAS.

          7.        Legal Construction. If any provision(s) of this Agreement is/are declared invalid or
                    unenforceable pursuant to a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction or as
                    a result of future legislative action, this Agreement will terminate as of the date upon
                    which the ruling becomes final or the legislative action takes effect.

          8.        Binding Effect. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and bind the parties hereto,
                    including their proper successors and assigns.

          9.        Authority. Franchisee warrants and represents that its signature set forth below have been
                    and are on the date of this Agreement duly authorized by all necessary and appropriate
                    corporate action to execute this Agreement.



                                                                      5
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. G - Pizza Hut Learning Management System Services and Support Agreement
1334.003.003/442907
