   3.1. Pizza Hut Responsibilities. Pizza Hut will (i) routinely backup (not less frequently than once-per-day)
        all Customer Data; and (ii) use industry standard security measures to maintain Customer’s Users’ login
        information (e.g., User IDs and passwords) for the Services in confidence. Pizza Hut may use and
        access Customer’s account and Customer Data as necessary to identify or resolve technical problems
        or respond to complaints about the Services. All storage, backup and archival media, containing
        Customer Data will be (a) physically stored in a secured area (b) logically separated from any other
        Customer’s data and (c) protected by industry standard encryption methods.

   3.2. Customer Responsibilities. Customer will (a) continuously use the Services during the Term,
        including, without limitation, ensuring Services are accessible via the internet or other
        telecommunication or digital transmission links at the Licensed Locations, (b) be responsible for Users’
        compliance with this Agreement, and (c) use the Services only in accordance with applicable laws and
        government regulations. Customer further agrees that the Digital Program does not replace any of the
        Customer’s or Licensed Location’s training processes, manuals, audits, documentation, operations,
        and/or other processes, and Customer is solely responsible for any of its Licensed Location’s
        operations. Customer will not and will procure that none of the Users will (i) upload or otherwise transmit
        through the Services any material that is obscene, defamatory, libelous, and slanderous or which
        violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, which encourages conduct
        that would constitute a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any law, (ii) use
        the Services to store or transmit Malicious Code, (iii) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance
        of the Services or third-party data contained therein, or (iv) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the
        Services or their related systems or networks. Any conduct by Customer and/or of the Users that in
        Pizza Hut’s discretion restricts or inhibits any other Pizza Hut Customer from using or enjoying the
        Services is expressly prohibited. Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent
        unauthorized access to, or use of, the Services, and notify Pizza Hut promptly of any such unauthorized
        access or use. Customer will be responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telephone, computer
        hardware, devices, and other equipment needed for access to and use of the Services and all charges
        and security related thereto. Customer will notify Pizza Hut promptly if Customer becomes aware of, or
        suspect, any breach of security or unauthorized access to or use of the Services or of any account used
        to access the Services. Pizza Hut is not responsible for the security of the Customer’s network,
        hardware, and IT systems, including, without limitation, any possible, suspected, or actual breach of
        Customer’s physical or IT security defenses and resultant disclosure of any data of Customer or its
        personnel. With respect to data that may qualify as personal data or personally identifiable information
        within the meaning of privacy laws applicable to Customer and/or to Pizza Hut entities during the term
        of this Agreement (such data, “Personal Data”), Customer will, in its use of the Services provided by
        Pizza Hut hereunder, collect, access, use, store, disclose, dispose of, transfer and otherwise process
        the Personal Data of Customer and its users in accordance with the requirements of applicable data
        protection laws and regulations. Customer will have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, and
        legality of such Personal Data and the means by which Customer acquires such Personal Data,
        including, but not limited to, obtaining consent and providing notice to the applicable data subjects.
        Customer agrees to indemnify and hold Pizza Hut and its affiliates harmless from any claim related to
        the foregoing. If Customer collects or processes Personal Data on behalf of Pizza Hut, Customer will
        obtain consent and provide notice to the relevant data subjects that Pizza Hut is a separate controller
        (if applicable) of such Personal Data.

   3.3. Customer Data License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Pizza Hut grants to
        Customer and its Affiliates a perpetual, nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable,
        sublicensable license to use, copy, store, process, manipulate, modify, change, configure, perform,
        display and transmit Customer Data as necessary to access and use the Services.

   3.4. Service Level Agreement. The service level agreement contained in Exhibit A applies to the provision
        of the Services.

4. Fees.

   4.1. Payment. Customer agrees to pay Pizza Hut a fee in accordance with the amounts and dates specified
        on the applicable Order Form(s). Except as otherwise provided: (i) the subscription fees set forth in
        each applicable Order Form will be fixed during the Initial Term; provided, however, that following the
        expiry of the Initial Term, Pizza Hut may increase such fees at any time at its absolute and sole discretion
