     collection agency or in connection with our collection efforts; and (d) all amounts you owe us or
     our affiliates for programs, products or services that you purchase from us or our affiliates.

19.09 Offset Rights
At any time that you or any of your Related Persons are 30 days or more delinquent in paying any
sums owed to us or our affiliates, we may offset any sums owing by us or our affiliates against monies
owed by you or any of your Related Persons.
                      20. RECORDS, AUDITS AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
20.01 Your Submission of Financial Statements

A.   No later than 45 days following the end of each calendar quarter during the Term of this
     Agreement, you agree to furnish us, in a form and manner of communication we designate, a
     statement of your franchised Business’s profit and loss for the quarter, on a Restaurant-by-
     Restaurant basis. You must certify these statements to be true and correct.
B.   No later than 90 days following the end of each of your fiscal years during the Term of this
     Agreement, you shall furnish to us, in a form and mode of communication we designate, a
     statement of your franchised Business’s profit and loss for the fiscal year and a consolidated
     balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year, prepared in accordance with United States
     generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. We may request that your annual
     profit and loss statement and balance sheet be reviewed by an independent certified public
     accountant in accordance with the Statements on Standards for Accounting and Review
     Services, and will contain a signed opinion by the accountant to that effect. Together with your
     annual profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet, you must furnish us with a
     certificate from your independent certified public accountant that all Social Security payments,
     taxes and fees required to be paid by you, your franchised Business and/or your Restaurant(s)
     to any governmental agency or entity have been paid, and that there is no reason to believe that
     your status has been impaired.
C.   We reserve the right to require any further information about your franchised Business and its
     Restaurant(s) which we may from time to time reasonably prescribe.
D.   We will take reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of all financial reports you
     furnish to us, but if you execute any promissory note to us or our affiliates, we may disclose your
     financial reports to any third party to whom we or our affiliate may sell or pledge (or attempt to
     sell or pledge) your promissory notes to us. In addition, you hereby authorize us to incorporate
     in our franchise disclosure document information derived from your financial statements, so long
     as you or your franchised Business are not individually identified.
20.02 Selection of Accountants

You must use the accounting services of a national or large regional firm of certified public
accountants which you select, or another accounting service reasonably satisfactory to us. You will
notify us of the name and qualifications of any accounting service (other than a national or large
regional firm of certified public accountants already known to us) which you select and that
accounting service will be considered satisfactory to us unless, within 30 days following our receipt
of your notice of the name and qualifications of the accounting service, we notify you of our objection
to the accounting service. We may withdraw our approval of any accounting service (including
national and large regional firms) upon reasonable advance notice to you.




                                                        49
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
