fee is temporarily suspended for the first quarter of 2026; however, the collection of this fee may
resume at any time.
    You may be required to update your Restaurant(s) to comply with our then-current technology
specifications (including digital technology specifications). Costs for future upgrades will be your
responsibility. Such upgrades may require you to purchase new technologies, as well as
improvements to or modifications of existing technologies, from us, our affiliates, or designated
third parties and to enter into related license and support agreements with us, our affiliates, or
designated third parties and pay all related costs and fees, including fees to support any online
and smartphone “app” ordering systems. We reserve the right to state license, support,
maintenance, and other technology fees separately or in the aggregate and to change the basis
of the allocation of any fees from time to time to reflect: (i) any increase or decrease in the costs
and expenses providing the applicable services, or (ii) any change in the competitive needs of the
System, including the right to change the basis for charging such fees, so long as the charges are
computed on a fair and consistent basis among similarly situated System Restaurants receiving
the services for utilizing the applicable systems. Your adoption and utilization of the foregoing
must conform to the timing we reasonably specify.
Additional Third-Party Technology Services
     To operate the Computer System, you must obtain telecom services, internet connectivity
(broadband), network services, and credit card processing services that comply with minimum
standards we set from one of our approved vendors (“Additional Third-Party Technology
Services”). You will deal directly with our approved vendors to obtain and maintain these services.
If the minimum standards for internet connectivity cannot be met due to geographical availability,
you must obtain the best available connectivity in that area. The cost for the Additional Third-Party
Technology Services varies from $5,500 to $8,000 per year, per unit, and is paid directly to the
individual vendors.
                                              ITEM 12
                                           TERRITORY
    You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees,
from outlets that we (or our affiliates) own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
brands that we control.
Location Franchise Agreement
    Protected Radius
     We will grant you a protected radius of 500 yards surrounding the Location of each System
Restaurant (the “Protected Radius”). Subject to your compliance with all Brand Standards,
fulfilling delivery orders to National, Regional and Institutional Accounts, and providing Adequate
Delivery Service throughout your Delivery Area(s), we will not develop or operate, or allow any
other franchisee or licensee to develop or operate, at the Location or within the Protected Radius,
a System Restaurant that is the same as the type of System Restaurant Concept that you operate
at the Location. We may, however, own, franchise, or license any other type of System Restaurant
Concept within the Protected Radius, and may own, franchise, or license any type of System
Restaurant Concept (including the one you operate) at any location outside the Protected Radius,
including a location that is proximate to the Protected Radius.
    We also may purchase, merge, acquire, be acquired by, or affiliate with an existing competitive
or non-competitive franchise or non-franchise network, chain, or any other business regardless
of the location of that other business’ facilities, and we may then operate, franchise or license
those other businesses and/or facilities under any names or marks, including the Pizza Hut Marks,

                                                 35
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
