Systemwide Supply Contract. We make no representation that you would not be able to purchase
the same programs, products and/or services at a lower price from another supplier. We may add
to, modify, substitute or discontinue Systemwide Supply Contracts or exclusive supply
arrangements in the exercise of our business judgment.
McLane
    McLane Foodservice, Inc. (“McLane”) is the principal distributor for the Pizza Hut system.
Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC (“RSCS” described below) manages our relationship
with McLane, which serves as the largest distributor for Pizza Hut concepts in the U.S. As a Pizza
Hut system franchisee, you would purchase from McLane most of the proprietary and non-
proprietary food and restaurant supplies needed to operate a System Restaurant. RSCS
negotiates the price and other purchase terms of most of the proprietary and non-proprietary items
distributed and sold by McLane to the Pizza Hut system.
Pepsico Sales, Inc.
   We have an agreement with Pepsico Sales, Inc. (a subsidiary of PepsiCo, Inc.) (“Pepsi”), to
serve only soft drinks licensed by Pepsi and/or by the Pepsi/Lipton Tea Partnership (with some
exceptions) through December 31, 2026 (the “Pepsi Agreement”). You will sign a Pepsi-Cola
Beverage Supply and Marketing Agreement – Franchisee Adoption Agreement (Exhibit E-1)
under which you will enjoy the benefits of, and be bound by, the Pepsi Agreement. Under that
agreement and PHLLC’s menu policies, you may sell only products licensed by Pepsi and/or the
Pepsi/Lipton Tea Partnership, subject to certain exceptions.
Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC
   We currently use a managed services solution provided by Comcast for communication
services to the System Restaurants. To receive these services, you must sign the Comcast
Adoption Agreement, which is Exhibit E-2 to this disclosure document.
Delivery Aggregators
    Certain of our franchisees are currently participating in delivery programs with Grubhub, Uber
Eats and DoorDash. To participate in these programs, you must enter into a contract with the
corresponding third party delivery aggregators. We will receive royalty payments from Grubhub,
Uber Eats and DoorDash for licensing the Pizza Hut brand and Pizza Hut Marks to those third
parties to provide services to System Restaurants. In our 2025 fiscal year, we received
approximately $12,141,676.03 in royalties associated with our arrangements with Grubhub, Uber
Eats and DoorDash with respect to our franchised System Restaurants.
Mastercard
   Currently, Mastercard pays YRSG an annual rebate based on the amount of payment
processing fees paid on certain qualifying transactions at System Restaurants accepting
Mastercard cards. During our fiscal year ended December 29, 2025, YRSG received
approximately $64,000 from Mastercard as a result of Pizza Hut’s franchisees’ and licensees’
qualified transactions.
Visa
    Currently, Visa pays YRSG a credit for value-in-kind services as well as reimbursements and
performance bonuses paid on certain qualifying transactions at Pizza Hut restaurants accepting
Visa cards. During the fiscal year ended December 29, 2025, YRSG received approximately
$491,479 from Visa as a result of Pizza Hut franchisees’ and licensees’ qualified transactions.



                                                22
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
