         New York General Business Law, §687.5, prohibits us from requiring a franchisee
         to assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel that would relieve
         a person from any duty or liability imposed by such law. To the extent the Franchise
         Agreement requires you to waive or release any claims you may have against us,
         or to acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial review any
         statement, misrepresentation, or action that would serve to relieve any person from
         liability under the New York General Business Law, such release, waiver, or
         acknowledgment shall not apply and shall be void to the extent that they would
         violate the non-waiver provisions of the New York General Business Law.
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements--No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act
(N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure
Document (offering prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a
sale may be made. New York law requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure
Document at the earliest of the first personal meeting, ten (10) business days before the
execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment of any consideration that
relates to the franchise relationship.
NORTH DAKOTA
The State of North Dakota has determined that the following types of provisions are
deemed to be contrary to North Dakota law:
         (a)      A provision requiring a North Dakota franchisee to sign a general release
                  upon renewal of the franchise agreement;
         (b)      A provision requiring a North Dakota franchisee to consent to termination
                  penalties or liquidated damages;
         (c)      A provision requiring a North Dakota franchisee to consent to the
                  jurisdiction of courts outside the state of North Dakota;
         (d)      A provision restricting the time in which a North Dakota franchisee may
                  make a claim to less than the applicable North Dakota statute of limitations;
         (e)      A provision calling for the waiver by a North Dakota franchisee of the right
                  to trial by jury;
         (f)      A provision requiring a North Dakota franchisee to consent to a waiver of
                  exemplary and punitive damages.
North Dakota Century Code Section 9-08-06 subjects covenants not to compete to the
provisions of that statute. The covenants not to compete contained within the Franchise
Agreement are subject to Section 9-08-06 and may be unenforceable under North Dakota
law.
The site of any mediation or arbitration of the parties’ disputes shall be at a site mutually
agreeable to all parties. If all parties cannot agree upon a location, the arbitration or
mediation shall be Fargo, North Dakota.
                                                6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-2 - State Addenda
1334.003.003/442897
