10  This total estimate does not contemplate use or lease of vehicles for System Restaurants that
offer delivery, as typically these vehicles are personally owned.
    We have relied on the more than 60 years’ experience we and our predecessors and affiliates
have in the Pizza Hut business to compile these estimates. You should review these figures
carefully with a business advisor before you decide to purchase the franchise. Except as
described in Item 10, we and our affiliates do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part
of the initial investment. Your ability to obtain financing will depend on a number of factors, such
as the general availability of financing, your credit worthiness, collateral you may have, and
lending policies of individual financial institutions. These estimates do not include any finance
charges, interest, or debt service payments.


                                               ITEM 8
                                 RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES
Computer System
    You must acquire the Computer System described in Item 11. The Computer System includes
a Restaurant Technology Suite composed of our approved point-of-sale system (“POS System”),
back of the house system (“BOH System”), kitchen management system (“KM System”), and a
tablet with mobile applications (“HutBot System”). Our affiliates, Pizza Hut Connect, LLC, National
Systems, LLC, and Dragontail Systems, Ltd. (and any subcontractors and agents, including Yum
Connect, LLC), are currently the only approved suppliers of the software included in the Computer
System. You must sign agreements with our affiliates for services related to the Computer
System, as described in Item 11. As of the date of this disclosure document, we will provide you
with the tablet required for the HutBot System, and you will acquire all other necessary hardware
to operate the Computer System software from an approved vendor and must dedicate that
hardware solely to the operation of the Computer System. You must also adopt, at your expense,
any successor computer systems (including all hardware, software, and related services) which
we may designate in the future as well as any other additional technology we identify in the Brand
Standards.
Proprietary Programs, Products and Services
    You must acquire and use any proprietary programs, products, and services (including food
or beverage items and ingredients, other products, supplies, equipment, materials, programs,
partnerships, systems, methods, platforms (including technology platforms), and services) used
in or sold at your System Restaurants only from us (or RSCS, described below) or a distributor,
manufacturer, producer, or supplier we designate in writing (an “Approved Distributor”).
Proprietary programs, products, and services are those which now comprise, or in the future may
comprise, a part of the System and which were developed by, are proprietary to or kept secret by
us or our affiliates. We do not currently earn a profit on the sale of proprietary products to you but
reserve the right to do so.
Non-Proprietary Programs, Products, and Services
    You must acquire and use required non-proprietary programs, products, and services
(including food and beverage items and ingredients, other products, supplies, equipment,
materials, programs, partnerships, relationships, systems, methods, platforms (including
technology platforms), and services) only from Approved Distributors; from suppliers you propose,
and we approve; and/or in accordance with our written specifications. You must purchase and
use only those items that comply with the Brand Standards and our specifications and, if there is


                                                  20
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
