    D. You purport or any Related Person purports to Transfer any rights or obligations under this
       Agreement, any Ownership Interest in you, the franchised Business or your System
       Restaurant(s) to any third party in violation of the terms of this Agreement.

    E. You or any of your Related Persons violates Section 18.07 or Section 18.08.

    F. You do not comply with the covenant not to compete set forth in this Agreement during the
       Term of this Agreement; you violate the restrictions pertaining to the use of Confidential
       Information contained in this Agreement; or, you do not obtain the execution of the additional
       covenants required by this Agreement.

    G. You knowingly or through gross negligence: conceal revenues; maintain false books or
       records; falsify information or otherwise defraud or make false representations to us or any
       governmental or quasi-governmental authority; omit or misrepresent any material fact in the
       information that you furnished to us in connection with our decision to enter into this
       Agreement.

    H. You do not maintain the financial records required by Section 20.03 of this Agreement.

    I.   You refuse us permission to inspect, or to conduct an operational and/or financial audit of,
         your Business.

    J. You take, withhold, misdirect or appropriate for your own use any funds withheld from your
       employees’ wages which should have been set aside for the franchised Business’ employee
       taxes, FICA, insurance or benefits; wrongfully take or appropriate for your own use our
       property or funds; systemically fail to deal fairly and honestly with your employees, customers
       or suppliers; or knowingly permit or, having discovered the facts, fail to take any action
       against, or to discharge, any agent, servant or employee who has embezzled our funds or
       property or that of any customers or others.

    K. After curing a default which is subject to cure under Section 23.03 below, you commit any act
       of default on two more occasions (for a total of at least three occasions) in any twelve-month
       period, or on four more occasions (for a total of at least five occasions) in any thirty-six month
       period.

    L. You do not comply for a period of fifteen (15) days after notification of non-compliance by us
       or any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, with any Applicable Law, in the
       absence of a good faith dispute over its application or legality and without promptly resorting
       to an administrative or judicial forum for relief.

    M. You do not purchase or maintain any category of insurance required by this Agreement.

    N. You, your franchised Business, your Qualified Operator and/or your System Restaurant(s)
       violate any Applicable Law, and/or engage in any act or practice, which subjects you and/or
       us to widespread publicity, ridicule or derision or operate your franchised Business and/or
       your System Restaurant in a fashion that, in our business judgment, in any way jeopardizes
       the life, health or safety of the general public, your customers and/or your employees. If you
       do so, then not only may we terminate this Agreement upon notice, but you agree that we
       may either beforehand or concurrently direct you to immediately close your System
       Restaurant; you shall immediately comply with such direction (which may be given orally or
       in writing); and, you shall hold us harmless from and against any claims whatsoever relating
       to our direction to close your System Restaurant.
                                                        57
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
