                                                    APPENDIX A


                                                    DEFINITIONS


“ADA” means the Americans with Disabilities Act.
“Adequate Delivery Service” means delivery service in accordance with our then-current Brand
Standards for delivery (including Brand Standards governing online, smartphone or other now or
hereafter developed modes enabling customers to place orders for delivery) taking into account
criteria including potential sales volume, market demographics, saturation analysis, diversion of
sales from your other Restaurants and geographic characteristics of the Delivery Area.
“Advertising Committee Agreement” means the agreement dated March 31, 1975 (as
subsequently amended) between Pizza Hut, LLC and IPHFHA concerning advertising for Pizza Hut
Restaurants.
“Advertising Fund” means the Pizza Hut Advertising Fund.
“Affiliate” (whether or not capitalized) means a Person Directly or Indirectly Controlling, Controlled
by or under common Control with another Person.
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” means any present or future federal, state and/or local law, rule, regulation
and requirement of any government authority (including the United States Department of Treasury
Office of Foreign Assets Control) addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and acts of war;
Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the United States; the U.S.A. Patriot Act; and any
successor or additional such anti-terrorism laws, rules, regulations, lists and requirements.
“Applicable Law” (whether or not capitalized) means all current and future laws, rules, regulations,
ordinances, codes and other legal requirements of any federal, state, county, municipal or local
governmental or quasi-governmental agency, commission and/or authority which govern the
construction or any element of the operation of your franchised Pizza Hut Business and its
Restaurant(s), including Anti-Terrorism Laws.
“Approved Distributors” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 9.04.
“Approved Products” means the food, beverages, promotional items and other products we
approve (in our Brand Standards or other written notice) for sale in, or other disposition to the public
from, the System Restaurant Concept(s) franchised under this Agreement.
“Bank Account” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 19.08.
“Brand Standards” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 6.01.
“Business” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 1.01.
“Damages” means all claims; causes of action; fines; penalties; interest; liabilities (including bodily
injury, death, property damage and loss, personal injury and mental injury); losses; employment
liabilities; compensatory, exemplary, statutory or punitive damages or liabilities; costs of
investigation; lost profits; court costs and expenses; reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees and
disbursements; settlement amounts; judgments; compensation for damage to our reputation and
goodwill; costs of or resulting from delays; travel, food, lodging and other expenses (including living
expenses) necessitated by the need or desire to appear before (or witness the proceedings of) courts
or tribunals (including arbitration tribunals), or government or quasi-governmental entities (including
those incurred by Franchisor Parties’ attorneys and/or experts); all expenses of recall, refunds,
compensation and public notices; all damages of any kind or description; and other such amounts
incurred in connection with the matters described.
                                                         1
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
