       method for resolving disputes between the parties to this Agreement. One neutral arbitrator
       experienced in the type of dispute will be chosen in accordance with AAA rules. The arbitrator will
       charge the reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of the prevailing party to the other party, but in an
       amount not to exceed one-half of the value of the award; provided, however, that for arbitration in
       which the arbitrator awards only equitable or injunctive relief, the preceding charge of attorneys’ fees
       will not apply, and each party will bear their own attorneys’ fees.

15.7.3. Either party may file an action in appropriate state or federal court to temporarily protect its rights
        under this Agreement pending the outcome of the dispute resolution process. The parties irrevocably
        consent to the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute arising out of this Agreement or any Order Form
        to be the Courts of New York. The parties agree that the Uniform Computer Information Transactions
        Act (US) and any substantially similar state law, whether in existence as of the Effective Date or
        enacted after the Effective Date, will not govern any aspect of this Agreement.


15.8. Survival. The parties’ rights and obligations regarding indemnification, data privacy, warranty, liability,
      and limits thereon, and confidentiality and/or protections of proprietary rights and trade secrets will
      survive the termination of this Agreement.

15.9. Notices. All notices required or contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing. Notices from
      Customer to Pizza Hut should be mailed to Pizza Hut Connect, LLC 7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas
      75024 and notices from Pizza Hut to Customer will be emailed to Customer at the address given in a
      signed Order Form. Any notice to be given or served hereunder by either party will be deemed given
      and received hereunder when emailed to Customer or Pizza Hut in accordance with this clause.
