             name used under this Agreement. You irrevocably appoint us as your attorney-in-fact to
             do so.
         4. Upon any termination of this Agreement by us for cause, we will have the right
            immediately to enter and take possession of your Restaurant to maintain continuous
            operation of the previously franchised business, provide for orderly change of
            management and disposition of personal property, and otherwise protect our interests. If
            you dispute the validity of our termination of the franchise, we will nevertheless have the
            option (which you irrevocably grant) to operate the business pending the final,
            unappealed determination of the dispute by a court of competent jurisdiction. If a court of
            competent jurisdiction makes a final, unappealed determination that the termination was
            not valid, we agree to make a full and complete accounting for the period during which
            we operated the previously franchised business.
         5. If we terminate this Agreement because of your default, you must pay us all losses and
            expenses we incur as a result of the default or termination, including all damages, costs,
            expenses, and reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees directly or indirectly related
            thereto, such as (without limitation) lost profits, lost opportunities, damage inuring to our
            Pizza Hut Marks and reputation, travel and personnel costs; and, the cost of securing a
            successor franchised business at the Restaurant Location. This obligation will give rise
            to and remain, until paid in full, a lien in our favor against any and all of the assets,
            property, furnishings, equipment, signs, fixtures and inventory owned by you or the
            franchised Business at the time of termination and against any of your money which we
            are holding or which is otherwise in our possession.
         6. Immediately deliver to us all training or other materials furnished to you (including the
            Brand Standards), all Confidential Information, computer software and database material,
            customer lists, records and files, documents, instructions, display items, advertising and
            promotional material, any and all materials, signs and related items which bear our Pizza
            Hut Marks or slogans or insignias or designs, advertising contracts, forms and other
            materials or property of ours, and any copies of them in your possession which relate to
            the operation of the franchised Business. You may retain no copy or record of any of
            these items, except for your copy of this Agreement, any correspondence between the
            parties and any other documents which you reasonably need for compliance with any
            provision of law. You agree that the foregoing items, materials, lists, files, software and
            other similar items will be considered to be our property for all purposes.
         7. Immediately execute all agreements necessary to effectuate the termination in a prompt
            and timely manner.
         8. At our option, either change the telephone numbers utilized by your franchised Business
            and its Restaurant(s) or, upon our written demand, direct the telephone company to
            transfer the telephone numbers (and associated listings) listed for the franchised
            Business (including your System Restaurants and centralized order-taking facilities, if
            any) to us or to any other Person or location that we direct. If you do not promptly direct
            the telephone company to do so, you irrevocably appoint us as your attorney-in-fact to
            direct the telephone company to do so.
         9. Strictly comply with the post-termination/post-expiration covenants not to compete set
            forth in Article 21 of this Agreement (including those restricting your ability to sell, assign,
            lease or otherwise grant possessory rights to your Restaurant(s) and/or Location(s) to a
            party intending to conduct a business which is or would be a Competitor thereat).
         10. Continue to abide by those restrictions pertaining to the use of our Confidential
             Information, trade secrets and know-how set forth in Article 21 of this Agreement.
                                                        62
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
