    advance of the proposed implementation), Franchisee will receive the following pricing:

         i.        One-time Installation Fee: $160 per store
        ii.        Monthly Fee:
                         • $0 per store per month for first three (3) months
                         • $45 per store per month for months four (4) through six (6)
                         • $75 per store per month in months seven (7) onwards *subject to Scale Pricing
                             threshold below

    2. Other Participants (Post-June 30, 2022 Sign-Up)

    If Franchisee executes this Agreement after June 30, 2022 to launch the System as soon as
    reasonably practicable, Franchisee will receive the following pricing:

         i.      One-time Installation Fee: $240 per store
        ii.      Monthly Fee: $75 per store per month *subject to Scale Pricing threshold below

For the avoidance of doubt, a store is deemed to be “installed” only if the installation of the System
(including the related cloud component) was successfully performed by Supplier in accordance with the
deployment plan consented to by the Franchisee, and the installation procedures mutually agreed upon
by Supplier and Pizza Hut, and the corresponding testing, validation, and the required cutover were
successfully performed with respect to the installation of the System (including the cloud component) for
the applicable store.

    3. Scale Pricing: The ongoing monthly price for the Customer System will be $75 per store per
       month (“Scale Pricing”) through at least June 30, 2024, so long as: (1) 3,584 stores have signed
       Franchisee Adoption Agreements with Supplier by December 26, 2022 to launch the System as
       soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Pizza Hut’s roll-out schedule; (2) 2,650 stores
       are actually live with the System by March 31, 2023; and (3) all stores that are not currently utilizing
       SUS/FMS for their point of sale system are live with the System by October 31, 2023.

              In the event any of the foregoing conditions for Scale Pricing is not met, the ongoing
              Monthly Fee for members of the Customer System will be $85 per store per month.

    4. All DT Fees will be invoiced to Franchisee as a separate line item alongside Franchisee’s SUS/FMS
       restaurant technology fees (as set forth in the SUS Agreement). Franchisee’s DT Fees will be
       invoiced by Pizza Hut, collected by Pizza Hut, and paid directly to Supplier by Pizza Hut on behalf
       of Franchisee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of non-payment by Franchisee of the DT
       Fees, Supplier may pursue all available remedies against Franchisee directly for such non-
       payment.

Term:

The term of this Agreement shall be coterminous with the SOW, subject to the termination rights set forth
therein and in the Master Services Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, in the event the SOW expires, is
terminated and/or is extended, this Agreement shall automatically, simultaneously expire, terminate or
extend on and/or until the same date.




                                                                                                    Page 2 of 3
