    The Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op was formed to allow us, our affiliates and franchisees to
conduct a purchasing program through RSCS. RSCS and the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op are
not affiliated with us and both are organized and operated independently.
    The Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op is governed by a Board of 8 voting members plus the
President of RSCS, who is a non-voting ex officio member. Franchisees who are stockholder
members elect 6 directors: 1 director is elected by franchisees members from each of 4
geographic regions and 2 at-large directors are elected by all franchisee members. We are a
stockholder member of the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op and are entitled to elect 2 of the Co-op’s
directors. Two directors of the Co-op representing the franchisee members are appointed
annually as voting directors of the RSCS Board of Directors.
     After you obtain a Pizza Hut franchise, you must join the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op. To join
the Co-op, you must purchase 1 share of Membership Common Stock (currently, $10) plus 1
share of Store Common Stock (currently, $400 per share) for each traditional Pizza Hut
Restaurant and two non-traditional Pizza Hut licensed locations you own. Pizza Hut licensees are
also eligible to join the Co-op but only if they are also a franchisee or they operate 25 or more
licensed locations. You may not sell or transfer your Co-op shares to third parties, but if you later
sell some or all of your Restaurants (or become ineligible for Co-op membership), the Co-op may
redeem your shares of Store Common Stock at your original purchase price; and, if you become
ineligible for membership, will redeem your share of Membership Common Stock for $10.
    Your membership in the Co-op makes you eligible to participate in RSCS’s purchasing
programs. Under the Co-op’s Bylaws (including Section 2.6 concerning purchase commitments
(Appendix J to the Location Franchise Agreement)), you must purchase virtually all goods and
equipment used in your Restaurants through the purchasing programs of the Pizza Hut
Purchasing Co-op and RSCS. RSCS and the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op may collect sourcing
fees directly or indirectly (from distributors or suppliers) from each stockholder member to fund
the purchasing programs and services of RSCS and the Co-op.
    You are required to join the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-Op. The Co-op’s Bylaws require that
the Co-op conduct 90% of the value of its business with its stockholder members, and the Co-op
and RSCS may refuse to do business with Pizza Hut franchisees who are not members of the
Co-op.
     For additional information about RSCS and the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op, contact Jill
Quinn, RSCS’s VP of Supply Chain of the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op, 7100 Corporate Drive,
Plano, Texas 75024 at 502-896-4127, and request a copy of the “Membership Information Packet”
for the Pizza Hut Purchasing Co-op.
                                               ITEM 9
                                      FRANCHISEE'S OBLIGATIONS
    This table lists your principal obligations under the Location Franchise Agreement. It
will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in those agreements
and in other Items in this disclosure document.
                      Obligation                           Section(s) in                     Item(s) in
                                                       Franchise Agreement                  Disclosure
                                                                                             Document
 (a) Site selection and acquisition/lease     5.01, 5.02, 5.03                       6, 7, 11

 (b) Pre-opening purchases/leases             5.02, 9.01-9.06, 11.01-11.02, 15.01-   8, 11
                                              15.04




                                                  24
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
