                                      EXHIBIT 3 - Security Approver Agreement
      FRANCHISEE DESIGNATED SECURITY APPROVER AGREEMENT
This Franchisee Security Approver Agreement (“agreement”), between the undersigned (“Security Approver”),
the undersigned Franchisee or their designated representative (Franchise Control Person), (“Franchisee”) and
Yum Restaurant Services Group, Inc. (together with its parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates (which shall mean
Yum! Brands, Inc. owns 51% or more of such affiliate), (referred to as “System Owner”), concerns use of System
Owner’s electronic communication systems (“E Systems”), including but not limited to internet, intranet, and e-
mail systems.

By signing below, Security Approver agrees to the following provisions (to which System Owner also agrees):

System Owner owns the E Systems or has rights to use E Systems. All information on the E Systems, as well as
the terms and conditions of this agreement, is the confidential information of System Owner and/or System
Owner’s authorized suppliers, franchisees, licensees, joint venturer, or other third party (collectively, the
“System”), and will not be used except for the benefit of the System as authorized by System Owner.

Franchisee and Security Approver will follow, and take reasonable steps to ensure that its users follow, the
guidelines and policies concerning use of the E Systems as posted from time to time by System Owner. Such
guidelines and policies may include topics such as approving users, as well as the responsibility to assign
password reset privileges for certain E Systems. Security Approver understands that unauthorized access or
use of the E Systems or information by its users could result in termination of Security Approver’s access to the
E Systems and other appropriate action. Security Approver further agrees to keep all information contained on
the System confidential, including any third party information posted on the System. Security Approver
understands and agrees to use the same degree of care it would use if it were its own Confidential Information.

Security Approvers understands responsibilities including, but may not be limited to:
               •    Security Approvers will be the key contacts to System Owner and will be responsible for
                    sharing any pertinent information regarding security issues, as needed.
               •    Managing the Franchise Configuration Data which feeds or controls users’ experiences with the
                    E Systems.
               •    Managing the alignment and calendar set up which impacts programs, including but not
                    limited to OMR reports, C.H.A.M.P.S. reports, etc.
               •    The Security Approver has the ability and accountability for opening a request and granting
                    access to who in their organization obtains access to the E Systems including but not limited to
                    the Learn!Now.
               •    Appropriately update or change account information to keep them accurate.
               •    Field questions regarding user access and log-in for E Systems.
               •    The Security Approver will be the only person able to designate backup security approvers
                    within the franchise organization and should do so as necessary for proper care of franchise
                    organization.
               •    Terminated employees who no longer require access to the system, or other reasons for access
                    to be revoked are to be deactivated by the Security Approver.
               •    Manage any login ids and passwords for data applications which may include, but not be
                    limited to, home office integration, etc.
               •    Security Approver should understand and appropriately cascade information and materials
                    related but not limited to the following: Job aids / training materials related to Requests for
                    Access (RFA).

Franchisee is responsible for the costs it incurs to connect to or communicate with the E Systems (such as, but
not limited to, the costs of the Security Approver’s computers, modems, software, and Internet access fees by
service providers).
                                                                      9
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. G - Pizza Hut Learning Management System Services and Support Agreement
1334.003.003/442907
