                               Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC and Subsidiary
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                               December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024
                                   (all tabular amounts in thousands)

   Additionally, we recorded net bad debt expense of $7.2 million, $11.3 million, and $0.1 million in 2025,
   2024, and 2023, respectively, within Franchise advertising and other services expense related to
   franchisee receivables due to AdCom. To the extent AdCom has a provision or recovery for bad debt
   expense, AdCom’s spend obligation is adjusted such that there is no net impact within our
   Consolidated Financial Statements.

(g) Fair Value of Financial Instruments
   As of December 29, 2025, and December 30, 2024, the carrying values of cash, restricted cash,
   restricted cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated their fair values
   because of the short-term nature of these instruments.

(h) Software and Computer Equipment
   PH LLC capitalizes application development stage internal use software costs, including internal payroll
   costs allocated to PH LLC (See Note 2(o)), that directly support restaurant-level technology services
   provided to franchisees. The useful lives of these assets range from three to seven years based on the
   length of time the asset is expected to contribute to the Company’s Consolidated Cash Flows.
   Amortization is recorded in Franchise and license expenses. E-commerce and other digital technology
   services are provided by Digico LLC, an affiliate of the Company that is not consolidated by the
   Company as neither the Company nor PH LLC have a controlling financial interest in Digico LLC, and
   as such any related fees and expenses are excluded from these Consolidated Financial Statements.

(i) Revolving Line of Credit
   In 2025, Adcom was a party to a Revolving Line of Credit (the “LOC”) with a commercial bank
   permitting borrowings up to $30 million. The outstanding borrowings under the LOC agreement were
   $2.0 million and zero as of December 29, 2025, and December 30, 2024, respectively.

(j) Revenue Recognition
   The Company, through its subsidiary PH LLC, executes franchise agreements for restaurants operated
   by franchisees that set out the terms of the arrangement. These include third-party franchise
   agreements as well as a franchise agreement between PH LLC and Pizza Hut of America (“PHA”), an
   affiliate of the Company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, governing
   Pizza Hut restaurants operated by PHA. These agreements govern the fees franchisees are required to
   pay, including franchise initial fees, continuing fees based upon a percentage of sales, transfer fees,
   and technology fees.

   Below is a discussion of how our revenues are earned, our accounting policies pertaining to revenue
   recognition under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
   Customers (“Topic 606”) and other required disclosures.

   Franchise and License Revenues

   Our most significant source of revenues arises from the operation of our Pizza Hut stores by our
   franchisees. Franchise rights are granted through a store-level franchise agreement that set out the
   terms of our arrangement with the franchisee. Our franchise agreements require that the franchisee
   remit continuing fees to us as a percentage of the applicable restaurant’s sales in exchange for the
   license of the intellectual property associated with our Pizza Hut brand (the “franchise right”). Our
   franchise agreements also typically require certain, less significant, upfront franchise fees such as
   initial fees paid upon opening of a store, fees paid to renew the term of the franchise right and fees paid
   in the event the franchise agreement is transferred to another franchisee.


                                                 10
