                  (6)      Automated timekeeping.

         Support PHOS Software

             a.     Menu Management: Maintenance of menus, prices, and recipes; provided,
however, Franchisee understands the “Menu Management” will be replaced at a time determined
solely by PHCLLC.

                  b.       Downloading of menus, prices, and recipes to the Pizza Hut Unit.

                  c.       A sales analysis.

                  d.       File records for guest checks, cash, timekeeping and delivery customer
records.

E.       ELECTION OF UNIT PHOS SOFTWARE SERVICES.

       The Support Fees for 2025 were set in consultation with IPHFHA pursuant to that certain
Technology Framework Agreement between PHLLC and IPHFHA and other parties dated effective
as of December 27, 2022. Franchisee acknowledges that the Technology Framework Agreement
contemplates future increases to the Support Fees in accordance with PHCLLC’s rights under this
Agreement and as communicated to the Pizza Hut system. The 2025 Support Fees are as follows:

2025 SUPPORT FEES (Effective as of January 1, 2025):

 Description                                  Annual Fee
 Restaurant Technology Fee                    $2,950 per Pizza Hut Unit.
 (Mandatory)
                                              The Restaurant Technology Fee includes 52
                                              Events* per year (the “Included Events”). After the
                                              Included Events are exhausted, Franchisee will be
                                              charged $12.00 for each phone call Event in excess
                                              of their Included Events and will pay $7.00 for all
                                              other Events (e.g., chats) in excess of their Included
                                              Events.


* Each Pizza Hut Unit will be allocated its own number of Events; however, Franchisee may pool
together all of its individual Pizza Hut Unit’s Events. Interactions with the Help Desk related to (1) a
system-wide issue that occurs simultaneously across the system (such as an outage), (2) an issue
(x) caused by PHLLC (other than by way of the selection of a particular vendor or technology), its
affiliate, or a vendor selected solely by PHLLC and (y) to which the applicable franchisee has not
contributed to with its own gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct, (3) technology
implemented at a Pizza Hut Unit within the past 2 months, or (4) any interactions within three months
of a new Pizza Hut Unit opening will not count as Events. For purposes of clarity, PHLLC’s selection
of a particular vendor or technology shall not be deemed on its own to constitute a system-wide issue
or an issue caused by PHLLC or its affiliates; rather, the determination of whether an interaction with
the Help Desk constitutes an Event will turn on whether it is a system-wide issue or was caused by
PHLLC or its affiliate, not taking into consideration PHLLC’s selection of the vendor or technology.
The involvement or engagement of a vendor selected solely by Pizza Hut, however, shall also be no
basis on its own for PHLLC to argue against the application of an exclusion under this paragraph. If


                                                        27
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
