                                                 32. SEVERABILITY
32.01 Severability

The provisions of this Agreement relating to the payment of fees and other amounts to us and our
affiliates, and the provisions relating to the protection and preservation of the Pizza Hut Marks, the
System Restaurant Concepts, and our Confidential Information are critical to this Agreement - - if
any portion of them is declared invalid or unenforceable for any reason, we will have the option to
terminate this Agreement immediately, upon written notice to you. All other terms and conditions of
this Agreement, and every portion of those other terms and conditions, will be considered severable.
If, for any reason, any portion of this Agreement (other than the nonseverable portions, as defined
in the first sentence of this Section 32.01) is determined to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict with
any applicable present or future law, rule, or regulation, in a final, unappealable ruling issued by any
court, agency, or tribunal with valid jurisdiction in a proceeding to which we are a party, that ruling
will not impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, any other portion of this Agreement,
each of which will remain binding upon the parties and continue to be given full force and effect. Any
invalid portion will be deemed removed from this Agreement as of the date upon which the ruling
becomes final (if you are a party to such proceedings) or upon your receipt of notice of non-
enforcement from us, and will further be deemed replaced by the closest enforceable provision.
                                       33. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES
33.01 Third Party Beneficiaries

The Franchisor Parties are intended third party beneficiaries of Section 14.01 of this Agreement
(Indemnification). With that exception, this Agreement is entered into solely between you and us.
Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, there is no intended third party beneficiary of
this Agreement and you agree that none is to be presumed or deemed to exist.

           34. EXECUTION, CONSTRUCTION AND INTERPRETATION; FURTHER ACTS
34.01 Execution, Construction and Interpretation; Further Acts

    A. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be considered
       an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Electronic
       and scanned signatures will be considered as binding and conclusive as if original.

    B. The titles and subtitles of the various Articles and Sections of this Agreement are inserted for
       convenience and will not affect the meaning or construction of any of the terms, provisions,
       covenants and conditions of this Agreement. The language of this Agreement will in all cases
       be construed simply according to its fair and plain meaning and not strictly for or against us
       or you.

    C. It is agreed that if any provision of this Agreement is capable of two constructions, one of
       which would render the provision void and the other of which would render the provision valid,
       then the provision will have the meaning which renders it valid.

    D. The parties agree to execute all other documents and perform all further acts necessary or
       desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

    E. If you consist of more than one Person, or a combination thereof, the obligations and liabilities
       of each such Person to us under this Agreement are joint and several.



                                                        70
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
