or indirectly, the maximum prices which you may charge. We may exercise these rights only in
certain geographic areas (cities, states, regions) and not others, or with regard to certain groups
of franchisees and not others. Any maximum prices we prescribe or suggest may or may not
optimize the revenues or profitability of your franchised Restaurant. (Location Franchise
Agreement, Section 13.04)
       (8) Approve or disapprove any proposed advertising material within 10 business days of
our documented receipt. If we do not respond within 10 business days, the material is
disapproved. (Location Franchise Agreement, Section 17.02).
Continuing Obligations
    During the term of the Location Franchise Agreement, we and/or our authorized
representatives will provide you with the following assistance and services:
       (1) Furnish you with the field support services, supervision and/or assistance that we
consider advisable through on-site visits, off-site sessions, telephonic, electronic or other
communication modes. You may also reasonably communicate with our headquarters for
consultation and guidance on the operation and management of your Restaurants. Timing of
these services will be subject to the availability of our personnel. (Location Franchise Agreement,
Section 7.04)
       (2) Advise you of any addition to or deletion from the list of Pizza Hut Marks. (Location
Franchise Agreement - Section 16.05)
      (3) Make available to you any changes to the Brand Standards. (Location Franchise
Agreement – Article 6)
        (4) Make periodic inspections of your System Restaurants, and advise you of any
deficiency that is observed, which you must correct or repair in accordance with our timeline.
(Location Franchise Agreement - Section 13.05)
        (5) From time to time, designate new Approved Products, delete Approved Products, or
require that a given product be standardized. (Location Franchise Agreement - Section 9.01).
         (6) Continue, if we determine to do so, to engage in the pricing activities described above
in this Item 11.
       (7) Approve or disapprove any proposed advertising material within 10 business days of
our documented receipt. If we do not respond within 10 business days, the material is
disapproved. (Location Franchise Agreement, Section 17.02)
Location Selection
    You are solely responsible for selecting the site for your System Restaurant. We will have up
to 30 days, upon receipt of your completed site registration form, including any additional
requested information, to accept or reject the proposed location. We will consider primarily
whether the proposed location is in an area open for development. We may also consider whether
the proposed location is a suitable site based upon the site quality, location of competitors, traffic
patterns, household count, population growth, and other criteria. We may require you to submit
maps, completed checklists, photographs, copies of proposed leases, diagrams of the premises
with measurements, and other information and materials which may be required to evaluate the
proposed location. We may visit the proposed location to assist in the consideration of the
proposed site, however, it is not required. If we do not agree with the proposed location, we will
not provide acceptance for you to develop the proposed site. Our acceptance of the proposed
location does not assure the success of any System Restaurant established at the location. In
general, we do not lease or sublease System Restaurant premises to franchisees, however, there

                                                  27
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD
1334.003.003/442895
