                    iii.    Payment of other direct costs associated with the technological development,
                            maintenance, integration, enhancement and ongoing support of the Customer Loyalty
                            Program (defined below) in keeping with the description set forth in the Brand Standards;
                    iv.     Payment of direct costs associated with other goods or services whether provided by third-
                            parties or PHLLC or its affiliates in connection with development of digital technology and
                            innovation for the benefit of the Pizza Hut System, provided, however, that such payment
                            shall apply to other services provided by PHLLC only if such other services: (a) represent
                            a cost savings as compared to third-party services, and (b) are incremental to PHLLC’s
                            current services as of the Effective Date;
                    v.      Payment of costs and/or fees necessary to obtain relevant licenses and resolve third-party
                            Claims 1, provided that such licenses and Claims relate to or arise from the provision or
                            use of Digital Innovation and include a defense, relief, release, or other benefit for the
                            Pizza Hut System;
                    vi.     Payment of operating and overhead costs reasonably necessary for the proper
                            performance of Digico’s duties, including compliance with legal, regulatory obligations,
                            accounting and tax obligations, not to exceed five percent of Digico’s annual budget absent
                            unanimous consent of Digico’s Investment Advisory Committee; and
                            Such other expenditures as may be properly approved by Digico from time to time, as
                            necessary or advisable in connection with any of the foregoing.
               6.1.2.1     As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, the Bundled Transaction Fee shall be forty cents
                           ($0.41) per Order (the “Bundled Transaction Fee”).
               6.1.2.2     PHCLLC, PHLLC or PH Digico LLC may increase the Bundled Transaction Fee (i.e., Digital
                           Innovation Fee) in its reasonable discretion (i) consistent with the rate of inflation, or (ii) as
                           reasonably necessary to maintain market competitiveness. The “rate of inflation” is defined
                           as the percent increase in the “CPI” from the time of the last fee increase (“CPI” means the
                           Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) – All Items (1982-84 equals 100)
                           for the United States published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of
                           Labor). The Bundled Transaction Fee for 2025 was set in consultation with IPHFHA
                           pursuant to that certain Technology Framework Agreement between PHLLC and IPHFHA
                           and other parties dated effective as of December 27, 2022. Franchisee acknowledges that
                           the Technology Framework Agreement contemplates future increases to the Bundled
                           Transaction Fee in accordance with PHCLLC’s rights under this Agreement and as
                           communicated to the Pizza Hut system.
         6.1.5 Taxes. Without limiting any obligations regarding taxes set forth in the PH Master Agreements, Digico
               shall be responsible for determining which taxes are to be set forth on Digico invoices and Supplier
               shall be responsible for determining which taxes are to be set forth on the Supplier invoices issued
               to Digico pursuant to this Section 6.1. Franchisee agrees to pay all applicable duties, tariffs, taxes,
               and similar charges which may apply under applicable laws including sales, use, excise, value-added,
               service, goods and services, consumption, entity level withholding, business and other similar taxes
               and charges, whether or not charged by Supplier or Digico.
6.2       Digital Marketing Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges and understands that IPHFHA, and PHI, and
certain franchisees entered into an agreement on May 9, 2014 regarding the 2015-2017 Advertising Shift and Digital
Marketing Fund (the “Digital Marketing Agreement”). The Digital Marketing Agreement obligates certain Franchisees
of the Pizza Hut System to pay a $0.10 digital marketing fee to IPHFHA for each Order Processed through the Pizza



1
  Claims means all third party demands, claims, lawsuits, or other legal assertions, allegations, or actions, and
including any third party liabilities, losses, expenses, fines, penalties, taxes or damages.
                                                  QuikOrder, LLC
                                    7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                             13
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
