         2. all of the terms and conditions of the proposed assignment and assumption;
         3. specific evidence that the proposed assignee can and will comply with all operational and
            other performance requirements, and with all conditions, obligations, duties, covenants
            and requirements of a franchisee under: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the standard form
            Franchise Agreement then being offered to our franchisees; (iii) such other ancillary
            agreements as we may require; and (iv) any of our Brand Standards and policies
            describing our franchisees’ duties, obligations, conditions, covenants or performance
            requirements;
         4. adequate assurance of future performance as provided in Section 365 of the U.S.
            Bankruptcy Code; and
         5. satisfaction of the preconditions to Transfer set forth in Section 18.04 of this Agreement.

    B. We will then have the prior right and option, to be exercised by notice given at any time prior
       to the effective date of the proposed assignment and assumption, to accept such assignment
       to ourselves, our affiliate or another franchisee, upon the same terms and conditions, and for
       the same consideration (if any), as in the bona fide offer made by the proposed assignee,
       less any brokerage commissions or other expenses which may be saved by you as a result
       of our exercise of the rights and options granted to us herein. Under no circumstance shall
       we be liable for the payment of any brokerage commissions or other expenses as a result of
       our exercise of our rights and options hereunder unless we otherwise agree in writing.
18.10 No Waiver of our Rights

Our consent to any sale, assignment or other Transfer under this Article 18 shall not constitute a
waiver of any claims we may have against you, your franchised Business or any of your Related
Persons, nor shall our consent be deemed a waiver of our right to require exact compliance with any
of the terms of this Agreement by any transferee.

18.11 Attorneys’ Fees and Other Expenses

You agree to pay for our outside counsel fees and other expenses incurred in connection with any
proposed Transfer of a System Restaurant, Ownership Interest in you, or Ownership Interest in any
of your affiliates.

        19. YOUR PAYMENTS TO US, OUR AFFILIATES AND THIRD PARTY DESIGNEES
19.01 Initial Franchise Fee

You agree to pay us an Initial Franchise Fee in the amount of $25,000 for each franchised Restaurant
authorized by this Agreement. We reserve the right to increase the Initial Fee annually consistent
with the rate of inflation. The Initial Franchise Fee is payable in full when you sign this Agreement; is
not refundable except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement; and, will be deemed fully
earned when paid solely in consideration of our execution of this Agreement and not in exchange for
any particular programs, products, services or assistance.
19.02 Monthly Service Fees

You agree to pay us a Monthly Service Fee in an amount equal to 6.0% of the prior month’s Gross
Sales of each Restaurant franchised hereunder. If applicable law prohibits you from paying us a
percentage of your revenues from the sale of alcoholic beverages, then we will estimate the amount
of such excluded revenues from the sale of alcoholic beverages and determine an effective royalty
                                                        46
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
