Franchisee’s food delivery or pick-up services as well as current maps or other descriptions of the geographic regions
in which Franchisee accepts orders and provides delivery services. Supplier agrees to accept and update in Real-
time the prices of the Pizza Hut Products and any special menu offerings, promotions, coupons, notices or changes
in the delivery trade area.
4.3      Orders. The Parties agree that Supplier is not responsible for the quality of the Pizza Hut Products or for
the delivery of the Pizza Hut Products by Franchisee and that such responsibility will be borne by Franchisee.
4.4      System Requirements. Franchisee agrees that all Franchisee Restaurant Locations must meet or exceed
the following conditions in order for Franchisee to utilize Services:
         1. Direct to Restaurant Transmission
                  a. For systems on SUS each location must remain current with the same SUS software version as
         the corporate owned restaurant locations and must participate in the PHI Menu Management service. Menu
         products, price and coupon changes will be performed in accordance with timelines required to complete,
         test and download the changes.
                  b. Custom interface, Internet based menu management and communications protocols for non-
         SUS systems are being developed for 3rd party POS systems using the QuikOrder QVP order transmission
         interface. For more information mailto:sales@quikorder.com
                 c. Supplier requires transmission security to protect data that is transported over the Internet.
         Supplier is able to support both managed and non-managed VPN as well as SSL solutions.
                  d. Communications equipment (i.e. satellite dish, DSL lines, routers, firewalls, modems, NIC
         devices, etc) must be in good working order and adequate to ensure the reliable transmission of transactions
         into each participating restaurant location. Supplier uses industry standard protocols to communicate to
         Broadband subsystems:
         ii. For dial-up, modems must transmit and receive at a speed equal to or greater than 56,000 bps, should
         be v.90 or higher standards compatible, and must have a dedicated phone line (all equipment must comply
         with PHI corporate standards. Should you have questions regarding these standards, please contact the
         PHI Information Technology Team or the Restaurant Help Desk.
         iii. Supplier can support rollover or backup modems behind switch boxes. These devices must respond to
         specific command sequences, which shall be provided to Supplier.
         2. Franchisee contact must have Internet access and an active e-mail address.
         3. For SUS systems all electronic based restaurant delivery maps must be at least as accurate and in the
         same format as those in corporate owned restaurant locations. For non-SUS systems the maps and menus
         must conform to the QVP data standards.
         4. Customer facing data discrepancies must be addressed by the Franchisee. Any mapping discrepancies
         encountered must be addressed within 60 days of identification.
4.5     System Requirement Changes. Franchisee agrees that upon at least ninety (90) days prior written notice,
Supplier may change the System Requirements at its reasonable discretion to ensure quality of service, so long as
Supplier and PHI have mutually agreed upon such changes prior to Supplier notifying Franchisee.
ARTICLE 5 – PREFERENTIAL ARRANGEMENT
5.1     Use of Pizza Hut Digital System. During the term of this Agreement, Supplier shall not permit the use of the
Pizza Hut Digital System for any other company that is a Competitor and shall ensure that Supplier uses the PHI
Exclusive Enhancements for only PHI, Franchisee, and PHI Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall
prevent Supplier from permitting other entities, including Competitors, to use other portions of the Site or the Internet
Order System except as set forth in Section 8.3 of the Amended and Restated SOW.

                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                           11
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
