             and any other permits, approvals or variances which are necessary to permit the
             construction and use of your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) as may be required by Applicable
             Law, and you must certify to us in writing that all of the foregoing have been obtained.
             You must also engage a general contractor and maintain in force insurance during the
             entire period of construction as set forth in the Brand Standards. Your indemnification of
             us and the other Franchisor Parties extends to each and every activity arising from or
             related to the construction of your franchised Pizza Hut Restaurant(s). You understand
             and agree, and promise never to contend or assert otherwise, that our approval of your
             final plans for your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) does not render us liable for any defects,
             neglects, omissions, errors or negligence associated with such plans and shall not in any
             fashion be construed to diminish or negate your indemnification of us and the other
             Franchisor Parties nor render us liable in any fashion or to any extent for any liabilities
             engendered thereby.
    B. Construction Timeline and Reporting. You must use all commercially reasonable efforts
       to complete the construction or conversion of your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) promptly in
       accordance with your asset upgrade schedule or Section 8.01 of this Agreement, whichever
       is applicable. You must provide us with comprehensive information regarding all phases of
       the development process of such Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) as we may require, such as weekly
       progress reports, in the format we designate. Information we may request is identified in the
       Brand Standards.

    C. Our Right to Inspect. You hereby grant us reasonable access to your Pizza Hut Restaurant
       Location(s) while work is in progress. We may require any reasonable modifications of the
       construction of your Restaurant(s) that we consider necessary or desirable in our reasonable
       business judgment. When construction is complete and before you open your Restaurant(s),
       your architect and general contractor must provide us with certificates stating that the as-built
       plans for the Restaurant(s) fully comply with the ADA; the architectural guidelines under the
       ADA; and, all other laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances applicable to the
       Restaurant(s) and the Location(s), including any requirements set forth in the lease(s) for the
       Location(s).

    D. Operation Start Date. You must begin operation of each new franchised Restaurant(s) within
       30 days after completion of construction and you must give us at least ten days prior written
       notice before beginning operations.

    E. Post-Opening Construction, Renovations or Refurnishing. The requirements imposed
       herein will also apply to any construction, remodeling, renovation or refurnishing of your Pizza
       Hut Restaurant(s) at any time after it/they open.
5.04     Maintaining Your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) and Location(s)

You shall at all times maintain at your sole expense the interior and exterior of your franchised Pizza
Hut Restaurant(s) and the Location(s), and any other facilities used by your franchised Business, in
first class condition and repair, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and our
Brand Standards, except to the extent that we may otherwise expressly agree in writing.
5.05     Identification

You must maintain at all times signage identifying your franchised Restaurant(s) as a Pizza Hut
Restaurant(s), and giving any other information we require, as mandated in our Brand Standards
(unless you demonstrate good cause why you cannot do so in all respects and we consent in writing
in advance to any non-conformance).

                                                        7
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
