17.02 Local Advertising

    A. You may expend funds on local advertising in the general market area of your franchised
       Restaurant(s) in strict compliance with the approved media, procedures and protocols
       governing same set forth in our Brand Standards. You may only use advertising which we
       have either furnished or approved in writing in advance. You agree to conduct all advertising
       which uses the Pizza Hut Marks or refers in any way to your franchised Business in a dignified
       manner and in a fashion calculated to avoid fraud, illegality, deception, misrepresentation,
       embarrassment, shame, ridicule, disparagement or liability of any type or nature accruing to
       you, us, your franchised Business, the System, your Restaurant(s) or other Pizza Hut
       Businesses. You agree to conform all of your advertising to the standards, specifications and
       requirements set forth in writing by us in our Brand Standards or otherwise.

    B. You agree to submit to us for approval, before use or dissemination, copies of all proposed
       advertising you intend to use (except for advertising which we furnish to you under this
       Agreement or advertising you have previously submitted and we have approved). Our
       approval of any of your proposed advertising may be withheld for any or no reason. If we do
       not respond within ten business days following our documented receipt of your proposed
       advertising material, then our approval will be deemed withheld and the proposed advertising
       material not approved. You acknowledge that our grant or denial of our approval of your
       proposed advertising will not give rise to any liability on our part and you waive any possible
       claims against us to the contrary.

    C. Any amounts you expend on local advertising will not count toward satisfying your Advertising
       Fund contribution requirements hereunder.
17.03 Advertising Cooperatives

One or more franchised or company-owned Pizza Hut Restaurants may desire from time to time to
engage in joint local advertising by means of a regional or metropolitan area advertising cooperative.
Any such advertising cooperative may only be formed, maintained and conduct business with our
prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld for any reason or no reason) and, once
established, must in all respects comply with our Brand Standards governing same.
                                                    18. TRANSFER
18.01 Transfer by Us

    A. We have the right to Transfer (whether by assignment, delegation or otherwise) all or any
       part of our rights, privileges, and/or duties under this Agreement to any Person, without your
       consent and without notice to you. If we Transfer this Agreement, you expressly agree that
       immediately upon and following such Transfer, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of our
       successors and assigns and we will no longer have any obligation - - directly, indirectly or
       contingently - - to perform or fulfill the duties or obligations imposed upon “Franchisor”
       hereunder. Moreover, to the extent that we have arranged for one or more of our affiliates to
       perform certain activities on our behalf and at our direction, as contemplated by this
       Agreement, our affiliates will similarly have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to continue
       to perform such activities following any such Transfer of this Agreement by us. Instead, all
       such duties and obligations will be performed solely by our transferee, and you will never
       assert, contend or complain otherwise.

    B. You agree and affirm that we may undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, securitization
       (whether by private or public offering), leveraged buyout or other economic or financial

                                                         37
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
