         communication (such as web based tutorials, video streaming or through other now or
         hereafter developed media). We reserve the right to charge our then-current training fees for
         such programs.

    B. In addition, we may from time to time conduct conferences, conventions or training session
       programs. Your Qualified Operator and, at our election, your Restaurant manager(s) and
       other personnel we reasonably designate must attend each such annual conference,
       convention or training session at your sole expense (including salaries, travel, lodging, food
       and other living expenses).
7.04     Field Support Services

After you opened your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s), we may from time to time offer you field support
services, supervision and/or assistance that we consider advisable through on-site visits, off-site
sessions, telephonic, electronic or other communication modes. You may also reasonably
communicate with our headquarters for consultation and guidance with respect to the operation and
management of your Pizza Hut Business and its Restaurant(s). The timing of our field support and
headquarter consultation services will be subject to the availability of our personnel.

7.05     Delegation of Performance

You agree that we have the right to delegate the performance of any portion or all of our obligations
under this Agreement to third-party designees, whether these designees are our agents or
independent contractors with whom we have contracted to perform these obligations.

 8. OPENING DATE; COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE BUSINESS
8.01     Opening Date

    A. You must fulfill all of your pre-opening obligations set forth in this Agreement, the Brand
       Standards and other written notices from us, and open your franchised Restaurant(s) to the
       general public, no later than six (6) months following the Effective Date or, with respect to
       Restaurants beyond your first which are embraced by this Agreement (if any), such other
       date(s) as may be specified in Appendix B (which will be within 12 months after receiving our
       approval of the Location site), subject to the occurrence of an event of Force Majeure. Time
       is of the essence.

    B. You will not be permitted to open any Restaurant(s) without our prior written approval, which
       we will not unreasonably withhold. Prior to the opening date, you must:
         1. Obtain all required state, local and other required government certifications, permits and
            licenses, furnish to us copies of all such required permits and licenses.
         2. Furnish to us copies of all insurance policies required under this Agreement.
         3. Attend and successfully complete our Initial Training Program to our satisfaction (as
            provided in this Agreement).
         4. Pay us or our affiliates any amounts due through the date that you request our approval
            to open.
         5. Not be in default under any agreement with us or any affiliate of ours (excluding an affiliate
            which administers a separate franchise network).



                                                        12
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
