 15.2. Severability. If any portion hereof is found to be void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this
       Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

 15.3. Assignment. Customer may not assign or transfer this Agreement, or any portion hereof, or delegate
       any or all of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of Pizza Hut unless advanced
       written notice to Pizza Hut if the Agreement is assigned or transfer totally or in part to an affiliate or
       subsidiary of Customer, or to a third party that has a master franchise or license for Pizza Hut business
       in Customer’s applicable market. Any attempted assignment in violation of this section will be void.
       Assignment will not relieve either party of its obligations hereunder. Pizza Hut may at any time assign,
       novate, subcontract or otherwise dispose of any or all of its rights and/or obligations under this
       Agreement. Pizza Hut will remain liable for the acts and omissions of its subcontractors.

 15.4. Entire Agreement; Breach and Waiver; Amendment. This Agreement, including all exhibits and
       addenda hereto and applicable Order Forms constitute the complete and exclusive understanding and
       agreement between the parties regarding their subject matter and supersede all prior or
       contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, relating to their subject matter. Any
       waiver, modification or amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be effective against Pizza
       Hut only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representatives of Pizza Hut. To the extent of any
       conflict or inconsistency between the provisions in the body of this Agreement and any exhibit or
       addendum hereto or any Order Form, the terms of this Agreement will prevail. Notwithstanding the
       foregoing provisions, the terms and conditions of this Agreement supplement, and do not supersede
       the terms and conditions of any applicable franchisee agreement. Further, notwithstanding any
       language to the contrary therein, no terms or conditions stated in a Customer purchase order or in any
       other Customer order documentation will be incorporated into or form any part of this Agreement, and
       all such terms will be null and void. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement will constitute a waiver
       of a subsequent breach, whether or not of the same nature. All waivers will be strictly construed. No
       delay in enforcing any right or remedy as a result of a breach of this Agreement will constitute a waiver
       thereof. Accordingly, no course of conduct will constitute an amendment or modification of this
       Agreement.

 15.5. Advertising and Publicity. Except to the extent permitted in this Agreement or applicable franchise
       agreement, Customer will not use the name, trade names, trademarks, or logos of Pizza Hut or its
       Affiliates in any advertising, press release or other communication (excluding internal communication
       among Customer personnel) without Pizza Hut’s prior written consent. Pizza Hut’s performance under
       this Agreement is confidential and intended for Customer’s use only.

 15.6. Force Majeure. Subject to the further provisions of this section, any delays or failures by either party
       hereto in the performance of the obligations hereunder will be excused if and to the extent such delays
       or failures are caused by occurrences beyond such party’s reasonable control, including, without
       limitation, acts of God, strikes or other labor disturbances, war, whether declared or not, sabotage,
       and/or any other cause or causes, whether similar or dissimilar to those herein specified, which cannot
       reasonably be controlled by such party. The period of excused performance pursuant to the foregoing
       will be (and only will be) the actual period during which such an occurrence continues. Accordingly,
       neither party hereto will have the right to terminate this Agreement for cause on account of a failure of
       the other party timely to perform its obligations hereunder during the period of such excused
       performance pursuant to the foregoing. Notwithstanding this Section 15.6, Customer will be liable for
       any non-refundable fees Pizza Hut paid on behalf of Customer.

15.7. Dispute Resolution.

 15.7.1. This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of New York,
         without regard to its choice of laws principles that would apply the law of a different jurisdiction. In
         the event of a dispute between the parties under this Agreement, the parties agree, at the written
         request of either party, to appoint executive officers to meet in good faith to attempt to resolve any
         dispute within 60 days from such request at a location designated by Pizza Hut.

 15.7.2. If after 60 days from the written request, any disputes remain outstanding, either party may initiate
         confidential binding arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Act 1996 (the "AAA"). Subject to
         Section 15.7.1., such arbitration will be sited in New York City, New York and will be the exclusive
