        2.     The Unit SUS/FMS Software and the Support SUS/FMS Software may be used only
at the Pizza Hut Unit(s) and/or Franchisee office location(s), respectively, for which a Schedule 1 or
1A has been executed and is in effect under this Agreement.

        3.     Franchisee will use the Unit SUS/FMS Software only in their licensed territory
pursuant to the Franchise Agreement and will use the Support SUS/FMS Software only in support
of the Unit SUS/FMS Software.

        4.      Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to PHCLLC, Franchisee may move the Unit
SUS/FMS Software and/or Support SUS/FMS Software for use on Approved Equipment located at
a different Pizza Hut Unit(s) and/or Franchisee office location(s), respectively, provided such different
Pizza Hut Unit(s) and/or Franchisee office location(s) is/are operated pursuant to the Franchise
Agreement. Franchisee, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, also may move the Support
SUS/FMS Software to a different Franchisee office location.

       5.      Franchisee will not attempt to, or actually, sell, convey, lease, license, lend,
hypothecate, transfer, or provide the SUS/FMS Software to anyone not a party to this Agreement
except pursuant to an assignment authorized under Section P.1.

       6.      There is no charge for licensing the SUS/FMS Software itself, but as set forth in
Sections D and F, Addendum B, SUS/FMS Services, and Schedule 1 or 1A, there are charges for
various services which Franchisee must or may, as indicated therein, elect to obtain from PHCLLC.

       7.     Nothing in this Agreement grants any rights to the SUS/FMS Software in source code
format and nothing herein will be construed or interpreted as providing such rights, except as
otherwise expressly set forth in Section H.

       8.      Franchisee will not perform, attempt to perform, or assist another in performing any
decompilation, disassembly, or reverse engineering of the SUS/FMS Software except as otherwise
expressly set forth in Section H.

     9.     Franchisee will not copy, reproduce, modify, or allow/permit others to do so, the
SUS/FMS Software, in whole or in part, except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section H.

       10.    Franchisee will not utilize or operate a time-sharing service, facility management or
service bureau with the SUS/FMS Software.

     11.      Unless otherwise authorized by PHCLLC, Franchisee may only make copies of the
PHOS for its archival purposes, or when copying is an essential step in the authorized use of the
PHOS on a backup controller, processor or other hardware device.

       12.      Franchisee shall label each copy of the PHOS with the copyright notice that appears
on the original.

        13.     Franchisee shall not market, sublicense or otherwise provide the original, any copy
or partial copy, or any derivative of the PHOS to any third party.

        14.      PHCLLC, or its representatives, has the right, upon twenty-four (24) hours prior notice
and during normal operating hours (taking into account the extra demands placed on a Pizza Hut
Unit’s staff during peak revenue periods), to enter a Pizza Hut Unit and/or Franchisee office location
to inspect Approved Equipment, the SUS/FMS Software, and their operations to determine if
Franchisee is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. PHCLLC, or its
                                                        3
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
