Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act except when executed pursuant to a
negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are
represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably
restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, rights, or remedies
under the Act, such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect PHLLC’s reasonable estimated
or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
No Poach Investigation
    In re: Franchise No Poaching Provisions (Pizza Hut, LLC), No. 18-2-22882-4SEA
On September 13, 2018, PHLLC entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (AOD) with
the Attorney General for the State of Washington. In February 2018, the Washington State
Attorney General had initiated an investigation by issuing Civil Investigative Demands to
numerous franchisors regarding so-called “no poach” provisions in franchise contracts.
The Attorney General alleged that the so-called “no-poach” provisions violated
Washington state anti-trust laws. PHLLC provided information to the Attorney General
about its prior-consent provision, which prior to late 2017 had been included in standard
franchise agreements and which applied only to senior level employees who had worked
for PHLLC or a franchisee in the previous six months at the pay grade of Restaurant
General Manager (RGM) and above. By entering into the AOD, PHLLC admitted no
wrongdoing, and confirmed that it had already removed the provision from new franchise
and license agreements. It also agreed to amend its franchise and license agreements in
the State of Washington, and not to enforce the provision in legacy agreements while it
removed the language from agreements in the ordinary course of ongoing activities and/or
transactions with franchisees and licensees. No damages, costs, fines, or penalties were
levied as part of the AOD.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
WISCONSIN
The following is added to Item 17 of the disclosure document:
         For Wisconsin franchisees, Ch. 135, Wisconsin Statutes, the Wisconsin Fair
         Dealership Law, supersedes any provisions of the Franchise Agreement or a
         related contract which is inconsistent with the Law.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.




                                               8
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-2 - State Addenda
1334.003.003/442897
