    C. As to each of the foregoing covenants, the covenant will expire eighteen (18) months from
       the date on which the obligation commenced as against you or any Related Person, provided
       that such obligation will be tolled for any period during which you or the Related Person has
       not been in full compliance with the covenant. Each of the covenants set forth in the foregoing
       paragraphs are independent of the others, and the unenforceability of one will not affect the
       others.

    D. The covenants not to compete set forth in this Agreement are fair and reasonable, and will
       not impose any undue hardship on you, since you have other considerable skills, experience
       and education which afford you the opportunity to derive income from other endeavors.
21.04 Perpetual Covenant

In addition to the covenants of confidentiality contained in Section 21.01, you and your Related
Persons may never (whether during or after the Term) take any actions that would have the probable
effect of impairing our or our affiliates’ ownership of or goodwill in the Pizza Hut Marks and/or any
System Restaurant Concepts.
21.05 Stock Ownership

The limitations on being a Direct or Indirect owner or shareholder of another business, as contained
in Sections 21.02 and 21.03 do not apply to ownership of 1% or less of the issued and outstanding
stock in any corporation traded on a national stock exchange.
21.06 Intended Scope of Covenants Not to Compete

    A. It is the intention of the foregoing covenants not to compete that any Person with any
       Ownership Interest in or traceable to, down or through you be bound by the provisions of this
       covenant, including your spouse and minor children; and, any other Related Person,
       regardless of how many levels or tiers there may be between you and the Person.

    B. You agree to cause your (as applicable) owners, members, shareholders, partners, general
       partner, proprietor and or any other beneficial owner to refrain from any of the competitive
       activities described above in any manner which we reasonably request. In all instances, you
       shall also cause your Qualified Operator and all other key management employees of your
       Business to refrain of any of the competitive activities described above in any manner which
       we reasonably request. Your agreement to procure the execution of our Confidentiality/Non-
       Competition Agreement from certain such individuals is set forth below.
21.07 Lesser Included Covenants Enforceable at Law

If all or any portion of the covenants not to compete set forth in this Article 21 are held unreasonable,
void, vague or illegal by any court or agency with competent jurisdiction over the parties and subject
matter, the court or agency is hereby empowered to revise and/or construe the covenants to fall
within permissible legal limits, and should not by necessity invalidate the entire covenants. You
expressly agree to be bound by any lesser covenants subsumed within the terms of this Article 21
as if the resulting covenants were separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement.
21.08 Enforcement of Covenants Not to Compete

You acknowledge that any violation of the covenants not to compete contained in this Agreement
would result in immediate and irreparable injury to us for which no adequate remedy at law will be
available. Accordingly, you consent to the entry of an injunction prohibiting any conduct by you or
your Related Persons in violation of the terms of the covenants not to compete set forth in this
                                                        53
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
