         System, including through the use pages or profiles on social media websites such as
         Facebook, Instagram, or X.

    B. We may establish one or more URL’s designed to promote your franchised Business. You
       will routinely provide us with updated copy, photographs, prices, and news stories about your
       franchised Business and Restaurant(s) suitable for use to promote your Business, the
       content, frequency, and procedure of which will be specified in our Brand Standards.

    C. Any website or other modes of electronic commerce that we establish or maintain may, in
       addition to advertising and promoting Pizza Hut Restaurants, also be utilized by us to exploit
       the electronic commerce rights which we alone reserve (as provided in Section 3.04 above).

    D. We maintain an intranet through which downloads of the Brand Standards, other operations
       and marketing materials, exchanges of communications, System discussion forums and
       systemwide communications (among other activities) can be effected.
12.02     Your Use of Websites/Social Media.

    A. You may maintain your own website or social media page in compliance with Brand
       Standards, as periodically modified. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement you
       must immediately remove the Pizza Hut Marks from all websites and social media pages.
       Further, upon our written request you must take down and stop operating such websites and
       social media pages.

    B. You may maintain a presence or advertise on the internet, through social media or any other
       mode of electronic commerce in connection with your franchised Business, including through
       the use of a page or profile on a social media website such as Facebook, Instagram, or X;
       establish a link to any website we establish at or from any other website or page.

    C. You may, at any time, establish any other website, social media or electronic commerce
       presence which in whole or in part incorporates the “Pizza Hut” name or any name
       confusingly similar thereto, but only in accordance with our Brand Standards and with our
       prior written consent.

12.03 Ownership; Websites/Social Media.

We alone will be, and at all times will remain, the sole owner of all intellectual property rights,
including the copyrights, to all material which appears on any website or social media page we
establish and maintain, including any and all material you may furnish to us as provided above.
Ownership of all URL’s and other identifiers associated with any such website or social media sites
shall vest exclusively in us.

                       13. YOUR OTHER DUTIES, RIGHTS AND REQUIREMENTS
13.01 Your Participation in Pizza Hut Service/Recovery and Loyalty Programs

    A. You must participate in all of our customer service/recovery programs which we designate
       from time to time in the Brand Standards. In general terms, a customer service/recovery
       program will set forth a methodology to provide customer service and remediate poor
       customer experiences.

    B. You must also participate in any Pizza Hut Customer Loyalty Program which we designate
       from time to time in the Brand Standards. In general terms, by way of example only, a Pizza
                                                        21
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
