         dominion or control over your Business. Except as otherwise expressly authorized by this
         Agreement, neither party will make any express or implied agreements, warranties,
         guarantees or representations or incur any debt in the name of or on behalf of the other party,
         or represent that the relationship between us and you is other than that of franchisor and
         franchisee. We do not assume any liability, and will not be considered liable, for any
         agreements, representations, or warranties made by you which are not expressly authorized
         under this Agreement. We will not be obligated for any damages to any Person or property
         which directly or indirectly arise from or relate to your operation of the franchised Business.
26.02 You Are the Sole and Exclusive Employer of Your Employees

    A. No Employment Relationship. You hereby irrevocably affirm, attest and covenant your
       understanding that in no fashion are you, or may you be deemed to be, our employee (under
       any theory or definition of “employee” or “employment”) and that your employees are
       employed exclusively by you and in no fashion are you or any such employee either
       employed, jointly employed or co-employed by us or any of our affiliates.

    B. Your Employees.
             1. You affirm and attest that each of your employees is under the exclusive dominion
                and control of you and never under the direct or indirect control of us in any fashion
                whatsoever. You alone hire each of your employees; set their schedules; establish
                their compensation rates; and, pay all salaries, benefits and employment/related
                liabilities (workers’ compensation insurance premiums/payroll taxes/social security
                contributions/Affordable Care Act and analogous contributions/unemployment
                insurance premiums). You alone have the ability to discipline or terminate your
                employees to the exclusion of us, since we possess no such authority or ability. You
                further attest and affirm that any minimum staffing requirements we establish in the
                Brand Standards or otherwise are solely for the purpose of ensuring that your
                Restaurant(s) is at all times staffed at those levels necessary to operate your
                Restaurant(s) in conformity with the System and the brand attributes known to and
                desired by the consuming public and associated with the Pizza Hut Marks. You affirm,
                warrant and understand that you may staff your Restaurant(s) with as many
                employees as you desire at any time so long as your minimum staffing levels are
                satisfied.
             2. You also affirm and attest that any recommendations you may receive from us
                regarding salaries, hourly wages or other compensation for employees are
                recommendations only, designed to assist you to efficiently operate your
                Restaurant(s) and that you are entirely free to disregard our recommendations
                regarding employee compensation. Moreover, your affirm and attest that any training
                provided by us for your employees is geared to impart to those employees the various
                procedures, protocols, systems and operations of a Pizza Hut Restaurant and in no
                fashion reflects any employment relationship between us and such employees.
             3. You must communicate to all of your employees that you, and not us, are their
                employer and must ensure that no payroll checks or other employment-related
                documents (such as job applications and Form W-2s) contain or reference the Pizza
                Hut Marks or our name.
    C. Regulatory Filings; Payroll Reports. Each of us will file its own tax, regulatory and payroll
       reports with respect to our respective employees and operations.



                                                        66
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
