    F. As used in this Agreement, the words “include”, “includes”, or “including” are used in a non-
       exclusive sense and shall be construed to mean “including without limitation”.

    G. The auxiliary verb “will” is used in a mandatory fashion. Any time this Agreement provides
       that a party will do something, the statement is obligatory, and is intended to apply throughout
       the life of this Agreement. By contrast, the auxiliary verb “may” is permissive when stated
       affirmatively (“a party may do something” means that the party is permitted, but not required,
       to take the action), and by extension, prohibitive when stated negatively (that is, the statement
       that “a party may not do something” is a denial of permission, and therefore means not only
       that the action is not required, but also that it is not permitted).

    H. Any time that this Agreement calls for a party to take an action “monthly,” the party may
       instead use regular accounting periods that are no longer than 35 days long. For example, a
       party may use a 52/53 Week Fiscal Year or may use 12 accounting periods arranged so that
       there are two 4–week and one 5–week accounting period each fiscal quarter. If you elect to
       use one of these methods of accounting, you will notify us of the method chosen and the
       fiscal year–end used, and may not switch accounting years without our prior written consent.

    I.   The sites of the Locations and the boundaries of the Delivery Area are based on the physical
         location of the references used to describe the Locations or the boundaries on the date of
         this Agreement. If a street address is used to describe a Location, the renumbering of the
         address will not serve to move the Location. If a specified boundary of the Delivery Area is
         described as a street, the center line of the street is intended; if the boundary is described as
         a political dividing line (such as a city limit), the line utilized by the appropriate political
         jurisdiction is intended. The area and physical location of any Location or of the Delivery Area
         will not be altered by a subsequent movement of the references originally used to describe
         the Location or the Delivery Area. Furthermore, it is only those points to the “inside” of the
         boundary that form a part of the Delivery Area (for example, if a Delivery Area is bounded on
         the north by Main Street, only the area south of the center line of Main Street is within the
         Delivery Area).

    J. For all calculations based upon a distance (for example, the limitation on opening a System
       Restaurant within 500 yards of a Location), the measurement will be made in a straight line
       between the nearest points; if any portion of an object is within the prescribed distance from
       a point, the entire object is considered to be within that distance.

                                                    35. SURVIVAL
35.01 Survival

Any provision of this Agreement which imposes in any fashion, directly or indirectly, an obligation on
you or any Related Person following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, or following
your transfer, sale or assignment of you, your franchised Business, and/or your Restaurant(s), will
survive the termination, expiration or transfer/sale/assignment and will continue to be binding upon
the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties, their heirs, successors and assigns.

                                            36. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
36.01 Governing Law

Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.
Section 1051 et seq.), this Agreement; all relations between us; and, any and all disputes between
                                                         71
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
