B. Prohibited Use.

         1. You may not offer or sell any food, beverage or other product (whether or not an Approved
            Product) at or from any Restaurant under or in connection with any trademark, service
            mark, trade name or trade dress (including product package design) other than the Pizza
            Hut Marks without our prior written consent in each case (which we may grant or deny for
            any reason or no reason).

         2. You may not use the Pizza Hut Marks in any manner or in connection with any statement
            or material that is (in our reasonable business judgment) in bad taste or inconsistent with
            our public image, or that could tend to involve us, you or the Pizza Hut System in a matter
            of political or public controversy, or tend to bring disparagement, ridicule or scorn upon
            us, you, the Pizza Hut Marks or the goodwill associated with the Pizza Hut Marks.

         3. You may not use any Pizza Hut Mark in connection with the sale of any unauthorized
            service, product or program or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing by
            us.

         4. You may not use the Pizza Hut Marks in any way which will incur any obligation or
            indebtedness on our behalf.

         5. Any unauthorized use of the Pizza Hut Marks by you will constitute an infringement of our
            rights and a material and incurable breach of this Agreement which, unless we waive the
            breach, will entitle us to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you, with
            no opportunity to cure.

C. Signage. You will cause all point of purchase materials and all other paper goods, all exterior
   and interior signage, all delivery vehicles, and all promotional and advertising materials to bear
   the Pizza Hut Marks as we direct in our Brand Standards or otherwise. You agree to affix our
   Pizza Hut Marks on the facilities of your franchised Business, including your Restaurant(s), your
   franchised Business’s point-of-sale materials, signs, stationery, advertising, sales, marketing
   and promotional materials, delivery vehicles, and other objects in the size, color, lettering style
   and fashion and at the places which we designate in our Brand Standards or otherwise. You
   also agree to display the Pizza Hut Marks and relevant trademark and copyright notices pursuant
   to the requirements set forth in the Brand Standards. No trademarks, logotypes, names, symbols
   or service marks other than the Pizza Hut Marks may be used by or in connection with your
   franchised Business in any fashion whatsoever except as we may expressly provide in our Brand
   Standards or as we may approve in writing.

D. Registration. You agree to comply with this Agreement’s and our Brand Standards’ instructions
   in executing any documents considered necessary by us or our counsel to obtain protection for
   the Pizza Hut Marks or to maintain their continued validity and enforceability.
E.   No Agency Relationship. You must never identify yourself as an agent of ours. You must
     conspicuously identify yourself, your franchised Business and your Restaurant(s) as an
     independently owned and operated franchised business in all dealings with your customers,
     contractors, suppliers, public officials and members of the public, and in all advertising,
     promotion and marketing related to your Business. You agree to place this notice of independent
     ownership in your Restaurant(s) and any other facilities of your franchised Business and on
     printed materials, business cards, stationery, marketing and advertising materials, signs and
     other written or electronic modes in the form, size and manner we specify in our Brand Standards
     or otherwise and in such fashion as we require from time to time.

                                                        34
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
