                             Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC and Subsidiary
                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                             December 29, 2025 and December 30, 2024
                                 (all tabular amounts in thousands)

   achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a
   variable interest entity (“VIE”), is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The primary
   beneficiary is the entity that possesses the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
   significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to
   receive benefits from the VIE that are significant to it.

   The Company’s most significant variable interests are in certain entities that operate restaurants under
   PH LLC’s franchise arrangements. The Company does not typically provide significant financial support
   such as loans or guarantees to Pizza Hut franchisees. As our franchise arrangements provide our
   franchisee entities the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic
   performance, neither the Company nor PH LLC consider themselves the primary beneficiary of any
   such entity that might otherwise be considered a VIE. Additionally, neither the Company, nor PH LLC
   have an equity interest in any of our Pizza Hut franchisee businesses.

   PH LLC and the International Pizza Hut Franchise Holder Association (“IPHFHA”), a third-party
   franchise association, manage an advertising cooperative (“AdCom”) that collects and administers
   funds contributed for use in advertising and promotional programs designed to increase sales and
   enhance the reputation of the Company, PH LLC, and its franchisees. AdCom’s assets and liabilities
   are included within the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet due to PH LLC having voting control
   over AdCom’s advertising and promotional program spending. Contributions to AdCom are required for
   all system restaurants and are based on a percentage of restaurant sales. Advertising cooperative
   assets, consisting primarily of cash received from the Company and franchisees and accounts
   receivable from franchisees, can only be used to settle AdCom’s advertising, promotional
   program-related and other obligations. Advertising cooperative liabilities represent the corresponding
   obligation arising from the receipt of the contributions to purchase advertising and promotional
   programs and outstanding balances, if any, under the line of credit. See Note 2(j) for classification of
   franchise contributions to AdCom.

   Digico LLC is an affiliate of the Company and a wholly owned subsidiary of YUM, that provides digital
   and e­commerce services to Pizza Hut restaurants. Digico LLC is not consolidated by the Company as
   neither the Company nor PH LLC have a controlling financial interest in Digico LLC.

   QuikOrder, LLC is an affiliate of the Company and a wholly owned subsidiary of YUM, that provides
   online ordering technology services to the system. QuikOrder, LLC, which was acquired by YUM on
   December 24, 2018, is not consolidated by the Company as neither the Company nor PH LLC have a
   controlling financial interest in QuikOrder, LLC.

   In 2020, PH LLC executed an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Pizza
   Hut Connect, LLC (“PH Connect”), an affiliate of the Company and a wholly owned subsidiary of YUM
   that was established concurrent with YUM’s acquisition of QuikOrder, LLC.

   Under the Agreement, effective as of the end of fiscal 2019, PH LLC assigned its rights, titles, interests
   and obligations related to certain restaurant-level technology services provided to our franchisees and
   related digital and technology third party contracts to PH Connect.

(b) Reclassifications
   The Company has reclassified certain items in the Consolidated Financial Statements for prior periods
   to be comparable with the classification for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2025. These
   reclassifications had no effect on previously reported Net Income.



                                                  8
