8.1      Supplier Intellectual Property. Subject to Sections 8.5 and 8.6, the Parties agree that, as between the
Parties, Supplier is the sole and exclusive owner or licensee of the Intellectual Property Rights associated with the
basic operation of the Internet Order System and the Site, including all modifications, developments or
enhancements made to the Internet Order System after the Effective Date. These Intellectual Property Rights do not
extend to specific PHI product logos and PHI graphics, including without limitation any PHI Design (below defined)
that may be displayed on the Site as further provided in Sections 8.3 and 8.6.
8.2      License Grant to Franchisee. Supplier grants to Franchisee a non-exclusive right and license to use the
Supplier Intellectual Property Rights contained in the Internet Order System as necessary to utilize the Services or
to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement.


8.3       Franchisee Intellectual Property. Except as granted by PHI in Section 8.4 herein, no right or license to any
Intellectual Property Rights owned by Franchisee is granted or conveyed by this Agreement, expressly, by
implication or by estoppel.
8.4      License Grant of PHI Marks. Subject to Section 8.5, Supplier represents and warrants to Franchisee that
PHI has granted to Supplier, and Supplier accepts, a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable and non-assignable
license to use the PHI Marks solely for the purpose of performing the Services as described in this Agreement.
8.5       PHI Marks. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the PHI Marks and the limited right of use that is being
granted by PHI to Supplier under the PH Master Agreements, including but not limited to all of the trademarks, trade
names, service marks, trade dress, symbols, slogans, emblems, logos, insignia, designs, product identifications,
artwork and any combination of them used from time to time in connection with the sale of goods and services are
the sole property of PHI. All rights to the PHI Marks under trademark, copyright, or other property rights inure to the
benefit of PHI. Supplier acknowledges the ownership of the PHI Marks by PHI, agrees that it will do nothing
inconsistent with such ownership, and that all use of the PHI Marks by Supplier and all good will developed therefrom
shall inure to the benefit of and be on behalf of PHI. Supplier agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall give Supplier
any right, title, or interest in the PHI Marks other than the right to use the PHI Marks in accordance with the
performance of the Services for Franchisee. Further, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Supplier may
not use in any way the PHI Marks or corporate name or trade name, slogans or other identification of PHI or its
Affiliates, without PHI’s prior written consent. Upon advance written approval by PHI, Supplier may reasonably use
PHI’s name as a work reference in printed promotional materials, including online materials and otherwise identify
PHI as the recipient of the Services herein.
8.6      Franchisee Customer Information. Franchisee grants to Supplier a non-exclusive right and license to use
the Franchisee Database as necessary to operate the Pizza Hut Digital System or to otherwise fulfill the terms of
this Agreement. Supplier acknowledges that PHI and Franchisee have granted Supplier a non-exclusive right and
license to use information and materials (i) relating to the PHI and Franchisee Databases, (ii) contained in or
displayed on the Pizza Hut Web Page that is generated by System Customers and/or Supplier with respect to a
System Customer such as name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, order information, etc., (iii)
calculated or manipulated by Supplier on behalf of Franchisee or information that is captured and/or transmitted by
any network technology or received by Supplier directly or indirectly that interfaces with any Franchisee systems.
Supplier will not disclose or otherwise use, for the benefit of itself or any other person or entity, any information
relating to Franchisee Customers; provided that Supplier shall be entitled to use such information for Site
administration or capacity planning purposes and in aggregated form with all personally identifiable information
removed. Supplier agrees that it shall not, by reason of providing any Services, acquire any rights or interests in or
to Franchisee Customer information or to the Franchisee Database or any particular information contained therein,
including information independently input into the Pizza Hut Digital System by Franchisee Customers, and Supplier
hereby disclaims and waives any such right or interest.
8.7       Access to Franchisee Database. By execution of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees that if Franchisee
requests additional services from Supplier or any of its affiliates, Supplier and its affiliates are authorized to access,
or poll, the Franchisee Database, and receive and make use of the information solely in connection with fulfilling
                                               QuikOrder, LLC
                                   7100 Corporate Drive, Plano, Texas 75024

                                                           16
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
