         or relocate such Restaurant(s) (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld by us but
         which may be conditioned on the payment of an agreed minimum fee to us during the period
         in which the Restaurant(s) are not operating and open to the public) and upon receipt of our
         consent you must diligently pursue such reconstruction or relocation.

                                         28. APPROVALS AND WAIVER
28.01 Approvals

Whenever this Agreement requires you to secure our prior approval or consent, such approval or
consent must be obtained in writing and must be timely sought.
28.02 Requests for Waivers or Consents

Whenever you desire our waiver of any obligation in this Agreement, and whenever this Agreement
requires you to obtain our prior written consent, you will address your written request for the waiver
or consent to our Franchise Administration department (unless we specify another individual or
department in writing); identify the provision of this Agreement for which a waiver or consent is
sought; and, set forth the basis for the request. Our failure to advise you within 45 days after our
receipt of your request that your request is denied constitutes our rejection of your request (you
acknowledge that if we require additional information or documentation from you, you will provide us
with all relevant information and documentation requested).
28.03 Effect of Waivers and Consents

All requests for waivers and consents will be considered on a case-by-case basis and nothing
requires us to grant any waiver or consent. We may condition the grant of a waiver or consent as we
consider appropriate.
28.04 No Implied Waivers

Except as provided in Section 28.02, no other action or inaction by us will constitute a waiver, or
impair any right, power or option reserved to us by this Agreement. No waivers can be inferred from
our failure to respond to a situation with respect to which you have not requested a waiver in
accordance with this Section 28.04.
28.05 Effect of Waiver and Delay

No waiver or delay in either party’s enforcement of any breach of any term, covenant or condition of
this Agreement will be construed as a waiver by that party of such breach, or any preceding or
succeeding breach, or any other term, covenant or condition of this Agreement. Without limiting the
foregoing, our acceptance of any payment paid by you under this Agreement will not be, nor
constitute, our waiver of any breach of any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement.
28.06 Our Withholding of Consent-Your Exclusive Remedy

In no event may you make any claim for money damages based on any claim or assertion that we
have unreasonably withheld or delayed any consent or approval under this Agreement. You waive
any such claim for damages. You may not claim any such damages by way of setoff, counterclaim
or defense. Your sole remedy for the claim will be an action or proceeding to enforce this
Agreement’s provisions, for specific performance or for declaratory judgment.




                                                        68
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
