“Rebuild” means a complete rebuilding of an existing System Restaurant completed in accordance
with our then-current published specifications for System Restaurants of that System Restaurant
Concept.
“Related Persons” means all Persons having an Ownership Interest in you; all of your affiliates; any
Person having an Ownership Interest in your franchised Business; and the spouses or children of
any of the foregoing individuals.
“Relocation” means a relocation of an existing System Restaurant to a new Location (but serving
the same trade area) completed in accordance with our then-current published specifications for
System Restaurants of that System Restaurant Concept.
“Renewal Package” means a copy of our then-current franchise disclosure document and a copy of
your Renewal Franchise Agreement in a form ready to be executed by you. The contents of the
Renewal Package may vary in accordance to applicable law requirements.
“Renewal Term” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 4.02.
“Restaurant” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 1.01.
“Restricted Person” means a Person that is identified by any government or legal authority as a
Person with whom Franchisor or its affiliates are prohibited or restricted from transacting business,
including: (i) any Person on the Office of Foreign Assets Control List of Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons, under resolutions or sanctions-related lists maintained by the United
Nations Security Council, or under the E.U. Consolidated Financial Sanctions; and (ii) any Person
ordinarily resident, incorporated, or located in any country or territory subject to comprehensive U.S.
or E.U. sanctions, or owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, the government of any such
country or territory.
“Retail Sale” means any sale by you directly to an ultimate consumer.
“Safeguards” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 13.14.
“Satellite” means a location other than your Pizza Hut Restaurant(s) Location(s), at which you may
engage in certain of the activities contemplated by this Agreement with our permission.
“System” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 1.01.
“System Restaurant” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 1.01.
“System Restaurant Concept” means an integrated concept for developing and operating a Pizza
Hut Restaurant featuring distinctive construction and design elements and Brand Standards
governing what Approved Products may be offered for sale and how they may or must be furnished
to the consuming public.
“Systemwide Supply Contract” means supply contracts either for all Pizza Hut Restaurants or a
subset of Pizza Hut Restaurants situated within one or more geographic regions.
“Term” bears the definition afforded to it in Section 4.02.
“Total Sales Price” means all consideration of every kind paid or payable to you or any other Person
in connection with, arising out of or relating to the Transfer of the franchise, the Franchise Agreement
or the franchised Business, whether money, property or other thing or service of value including
consideration received for all or a part of your Business; your rights under this Agreement; contracts;
goodwill; restrictive covenants; consulting arrangements; your furniture, fixtures, equipment and
trade dress elements; accounts receivable; or any other fees or arrangements or other form of
consideration, whether the consideration is received in the present or promised to be given to you or
any other Person (including the highest possible value of any contingent future consideration).


                                                        6
Pizza Hut, LLC
2026 FDD | Ex. C-1 - Location FA and State Amendments
1334.003.003/442896
