franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term
of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
17.

Assurance of Discontinuance. Burger King Corporation Assurance of Discontinuance In Re
Franchise No Poaching Provisions, Superior Court of Washington, King County Superior Court.
On or about September 13, 2018, our predecessor entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance
(No. 18-2-22877-8SEA) with the State of Washington entitled In Re: Franchise No Poaching
Provisions under which it agreed to refrain from including “no-poach” language in its Franchise
Agreement, which restricts a franchisee from recruiting and/or hiring the employees of other
franchisees and/or employees of its or its affiliates, which the Attorney General alleged violated
Washington state and federal antitrust and unfair practices laws. Our predecessor also agreed to
refrain from enforcing the language in any of its existing Franchise Agreements, notify its current
franchisees of the entry of the Assurance of Discontinuance, notify the Washington Attorney
General if any of its franchisees attempted to enforce such a provision, offer to amend existing
Franchise Agreements to delete the no-poach language and remove the language from existing
Franchise Agreements as they come up for renewal. Our predecessor satisfied the requirements
in the Assurance of Discontinuance and submitted to the State of Washington a declaration of
completion.

18.

Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise agreement or
related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or complaining to
regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document and
is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).

19.

Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the business of the
offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for
referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with a
franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the
franchise broker about a franchise.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties do hereby acknowledge receipt of this Addendum.

BURGER KING COMPANY LLC

By:
Print Name:
Its:

FRANCHISEE:
*,
a*
By:
*, Managing Owner
4937-1813-4934, v. 2

State of Washington Addendum
Exhibit P (03/2026)

