enters into a lease with said third party (with Lessor as tenant) then this Lease shall be fully subordinate to
said lease between such third party and Lessor.
The Lessee hereby grants a power of attorney to the Lessor with full power to act as its attorney in fact and
to execute on behalf of the Lessee any and all documents that may be required by a mortgagee and/or
assignee evidencing the Lessee’s full subordination of the Lessee’s interest to any mortgage and/or
collateral assignment of lease that may be entered into by Lessor, the fee owner or their assigns. Lessee
hereby agrees to execute, without charging Lessor, any and all documents that it is requested to execute
to evidence this subordination. However, Lessee shall not be required to execute any promissory notes or
other evidence of indebtedness which would create any personal liability on behalf of Lessee.
XIII.
ASSIGNMENT
§13.1 BY LESSOR. This Lease shall be fully assignable by the Lessor or its assigns.
§13.2 BY LESSEE. Neither Lessee, nor Lessee’s successors or assigns, shall (unless expressly permitted
in this Lease) assign, mortgage, give as security, pledge or encumber this Lease, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise, or sublet the Premises, in whole or in part, or permit the Premises or any
portion of it to be used or occupied by others, or enter into a management contract or other arrangement
whereby the Premises shall be managed and operated by anyone other than the owner of Lessee’s
leasehold estate, without the prior consent in writing of Lessor in each instance. If this Lease is assigned
or transferred, or if all or any part of the Premises is sublet or occupied by anybody other than Lessee,
Lessor may collect Rent from the assignee, transferee, subtenant or occupant, and apply the net amount
collected to the Rent reserved in this Lease, but no such assignment, subletting, occupancy or collection
shall be deemed a waiver of any covenant or condition of this Lease, or the acceptance of the assignee,
transferee, subtenant or occupant as lessee, or a release of Lessee from the performance or further
performance by Lessee of its obligations under this Lease, and Lessee shall continue to be liable for all its
obligations under this Lease. The consent by Lessor to an assignment, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance,
transfer, management contract or subletting shall not in any way be construed to relieve Lessee from
obtaining the express consent in writing of Lessor in each instance to any subsequent similar action that
the Lessee may intend to take. Providing Lessee remains liable for all its obligations under this Lease,
Lessor shall consent to an assignment of this Lease to an individual, partnership or corporation to which
the Franchise Agreement has been assigned.
§13.3 ASSUMPTION BY ASSIGNEE. An assignment made with Lessor’s consent or as otherwise
permitted shall not be effective until Lessee delivers to Lessor an executed counterpart of such assignment
containing an agreement, in recordable form, executed by the assignor and the proposed assignee, in
which the assignee assumes the performance of the obligations of the assignor under this Lease to the
Original Term Expiration Date.
XIV.
ADDITIONAL PROPERTY
§14.1 PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL PROPERTY. In the event Lessee (for purposes of this Article, if
Lessee is a group of more than one person, the term “Lessee” shall mean any member of the Lessee group)
or any corporation, partnership or other entity in which Lessee has an interest or any member of Lessee’s
immediate family (Lessee or such other person or entity shall hereinafter be referred to as “Vendee”)
acquires the right to purchase property which, in the sole opinion of Lessor, is capable of being used either
as additional parking or for any other purpose connected with the operation of the Premises (the “Additional
Property”), Lessor shall have an option to assume Vendee’s right to purchase such Additional Property
without cost or charge to Lessor for such option. The granting of this option by Vendee to Lessor is in
partial consideration for the making of this Lease by Lessor. Vendee agrees to submit to Lessor (i) a copy
of the purchase or option contract within ten (10) days after final execution thereof and (ii) all other relevant
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
18

