Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, FRANCHISEE agrees to defend, indemnify and
save BKC and its subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies harmless from, against and with
respect to any Claims (including environmental consultant and laboratory fees and costs and
expenses of investigating and defending any Claims) resulting from or attributable to (i) the
presence, disposal, migration, release or threatened release of any hazardous substance that is
on, from or affecting the Premises, including the soil, water, vegetation, buildings, personal
property, persons or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including wrongful death) or property damage
(real or personal) arising out of or relating to such hazardous substance(s); (iii) any lawsuits or
administrative order relating to such hazardous substance(s); or (iv) any violation of any laws
applicable to any hazardous substance for which FRANCHISEE or any Operator is responsible.
This obligation to indemnify and defend BKC shall apply even in the event of the negligence of or
claim of negligence against BKC and regardless of whether the negligence or claim of negligence
against BKC is as a result of the acts or omissions of BKC or that of FRANCHISEE or any Operator.
However, the obligation of FRANCHISEE to indemnify BKC for its own negligence shall be limited
to an amount equal to the amount of insurance set forth in Section 13.A or 13.B. BKC's right to
indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent
liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law. The indemnification
of BKC by FRANCHISEE for the negligence, acts or omissions of FRANCHISEE or any other
Operator, shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required under Section 13.A or 13.B. This
indemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited to, claims related to the employment of
FRANCHISEES employees. This obligation of FRANCHISEE to indemnify and defend BKC is
separate and distinct from its obligation to maintain insurance under the provisions of Section 13.A
and 13.B.
11.
The introductory Section and subsections A. and E. of Section 17 of the Franchise Agreement are
hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced by the following:
17.

OPTION TO OBTAIN SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
(select one):
FRANCHISEE shall have, exercisable on the expiration date of the Term of this
Agreement, an option to obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement ("Successor Franchise
Agreement”) for a Non-Traditional Restaurant for a term of Five (5) years, provided that:
A.

FRANCHISEE has given BKC written notice ("Notice") of its intention to exercise
its Option to Obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement during the second (2nd)
year prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement.

E.

FRANCHISEE shall execute the then current form of Successor Franchise
Agreement for Non-Traditional Restaurants, which may differ as to Royalty and
Advertising Contributions, as well as other terms and conditions. FRANCHISEE
shall, upon execution of the Successor Franchise Agreement, pay to BKC the then
current initial franchise fee.

FRANCHISEE shall have, exercisable on the expiration date of the Term of this
Agreement, an option to obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement ("Successor Franchise
Agreement”) for a Non-Traditional Restaurant for a term of Ten (10) years, provided that:
A.

FRANCHISEE has given BKC written notice ("Notice") of its intention to exercise
its Option to Obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement during the fourth (4th) year
prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement.

E.

FRANCHISEE shall execute the then current form of Successor Franchise
Agreement for Non-Traditional Restaurants, which may differ as to Royalty and

Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity)
Exhibit E2 (03/2026)
BK #_________
10

