AMENDMENT TO
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
(INDIVIDUAL/OWNER-OPERATOR)
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
Burger King Restaurant #
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of Illinois:
1.

Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement.

2.
Franchisee’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, Ill. Comp. Stat. §§ 705/1 to 705/44 (the “Act”).
3.
Section 4 of the Act states that “Any provision in a franchise agreement that designates
jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of this State is void, provided that a franchise agreement
may provide for arbitration in a forum outside of this State.”
4.
Any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring a franchisee
to waive requirements with any provisions of the Act or any other law of the State of Illinois is void.
This shall not prevent any person from entering into a settlement agreement or executing a
general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed under the provisions of the Act, nor
shall it prevent the arbitration of any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of the United
States Code.
5.
The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the
bankruptcy of the Franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section
101.
6.
Section 18.A of the Franchise Agreement is modified by the insertion of the following at
the end of such Section:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent required by Illinois law, the
Franchisor shall provide reasonable notice to the Franchisee with the
opportunity to cure any defaults under this Section 18.A, which shall not be
less than ten (10) days and in no event shall such notice be required to be
more than thirty (30) days.
7.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
8.
Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent that with respect to such
provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Act are met independently
without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]
State of Illinois Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2026)

