(2)
At all times during the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee must designate at
least one (1) individual who is responsible for the direct, on-premises supervision of the Franchised Restaurant
(the “Restaurant Manager”).
(3)
Franchisee acknowledges that there are many factors which may affect the
number of Restaurant Managers needed to operate Franchisee’s BURGER KING Restaurant(s) and that
Franchisee’s designation of the minimum number of Restaurant Managers specified herein does not, by itself,
assure compliance with the operating standards contained herein and in BKC's MOD Manual (defined below).
(4)
Further, Franchisee acknowledges that material conditions under which BKC
is executing this Agreement are, among other things, the representations and covenants set forth in this
Section 5.
4.

TRAINING. The following paragraphs replace Section 8 of the Agreement:
A.

Training Programs

The Franchised Restaurant shall not open unless the Managing Director and the Restaurant
Manager have successfully completed BKC's training program in Miami, Florida or at such other locations as
may be specified by BKC (the “Initial Training”). Any Managing Director replacing or succeeding a prior
Managing Director in accordance with Section 5.K.(1) above must successfully complete the Initial Training
promptly, but no later than thirty (30) days after becoming the Managing Director. Any Restaurant Manager
replacing or succeeding a prior Restaurant Manager must successfully complete the Initial Training prior to
assuming the responsibilities of Restaurant Manager for the Franchised Restaurant. BKC may, in its sole
discretion, waive the Initial Training requirement for the Restaurant Manager. BKC shall provide, and the
Managing Director and Restaurant Manager shall attend, continuing operations training programs from time to
time as may be directed by BKC to re-enforce operational standards (“Continuing Operations Training”). The
required frequency, duration and subject matter of the Continuing Operations Training shall be specified by
BKC (the Initial Training and Continuing Operations Training programs are hereinafter collectively referred to
as “Training Programs”). BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall periodically review the Training
Programs and BKC will consult with the Franchisee Advisory Council prior to making any material changes to
the Training Programs. Such programs may be in Miami, Florida or at such other locations as may be specified
by BKC.
B.

Charges and Costs

Franchisee shall be responsible for reasonable charges and costs of any sort associated with
such training but not limited to all travel and living expenses, compensation of and worker's compensation
insurance for the attendees enrolled in the training program, any other personal expenses, course materials,
training facility charges, and training staff charges (if any).
C.

Franchisee Training and Restaurant Staffing

Franchisee shall implement a training program for Franchised Restaurant employees in
accordance with training standards and procedures prescribed by BKC and shall staff the Franchised
Restaurant at all times during the Term of this Agreement with a sufficient number of trained employees to
ensure that the BURGER KING operational standards are met. Requests for exemption from the manager
training requirement will be considered on an individual basis and will be granted only in those situations where
the employees have prior operational management experience in a BURGER KING Restaurant and
demonstrate to BKC a thorough knowledge and understanding of the BURGER KING System.
Corporate Addendum
Exhibit J1 (03/2026)
BK#_________
3

