22.

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, the following terms, phrases and expressions shall have the
following meanings. Any of such terms, unless the context otherwise requires, may be used in the singular
or plural, depending on the context.
“Activities” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.
“Additional Digital System(s)” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.D.(4).
“Additional Holder” has the meaning set forth in Section 15.D.(1)(l)(i).
“Additional Ordering System(s)” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.D.(3).
“Advertising Contribution” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(i).
“Affiliate” means any Person which directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common
Control with another Person.
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
“BKC” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
“BURGER KING Marks” has the meaning set forth in the Introduction.
“BURGER KING Restaurants” has the meaning set forth in the Introduction.
“BURGER KING System” has the meaning set forth in the Introduction.
“Commencement Date” means the date that the Franchised Restaurant opens for business as set forth on
the Key Contract Data page.
“Continuing Operations Training” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.
“Control” or “Controlled” means the direct or indirect ownership, whether by ownership of securities,
contract, proxy or otherwise, of shareholding or contractual rights of a Person that assures (i) the majority
of the votes in the resolutions of such Person, or (ii) the power to appoint the majority of the managers or
directors of such Person, or (iii) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of
such Person, and the related terms “Controlled by” “Controlling” or “under common Control with” shall be
read accordingly.
“Corporation” has the meaning set forth in Section 15.D.
“Corporation Guidelines” has the meaning set forth in Section 15.D(1)(f).
“Current Image” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.B.(2).
“Development Decision” has the meaning set forth in Section 20.A.
“Development Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 20.A.
“DMA’s” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.B.(viii).

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
35

