exercised in Lessor’s sole and absolute discretion, to terminate this Lease and upon such termination,
Lessor shall have the right to re-enter and take immediate possession of the Premises.
VII.
TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES
§7.1 PAYMENT.
(a)

In the event Lessor elects, at its sole option, to pay any real estate taxes and assessments
(both general and special), goods and service taxes, sales taxes, value added taxes,
business transfer taxes, any other taxes imposed on Lessor with respect to rent payable
by Lessee to Lessor or in respect of the rental of space under this Lease, assessments,
charges for public utilities, excises, levies, licenses, permit fees or other governmental
impositions and charges of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, the “Charges”)
which are payable in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the
Premises, Lessee shall reimburse Lessor within fifteen (15) days after Lessee receives an
invoice for the payment of such Charges.

(b)

In the event Lessor elects not to pay the Charges as set forth in the preceding paragraph,
Lessee shall pay on or before the last day on which payment may be made without penalty
or interest, all Charges which may be assessed, imposed, or become due and payable in
connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises or the fixtures or
personalty on it, or any Charges which may be imposed in lieu of, or as a substitution for,
any such Charges. At any time after the time for payment of each Charge, upon Lessor’s
request, Lessee shall exhibit to Lessor satisfactory evidence of payment. All Charges
assessed or imposed for the fiscal periods in which the Term of this Lease commences
and terminates shall be apportioned.

§7.2 CONTESTS. Lessee has the right to promptly contest or review any of the Charges by appropriate
proceedings (“Proceedings”) at its own expense, and if necessary, with the prior written consent of Lessor,
in the name of Lessor. Lessee may defer payment of a contested Charge only if, before instituting any
Proceedings, Lessee furnishes to Lessor security satisfactory to Lessor and sufficient to cover the amount
of each contested Charge, with interest and penalties for the period which the Proceedings may be
expected to take. Notwithstanding the furnishing of security (other than a cash deposit), Lessee shall
promptly pay each contested Charge if, at any time, the Premises or any part of it are in danger of being
sold, forfeited or otherwise lost or Lessor becomes subject to criminal or any other liability for such nonpayment, provided that in that event, if Lessee has made a cash deposit to Lessor, Lessor may pay each
contested Charge out of the deposit. When any contested Charge is paid or canceled, any balance of any
cash deposit not so applied shall be repaid to Lessee without interest. All Proceedings shall be begun as
soon as possible after the imposition or assessment of any contested item and shall be diligently prosecuted
to final adjudication. If there is any refund with respect to any contested Charge based on a payment by
Lessee, Lessee shall be entitled to it to the extent of such payment.
§7.3 LIMITATION: SUBSTITUTION. Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed to require Lessee
to pay any inheritance, estate, succession, transfer, gift, franchise, corporation, income or profit tax, or
capital levy that is or may be imposed upon Lessor, its successors or assigns; provided, however, that if at
any time during the Term of this Lease the methods of taxation prevailing at the Commencement Date are
altered so that in lieu of or as a substitute for the whole or any part of the taxes, assessments, levies,
impositions or charges (collectively “Assessments”) now levied, assessed or imposed (“Imposed”) on real
estate and improvements thereon, there is Imposed
(1)

an Assessment made wholly or partially as a capital levy, or

(2)

an Assessment measured by or based in whole or in part on the Premises, or

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
12

