Agreement for a participating Restaurant, your continued participation in the Fuel the Flame
Program is a condition to obtaining the successor agreement.
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we offer BURGER KING Restaurant
franchises operating from the types of facilities and locations described in Item 7 of this disclosure
document and most Restaurants offer the standard menu of food and beverage products approved for sale
at BURGER KING Restaurants, but some Restaurants, generally with smaller facilities, may be approved
to serve a more limited menu. A few Restaurants provide predominantly drive-thru services only and, in
the past, we permitted a few Restaurants to offer limited menus for delivery or pickup only.
Franchise Ownership Types and Definitions
We currently have two different forms of Franchise Agreement, corresponding to two different
types of franchise ownership: “Individual” (or “Owner/Operator”) and “Entity”.
Individual or Owner/Operator Ownership
Traditionally, we issued franchises to individuals who signed the Franchise Agreement personally
and who were personally responsible for operating the franchised Restaurant. This form of ownership is
referred to as “Individual” or “Owner/Operator” ownership. If more than one individual signs the Franchise
Agreement as the Franchisee, one of those individuals must be designated (with our approval) as the
“Operating Partner” responsible for operating the Restaurant. Although the Individual Franchise
Agreement can be assigned to an operating company under certain conditions, the individuals remain
personally responsible under the Franchise Agreement. A copy of our current form of Individual Franchise
Agreement is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit D1.
Entity Ownership
“Entity” ownership allows different forms of ownership and management of, and equity investment
in, the Franchisee. Under the Entity ownership program, a corporation, a limited partnership, a limited
liability partnership, or a limited liability company can directly execute the Entity form of Franchise
Agreement (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit D2) if the Entity and its owners satisfy our
then current guidelines for approval of franchisee entity ownership (“Entity Guidelines”). Generally, one
of the conditions of Entity ownership is that one or more individuals or entities, designated as “Owners,”
guarantee and be responsible for the Franchisee’s obligations to us. One of those Owners must be
designated, with our approval, as the “Managing Owner” who, in addition to other requirements, must (i)
own the percentage of equity interest in the Franchisee as we may require (at least 25% of the Franchisee),
(ii) have the authority to (1) bind the Franchisee in any dealings with us and our affiliates, (2) direct any
action necessary to ensure compliance with the Franchise Agreement, any lease and any other agreements
relating to the Restaurant, and (3) direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operation of the
Restaurant is in compliance with the MOD Manual, the Franchise Agreement, any lease and any other
agreements relating to the Restaurant. In the case of a Restaurant currently operating under the Individual
Franchise Agreement form, a new Franchisee may, at our discretion, execute the Entity form of Franchise
Agreement for the remainder of the term. In the case of an existing Franchisee whose entity ownership was
previously approved by us under the Entity Guidelines in effect prior to June 18, 2024 and provided the
existing Franchisee meets all other requirements for renewing the Franchise Agreement, and is maintaining
the ownership structure previously approved by us before the date of signing this successor Franchise
Agreement, you will be permitted to sign a successor Franchise Agreement that allows a Managing Owner
to designate an individual approved by us (who may be an Owner) as the “Managing Director” responsible
for day to day operations. These existing Franchisees will sign the Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement
Addendum attached as Exhibit J2 to this disclosure document. In addition, certain other Franchisees that
Item 1
03/2026

Page 7

