among other things, BKC refusing to grant Franchise Approval or withdrawing an approval already granted.
Any failure by Developer to qualify for Franchise Approval for any period of time shall not extend, modify or
reduce the development obligations of Developer under this Agreement and if such failure results in
Developer defaulting on its development obligations under this Agreement, BKC may, in its sole discretion,
exercise its right to terminate this Agreement under Section 6.1.1 and the provisions of Section 6.2(ii) shall
not apply.
4.3
Site Approval. Developer must apply for and obtain Site Approval from BKC for each Franchised
Restaurant to be developed within each Term Year. Developer understands and acknowledges that Site
Approval must be obtained in addition to the permits required to construct, open and operate the Franchised
Restaurants within the Target Areas listed on Exhibit A and within the time periods provided on Exhibit B.
For each proposed Site, Developer must submit a complete "Site Application Package" in the form specified
by BKC, together with such site information as required by BKC to evaluate the proposed Site, with a
request for written BKC site approval ("Site Approval"). Site Approval is indicated by BKC’s issuance of a
Site Approval number (“A#”), which Developer must obtain from BKC for each Franchised Restaurant to be
developed hereunder by no later than the applicable “Site Approval Due Date” set forth on Exhibit B. Site
Approval automatically expires (without any requirement of BKC to provide Developer any written
notification of its expiration) on the End Date of the applicable Term Year as set forth on Exhibit B (subject
to any applicable cure period granted herein) in which Site Approval was granted for such Site. The failure
to timely obtain Site Approval within the time specified in Exhibit B or Construction Approval in accordance
with Section 4.5.3 is an Event of Default under Section 6.1.
4.4
Commitments. Developer shall not, except at Developer's own risk, enter into any legally binding
commitments with vendors or lessors in any Target Area or at any Site until BKC has given Developer
written Site Approval.
4.5

Site Acquisition, Construction Approval, and Construction.

4.5.1 BKC assumes no liability or responsibility for: (a) evaluation of an approved Site’s soil for
hazardous substance; (b) inspection of any structure on the approved Site for asbestos or other toxic or
hazardous materials; (c) compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act (the “ADA”); or (d) compliance
with any other applicable law. It is Developer’s sole responsibility to obtain satisfactory evidence and/or
assurances that the approved Site (and any structures thereon) is free from environmental contamination
and in compliance with the requirements of the ADA.
4.5.2 If Developer proposes to lease or sublease the Site, the lease or sublease shall not contain
any covenants, use clauses or other obligations that would prevent Developer from performing its
obligations under the applicable Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant.
4.5.3 All Franchised Restaurants must be constructed, equipped and furnished in accordance
with BKC approved plans and specifications (the “Construction Plans”). Prior to construction, Developer
must obtain from BKC written architectural and design approval of Developer's plans as indicated by
issuance of a restaurant number (“BK #”). Developer must obtain BKC’s approval of the type of facility, site
layout, and equipment configuration for each Franchised Restaurant, including the building design, style,
size, interior decor, type of equipment, service format and equipment arrangement (“Construction
Approval”). The term of a leasehold for a Franchised Restaurant must be at least as long as the term of
BKC Franchise Agreement for that Franchised Restaurant. For the avoidance of doubt, Construction
Approval solely indicates BKC’s approval of the Franchised Restaurant design in accordance with the
Construction Plans.
4.5.4 BKC assumes no liability for the adequacy of any Construction Plan. Developer assumes
all cost, liability and expense for developing, constructing and equipping the Franchised Restaurant. It shall
be Developer’s responsibility to have prepared Construction Plans to suit the shape and dimensions of the
Site, and Developer shall ensure that the Construction Plans comply with applicable ordinances, ADA
requirements, building codes and permit requirements and with lease requirements and restrictions.
Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive)
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
4

