18.

DEFAULT AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION
A.

Default

If an act of default hereunder is committed by Franchisee, and Franchisee fails to
cure the default after any required notice and within the cure period applicable, BKC may, at its option and
without prejudice to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or by law, terminate this Agreement
by written notice or otherwise. The applicable cure period shall be as described below but, if a cure period
is not specifically mentioned, it shall be thirty (30) days. In some cases, as identified below, no cure period
is allowed and no notice may be required. If any applicable law or rule requires a longer notice period or a
longer cure period than that provided herein, then the period required under the law or rule shall be
substituted for the requirements herein. The following are material acts of default and shall be good cause
for termination:
(1)
Franchisee fails to operate the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with
the operating standards and specifications established from time to time by BKC as to service, cleanliness,
health and sanitation. Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default. In the event that
such default is deemed by BKC, in its reasonable discretion, to be of a nature so serious as to threaten the
immediate safety or health of customers or employees of Franchisee, then, in such case, Franchisee will,
after verbal notice from BKC to Franchisee, immediately cease operation of the Franchised Restaurant until
such time as the serious health or safety default is rectified to BKC’s satisfaction. Failure to close the
Franchised Restaurant under these circumstances shall be an act of default. If this act of default shall
occur, BKC shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective
immediately and with no opportunity to cure.
(2)
Franchisee sells any product which does not conform to BKC's
specifications. Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default.
(3)
Franchisee fails to sell products designated by BKC as required to be sold
in the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default, provided,
however, if for reasons beyond the control of Franchisee, Franchisee is unable to obtain such products
within the cure period, the default cure period shall be extended for a reasonable period of time provided
Franchisee initiates and actively pursues substantial and continuing action within the cure period to cure
such default.
(4)
Franchisee sells products not approved by BKC. Franchisee shall have
five (5) days after notice to cure the default.
(5)

Franchisee uses equipment, uniforms or decor not approved by BKC.

(6)
Franchisee fails to maintain the Franchised Restaurant in good condition
and repair, or fails to make all improvements, alterations or remodelings as may be determined by BKC to
be reasonably necessary to reflect the Current Image as provided in Section 5.B. of this Agreement, as and
when required.
(7)
Franchisee fails to pay when due any Royalty or Advertising Contribution
required to be paid under this Agreement. Franchisee shall have ten (10) days after notice to cure the
delinquency.
(8)
Franchisee (i) fails to submit any information required by Section 10 of this
Agreement or (ii) submits a financial statement or other sales report which understates Gross Sales. If
Franchisee submits a financial statement or other sales report which understates Gross Sales in an amount
which exceeds two percent (2%) for any period or periods, BKC shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure.
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
24

