BKC. Franchisee shall not use any trade secret information for the purpose of machine learning,
augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm
improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without the express written consent of BKC. Such uses
shall be deemed not to be in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and are expressly
prohibited. Franchisee shall not, without prior written consent from BKC, input any trade secret information
into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI
services. Franchisee shall opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize trade secret
information for training of any AI model or for other purposes. At BKC's request, Franchisee shall require
each Owner to execute an agreement similar in substance to this Section in a form acceptable to BKC and
naming BKC as a third party beneficiary with the independent right to enforce such agreement.
(2)
Franchisee will not, directly or indirectly, at any time during the Term of
this Agreement or thereafter, do or cause to be done any act or thing disputing, attacking or in any way
impairing or tending to impair BKC's right, title or interest in the BURGER KING Marks or the BURGER
KING System. Franchisee shall immediately notify BKC of all infringements or imitations of the BURGER
KING Marks which come to Franchisee’s attention or challenges to Franchisee’s use of any of the BURGER
KING Marks, and BKC shall exercise absolute discretion in deciding what action, if any, should be taken.
Franchisee agrees to cooperate in the prosecution of any action to prevent the infringement, imitation,
illegal use or misuse of the BURGER KING Marks and agrees to be named as a party in any such action if
so requested by BKC. BKC agrees to bear the legal expenses incident to Franchisee’s participation in such
action, except for fees, expenses and other costs of Franchisee’s personal legal counsel if Franchisee
elects to be represented by counsel of its own choosing.
(3)
Franchisee shall not use any of the BURGER KING Marks, any variations
or abbreviations, or any words confusingly similar to the BURGER KING Marks as part of Franchisee’s
corporate or partnership name.
(4)
Unless otherwise required by this Agreement, Franchisee shall not use
any of the BURGER KING Marks, any variations or abbreviations, or any words confusingly similar to the
BURGER KING Marks on any website, or other electronic or social media or in or as part of any domain
name or electronic mail address.
B.

Independent Contractor

Franchisee is an independent contractor and is not an agent, partner, joint
venturer, joint employer or employee of BKC, and no fiduciary relationship between the parties exists.
Franchisee shall be the sole and exclusive employer of its employees and is solely responsible for all
aspects of the employment relationship with its employees, with the sole right to hire, discipline, promote,
demote, transfer, discharge and establish wages, hours, benefits, employment policies, and other terms
and conditions of employment for its employees without consultation with or approval by BKC. Franchisee
shall have no right to bind or obligate BKC in any way nor shall Franchisee represent that it has any right
to do so. BKC shall have no control over the terms and conditions of employment of Franchisee’s
employees.
In all public records and in Franchisee’s relationship with other persons, on
stationery, business forms and checks Franchisee shall indicate independent ownership of the Franchised
Restaurant and that it is operated under a Franchise granted by BKC.
Franchisee shall exhibit at the Franchised Restaurant in such places as may be
designated by BKC, a notification that the Franchised Restaurant is operated by an independent operator
and not by BKC.

Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
14

