shall control and be dispositive. Franchisee agrees to operate the Franchised Restaurant at the specified
location for the entire duration of the Term. Franchisee accepts this franchise with the full and complete
understanding that the franchise grant contains no promise or assurance of renewal. The sole and entire
conditions under which Franchisee will have the opportunity of obtaining a Successor Franchise Agreement
at expiration are those set forth herein in Section 17. This franchise is for the specified location only and
does not in any way grant or imply any area, market or territorial rights proprietary to Franchisee.
Notwithstanding anything set forth above, if Franchisee continues to operate the Franchised Restaurant
after the end of the Term and does not obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement in accordance with Section
17, Franchisee shall be deemed to be operating such Franchised Restaurant on a month-to-month basis
under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and BKC may terminate this Agreement at any time after
the end of the Term upon thirty (30) days prior written notice.
2.

INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE

Franchisee acknowledges that the grant of this franchise constitutes the consideration for
the payment by Franchisee to BKC of the amount of the Initial Franchise Fee set forth on the Key Contract
Data page (the “Initial Franchise Fee”), and that this sum shall be fully earned by BKC upon the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.
3.

ORGANIZATION OF FRANCHISEE

A.
The individuals listed as “Owners” in Exhibit B to this Agreement together own
100% of the ownership interests of Franchisee, and their respective ownership interests are set forth in
Exhibit B. Franchisee represents and warrants to BKC that the information set forth on Exhibit B is accurate
in all respects and that the Owner designated as the managing owner on the Key Contract Data Page and
in Exhibit B (the “Managing Owner”) presently has and will continuously have, throughout the Term, (i)
ownership of the percentage of equity interests in the Franchisee set forth in Exhibit B beside such
Managing Owner’s name, (ii) the authority to (a) bind Franchisee in any dealings with BKC and its Affiliates,
(b) direct any action necessary to ensure compliance with this Agreement, any lease and any other
agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant, and (c) direct any action necessary to ensure that the
day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant is in compliance with the MOD Manual, this Agreement,
any lease and any other agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee has not taken and
agrees that it will not hereafter take, whether directly or indirectly, any action to avoid the ownership and
authority requirements for the Managing Owner set forth in this Agreement through the entry of limiting
entity resolutions, management agreements, amendment of governing documents or any other device or
arrangement. Franchisee agrees to furnish BKC with such evidence as BKC may request from time to time
for the purpose of assuring BKC that the Managing Owner’s ownership and authority remains as
represented in this Agreement. No change in the Managing Owner may be made without the prior written
consent of BKC. If the Managing Owner dies or becomes incapacitated, then within sixty (60) days
thereafter, Franchisee shall name a new interim Managing Owner approved by BKC pursuant to BKC's
then current criteria for approving Managing Owners and such interim Managing Owner shall act as the
Managing Owner until the transfer set forth in Section 15.L has occurred. A new Managing Owner must be
approved by BKC in conjunction with the transfer set forth in Section 15.L. If the Managing Owner position
becomes vacant for any other reason, Franchisee shall designate a new Managing Owner approved by
BKC pursuant to BKC’s then current criteria for approving Managing Owners within thirty (30) days of such
vacancy.
B.
Franchisee shall notify BKC of, and at BKC’s request provide copies of, any
amendments to the articles of incorporation, by-laws, partnership agreement, or other governing documents
of Franchisee. No amendment to such governing documents may be made, nor may any resolution be
adopted or other approval granted without the written consent of an authorized officer of BKC if such
amendment or resolution would (1) change the description of the Franchisee’s purposes or authorized
activities; (2) change the designation of, or the procedures for designating, the Managing Owner;

Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
2

