You must construct, equip and furnish the Restaurant at the approved site in accordance with plans
and specifications approved by us. You also must obtain approval of your construction plans before
obtaining permits and beginning construction of the Restaurant. Our approval of these plans and
specifications is only for our purposes. You must ensure that your Restaurant is constructed, equipped and
furnished in a manner that complies with all applicable laws. If you do not obtain site approval by the date
specified in the TRA, and in any case during the TRA term, including any extensions, the TRA will expire
and you will forfeit any deposit. Under the MTRA and TRA, if you do not meet the deadline for opening
in the TRA or any of the deadlines in the MTRA development schedule, you have a one-time opportunity
to cure the default but we may ultimately terminate the MTRA or TRA and you could forfeit any remaining
deposit.
If you are opening a Restaurant in a Big-Box Retail facility, you must choose an architect from our
list of approved architects. We do not conform any site to local ordinances and building codes, obtain any
required permits for you or construct, remodel or decorate the premises.
The typical length of time between signing of a Franchise Agreement and the opening of the
Restaurant is 30 days. Typically, the Franchise Agreement is signed just prior to or concurrently with the
opening of the Restaurant. The length of time between the signing of an TRA or MTRA and the opening
of your Restaurant will vary depending on the availability of a suitable site, issues in obtaining property
control, need for a Sales Transfer Study, availability of financing, the type of facility and location, zoning
and permitting issues, construction time and delays, weather, shortages of labor and materials, and the like.
It typically ranges from several months to 2 years or more for a freestanding building in an area where there
are significant zoning or permitting issues.
If we cannot reach agreement on a site within 30 days of the date you sign your TRA or the agreedto date under your development schedule under your MTRA, you will be in default under the TRA or
MTRA, as applicable, and we may terminate the applicable agreement. If we terminate the TRA or MTRA
we can retain all amounts you have paid us or our affiliates.
MOD Manual
The Manual of Operating Data (the “MOD Manual”) referenced in the Franchise Agreement is
collectively comprised of the following individual manuals and publications, which may be Web-based or
in other electronic forms:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

BURGER KING® Operations Manual (“OPS Manual”)
Restaurant Equipment Manual
RSI Equipment & Facilities E-Red Book (“RSI Red Book”)
Approved Brands & Distributors List (“Approved Brands List”/”ABL”)
Approved Equipment List (“AEL”)
The BK® University platform including, BK® University Training modules, supporting printed and
digital resource materials, Zenput Digital Logs and Routines and additional applications including
all alerts and amendments as may be published as reasonably necessary

We may amend the components or requirements of the MOD Manual and implement changes to
the BURGER KING® System in our sole discretion.
Only products, equipment, services and procedures that we approve may be used in BURGER
KING® restaurants. Unless otherwise specified in writing by us, you should assume that any product,
equipment, service, or procedure not listed in any component of the MOD Manual is “not approved”, or is
“disapproved.”
Item 11
03/2026

Page 58

