(c)

If Lessee vacates, abandons or ceases doing business on the Premises or indicates its
intention to do so;

(d)

If this Lease or the estate of Lessee hereunder is transferred to any other person or party,
except in a manner permitted by the terms of this Lease;

(e)

If Lessee fails to pay Lessor any installment of the Rent or Additional Charges when it
becomes due and payable and fails to make such payment within ten (10) days after notice
thereof by Lessor to Lessee;

(f)

If Lessee fails to perform any of its nonmonetary obligations under this Lease and such
non-performance continues for a period within which performance is required to be made
by specific provision of this Lease or, if no such period is provided, for a period of thirty (30)
days after notice thereof by Lessor to Lessee; or, if such performance cannot be
reasonably had within such thirty day period, Lessee has not in good faith commenced
such performance within such thirty day period or has not diligently proceeded therewith to
completion;

(g)

If the Lessee or any agent of Lessee falsifies any report required to be furnished to Lessor
pursuant to the terms of this Lease and fails to notify Lessor of such falsification within sixty
(60) days of submission of such report.

(h)

Repeated breaches of provisions of this Lease. If BKC intends to terminate this Lease
under this Section 9.1.(h), BKC shall provide notice to Lessee that BKC considers the
Lessee to have repeatedly breached this Lease, and that BKC intends to terminate this
Lease if Lessee breaches the Lease at any time after said notice. If Lessee after receiving
such notice subsequently breaches this Lease in any manner, BKC shall have the right to
terminate this Lease upon notice with no further opportunity to cure.

(i)

Failure by Lessee to comply with any provisions of the Franchise Agreement relating to the
Premises.

In the event of a default under this Section 9.1, Lessor shall have such remedies as are provided under
this Lease and/or under applicable law.
§9.2 CURE BY LESSOR. After expiration of the applicable period of notice, or without notice in the event
of any emergency, Lessor at its option may, but shall not be obligated to, make any payment required of
Lessee or perform any obligation of Lessee, and the amount Lessor pays, or the cost of its performance,
together with interest thereon at the highest legal rate permitted, shall be deemed to be an additional charge
payable by Lessee on demand. Lessor shall have the right to enter the Premises for the purpose of
correcting or remedying any default, but neither any expenditure nor any such performance by Lessor shall
be deemed to waive or release Lessee’s default or the right of Lessor to take such action as may be
otherwise permissible in the case of default. The Lessor shall have no liability to the Lessee for any loss
or damages resulting from any such action by the Lessor, and entry by the Lessor under the provisions of
Article V or Article IX shall not constitute breach of the covenant for quiet enjoyment or an eviction.
§9.3 LESSOR’S REMEDIES. If Lessee is in default under this Lease, Lessor may, at its option, in addition
to such other remedies as may be available under applicable law:
(a)

terminate this Lease and Lessee’s right of possession, and retake possession for Lessor’s
account. In such event, Lessor may repair and alter the Premises in any manner as Lessor
deems reasonably necessary or advisable. All expenses of every nature which Lessor may
incur such as (by way of illustration and not limitation) those for attorneys’ fees, brokerage,

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
14

