6.

Amount Outstanding

Monthly Administrative Fee

$1 to $2000

$0

$2001 to $5000

$30

$5001 and above

$75

Entity or LLC Application Fees. An existing Franchisee who seeks to qualify to convert to an
Entity ownership structure under our then-current Entity Guidelines must file a distribution plan
application with us and pay an application fee and a conversion fee. The application fee is currently
$5,000 per Entity, but if the same Managing Owner applies to establish another Entity with a
substantially similar ownership structure, the application fee will be reduced to $1,000 for each
proposed Entity after the first one. In addition, a Franchisee must pay a fee for each existing
Restaurant that is converted to an approved Entity. The conversion fee for each Restaurant
converted at the same time is $1,000 for the first 10 Restaurants; no additional fee for Restaurants
11 through 20; and $500 for the 21st and each additional Restaurant.
Currently, we permit existing Franchisees under an Individual Franchise Agreement to apply for
the right to assign the franchise to a limited liability company (“LLC”) without converting to the
Entity form of Franchise Agreement. There is a processing fee of $2,500.
If a Franchisee seeks to convert an existing Franchise Agreement that is in an individual ownership
structure (“Owner/Operator Franchise Agreements”) to an entity form of Franchise Agreement
(“Entity Franchise Agreements”), the transfer fee will be $1,000 per Restaurant for the first 10
Restaurants; no additional fee for Restaurants 11 through 20; and $500 for the 21st and each
additional Restaurant.

7.

Sales Impact Contribution. We, with the input of the National Franchise Association of BURGER
KING Franchisees, have adopted procedures for resolving development disputes. Development
disputes arise when an existing Franchisee believes that a proposed new Restaurant would have a
significant adverse effect on the sales and profitability of its existing Restaurant. We have sole
discretion to decide whether the proposed new Restaurant will be developed, and whether
development will be by us or by a Franchisee. The procedures provide for mediation and allow for
a monetary award by an arbitrator to an existing Franchisee who proves substantial adverse impact
as a result of the new Restaurant opening.
If there is a development dispute concerning your proposed new Restaurant, we may, among other
options, decide not to allow you to develop the new Restaurant, or to allow you to develop the new
Restaurant, but only on the condition that you agree to contribute to the costs of resolving the
development dispute, including attorneys’ fees, amounts paid to settle the dispute, and any
compensation awarded. Depending on when and how the development dispute is resolved, your
contribution could be payable to us in whole or in part from approximately three months to two
years or more after the new Restaurant opens.

8.

Item 6
03/2026

Digital Services Fee. You must sign a Digital Services Agreement under which we grant you a
license to access and use the technology platforms that enable you to provide ordering, delivery,
and loyalty program services via the BURGER KING® mobile app or website. This fee applies to
certain digital sales that occur through the BURGER KING® mobile app, website, and certain
third-party ordering platforms that we may designate from time to time. We can increase or

Page 38

