XVI.
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES
§16.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Lessee shall at all times, at its own cost and expense, comply with all
federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulations and standards (“Hazardous Substance Laws”) relating
to the use, analysis, production, storage, sale, disposal or transportation of any hazardous materials,
including oil or petroleum products or their derivatives, solvents, PCB’s, explosive substances, asbestos,
radioactive materials or waste, and any other toxic, ignitable, reactive, corrosive, contaminating or pollution
materials ‘(“Hazardous Substances”) which are now or in the future subject to any governmental regulation.
Such compliance shall include any cleanup, removal, remedial action, testing or monitoring (including
medical monitoring) which may be required under Hazardous Substance Laws, court order or by any
governmental or regulatory agency.
§16.2 NOTICES TO LESSOR.
(a)

Except with respect to any substance described in Section 16.2(c) below, Lessee shall give
written notice to Lessor within three (3) business days after the date on which Lessee
learns or first has reason to believe that:
(1)

There has or will come to be located on or about the Premises any Hazardous
Substance, the production, transportation, storage, use or handling of which
requires a permit or license from any federal, state or local governmental agency.

(2)

Any release, discharge or emission of any Hazardous Substance has occurred on
or about the Premises, including the migration of any Hazardous Substance to or
from adjoining or nearby properties.

(3)

Any (i) enforcement, cleanup, removal, remediation, testing, monitoring or other
governmental or regulatory action has been threatened or commenced against
Lessee with respect to the Premises pursuant to any Hazardous Substances Laws;
or (ii) any claim has been made or threatened by any person or entity against
Lessee or the Premises on account of any alleged loss or injury claimed to result
from the alleged presence or release on or from the Premises of any Hazardous
Substance; or (iii) any report, notice, or complaint has been made to or filed with
any governmental agency concerning the presence, migration, use or disposal of
any Hazardous Substances on or from the Premises. Any such notice shall be
accompanied by copies of any such claim, report, complaint, notice, warning or
other communication that is in the possession of or is reasonably available to the
Lessee.

(b)

Any notice required under this Section 16.2 shall be accompanied by (i) a copy of all
permits, licenses, proofs of disclosure to governmental agencies. pertaining to Hazardous
Substances that have not previously been furnished to Lessor and; (ii) copies of any
Material Safety Data Sheets pertaining to such substances that are required by applicable
law to be kept at the Premises.

(c)

The notice provisions of this Article XVI shall not apply to materials that are lawfully
discharged from the Premises or lawfully used on the Premises in the ordinary course of
Lessee’s business.

§16.3 REMOVAL AND DISPOSAL. Except for materials that are lawfully discharged from the Premises
or lawfully used on the Premises in the ordinary course of Lessee’s business, Lessee shall cause any
Hazardous Substances to be removed from the Premises solely by duly licensed Hazardous Substances
transporters to duly licensed facilities for final disposal to the extent required by and in accordance with
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
22

