8.
DEFAULT AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Subsection 18.A.(17) of the Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following, and the following subsection 18.A.(30) is
hereby added to the Agreement:
(17)
Conduct by Franchisee, the Managing Owner or the Managing Director
which is deleterious to or reflects unfavorably on Franchisee or the BURGER KING System by
exhibiting a reckless disregard for the physical and mental well being of employees, customers,
BKC representatives or the public at large including battery, assault, sexual harassment or other
forms of threatening, outrageous, willfully discriminatory or unacceptable behavior. An act of
default under this Section 18.A.(17) does not require any criminal action to be brought against
Franchisee, the Managing Owner, or the Managing Director. If this act of default shall occur, BKC
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to
Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure.
(30)
Failure by Franchisee to comply with any of the requirements related to
the Managing Owner including any of the requirements set forth in Section 3.A., or failure by the
Managing Director to comply with any of the requirements related to the Managing Director
including any of the requirements set forth in Sections 5.K.
9.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANT; GUARANTY OF OBLIGATIONS.
Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Section 19 of the

Franchisee covenants and agrees for itself, its parent, subsidiaries and Affiliates
that during the Term of this Agreement they will not own, operate or have any interest in any
hamburger business except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants. Franchisee further
covenants and agrees that for a period of one (1) year after any sale, assignment, transfer,
termination or expiration of this Agreement, these entities will not own, operate or have any interest
in any hamburger business, except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants, either at or within
two (2) miles of the Premises. At BKC's request, Franchisee shall require each Owner and
Managing Director to execute an agreement similar in substance to this Section in a form
acceptable to BKC and naming BKC as a third party beneficiary with the independent right to
enforce such agreement.

The Managing Owner (and such other Owners of the Franchisee as BKC
may request) shall jointly and severally guarantee Franchisee’s payment and performance
under this Agreement and also shall bind themselves to the terms of this Agreement
pursuant to a Guaranty in a form prescribed by BKC. BKC reserves the right to require
any guarantor to provide personal financial statements to BKC from time to time.
10.

DEFINITIONS. Section 22 is hereby amended to add the following defined term:
“Managing Director” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.K.

11.
EXHIBIT B.
Exhibit B of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
with Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement Addendum
Exhibit J2 (03/2026)
BK#_________

4

