by us. These contributions vary and are generally for system wide initiatives. In the year ended December
31, 2025, these contributions, which were made by us, totaled approximately 7.9% of the consolidated fund
revenue. Approved suppliers may implement programs that benefit Restaurants, and we may receive
benefits from those programs as a purchaser with respect to Restaurants we own. We may incur additional
costs and expenses to develop or improve certain products and services (including, without limitation, food
and paper goods, equipment, uniforms, computer hardware or software) which ultimately may be provided
to the Restaurants by approved suppliers.
We or our affiliate may sell BURGER KING Restaurants, including equipment, supplies and
inventory, to Franchisees, with or without real estate (see Item 5). We or our affiliate may also lease
improved and unimproved real estate, and in some cases associated equipment and furnishings, for some
franchised Restaurants. If we or our affiliate sell a BURGER KING Restaurant to you, we or our affiliate
may require that you lease the real estate from us or our affiliate (if we or our affiliate owns the real estate)
or sublease the real estate from us or our affiliate or assume the lease (if we or our affiliate leases the real
estate). There is not a general requirement that you lease real estate from us, but some locations or restaurant
facilities may only be available under a lease from us. We are not obligated to lease real estate or equipment
to you. For leases, we or our affiliate will usually charge rent based upon our receipt of a competitive rate
of return on our investment. For subleases, we or our affiliate will usually charge you rent in excess of the
amount we are obligated to pay to the landlord as lessee.
In the year ending December 31, 2025, our revenues from all required purchases and leases of
products and services by Franchisees were approximately $231 million, which represented approximately
15.5% of our total revenues of approximately $1.485 billion. These figures are taken from its unaudited
internal financial statements.
RSI is a not for profit, independent purchasing cooperative that acts as the purchasing agent for
most equipment, supplies, food, premiums, paper, uniforms and other products and services used by the
Restaurants in order to consolidate purchasing opportunities. In limited situations, we may negotiate
purchase terms with certain approved suppliers. RSI is also authorized to purchase and manage distribution
services on behalf of our U.S. Restaurants and U.S. Franchisees who appoint RSI as their agent for these
purposes. All U.S. Restaurant operators, including Franchisees and us, may participate in the cooperative
as members of RSI. Decisions of the cooperative, including its budgetary needs and funding arrangements,
are made by RSI’s Board of Directors. RSI has a 21-member Board of Directors elected by the members
of the cooperative and comprised of two BURGER KING Franchisees nominated from each of nine
geographic districts across the U.S., one Franchisee from the Minority Franchisee Association representing
minority interests, one representative for us, and one independent director, all of whom are nominated by
the RSI Board of Directors. RSI is supported by income received from a surcharge on certain products sold
to Restaurants, and by allowances paid by suppliers. RSI issues patronage dividends to its members based
on each member’s pro-rata purchases under RSI Supply Agreements.
We do not provide any special benefits to Franchisees based solely on their use of approved
suppliers. We consider a Franchisee’s compliance with purchasing standards among many other factors
when determining whether to renew or grant additional franchises.
Officers of BKC own publicly traded shares of The Cannon Group, Inc., General Mills, Johnson &
Johnson, Kraft Heinz Co. and Pepsico Inc., suppliers of approved products to the BURGER KING®
System.
4936-9086-0699, v. 1

Item 8
03/2026

Page 50

