Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Partners, Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, and Board of Directors, Restaurant Brands International Inc., the
sole general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership:
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership
and subsidiaries (the Partnership) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the
related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB), the Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our
report dated February 20, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership’s internal control over
financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB
and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining,
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or
on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Impairment assessment of the Carrols Burger King reporting unit goodwill
As described in Notes 2, 6, and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership had recorded goodwill for the Carrols
Burger King (BK) reporting unit of $362 million as of December 31, 2025. The Partnership performs goodwill impairment testing
annually and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change which indicate that impairment might exist. Goodwill is evaluated
for impairment by determining whether the fair value of the Partnership’s reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. The Partnership
used an income approach and a market approach to estimate the fair value of the Carrols BK reporting unit. The income approach
discounts the reporting unit’s projected cash flows using a discount rate determined from a market participant’s perspective, and the
market approach uses similar publicly traded companies as guidelines, for determining fair value. The Carrols BK reporting unit fair
value was calculated utilizing an equal weighting of an income approach and market approach.
We identified the evaluation of the impairment assessment of the Carrols BK reporting unit goodwill as a critical audit matter.
Subjective auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge were required to evaluate the projected sales growth rates and
discount rate assumption used in the income approach to estimate the fair value of the Carrols BK reporting unit. Changes to those key
3

