FRANCHISEE’s Overspent Balance shall survive the
sooner termination or expiration of this Agreement.

11.
Representations, Warranties & Indemnities.
FRANCHISEE represents and warrants to BKC that (i) the
person executing this Agreement on behalf of
FRANCHISEE is authorized to enter into and fully perform
this Agreement; and (ii) FRANCHISEE will fulfill
FRANCHISEE’s obligations hereunder in accordance with
all applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.
FRANCHISEE agrees to at all times, defend, indemnify
and hold BKC, its parent corporations, affiliates,
subsidiaries and the officers, directors, agents and
employees of each, harmless from and against any and all
claims, demands and causes of action, liability, judgments,
damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) arising out of or based on any failure by
FRANCHISEE to perform any of the agreements, terms,
covenants conditions, representations or warranties of this
Agreement to be performed by FRANCHISEE.

8. Collections Costs. Should FRANCHISEE fail to make
FRANCHISEE’s
Additional
Contribution
which
FRANCHISEE has promised, contracted and agreed to pay
herein for any reason, including but not limited to the
closure of a restaurant for which an Additional
Contribution is owed, FRANCHISEE shall, on demand by
BKC, pay in addition to FRANCHISEE’s Additional
Contribution, all costs and expenses, including interest and
reasonable attorneys’ fees, paid or incurred by BKC in
enforcing this Agreement. FRANCHISEE agrees that
its/his/her payment history pursuant to this Contract may
be released to other Owners in the DMA.
9.
Sale of Participating Restaurants. In the event
FRANCHISEE transfers FRANCHISEE’s interest in any
of the Participating Restaurants (as set forth in Appendix
A) and Un-Owned Restaurants (as defined in Paragraph 10
below and set forth in Appendix A), FRANCHISEE shall
remain personally liable for any FRANCHISEE’s
Additional Contribution promised pursuant to this
Agreement (in accordance with the Assignment and
Transfer provisions of the relevant Franchise
Agreement(s)) and as a condition to any such transfer shall
require the purchaser(s) of any of the Participating
Restaurants and Un-Owned Restaurants be or become
jointly and severally obligated for FRANCHISEE’s
Additional Contribution.

12. Entire Agreement. The provisions contained herein
constitute the entire Agreement between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no statement
or inducement with respect to the subject matter hereof by
either party hereto or by any agent or representative of
either party hereto which is not contained in this
Agreement shall be valid or binding between the parties
13. Relationship of the Parties. The parties hereto are
independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed or construed to create, or have been
intended to create a partnership, joint venture, employment
or agency relationship between the parties hereto.

10. Un-Owned Restaurants. FRANCHISEE acknowledges
that the Un-Owned Restaurants are not, as of the date of
FRANCHISEE’s execution of this Agreement, owned or
operated by FRANCHISEE. The Un-Owned Restaurants
are either (a) the subject of a Target Reservation
Agreement between FRANCHISEE and BKC; (b)
assigned an A# by BKC; (c) under construction with a valid
BK#; (d) under contract to FRANCHISEE pursuant to a
binding purchase and sale agreement; or (e) being
discussed with BKC as possible re-franchising candidates.
In the event, the Un-Owned Restaurants become open and
operated pursuant to an executed BURGER KING®
Restaurant Franchise Agreement in the name of
FRANCHISEE during the Term, then they shall be subject
to the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that any
of the Un-Owned Restaurants are not opened and operated
as stated above, then this Agreement shall be null and void
with no further effect with regard to those Un-Owned
Restaurants only. With regard to the Participating
Restaurants and applicable Un-Owned Restaurants, this
Agreement shall, however, remain in full force and effect
and shall be unaffected thereby

IS Program Agreement FDD Template
Exhibit I1 (03/2026)

14. Effect of Headings. The headings and subheading of
the sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience
of reference only and shall not control or affect the
meaning or construction of any of the agreements, terms,
covenants and conditions of this Agreement in any manner.
15. Severability. If any term or provision of this
Agreement shall be found to be void or contrary to law,
such term or provision shall, but only to the extent
necessary to bring this Agreement within the requirements
of law, be deemed to be severed from the other terms and
provisions hereof, and the remainder of this Agreement
shall be given effect as if the parties had not included the
severed term herein.
16. Amendments. No provision of this Agreement may be
modified, waived or amended except by a written
instrument duly executed by each of the parties hereto. Any
such modifications, waivers or amendments shall not
require additional consideration to be effective.
17. No Implied Waiver. Any failure on the part of either
party to insist upon the performance of this Agreement or
any part hereof shall not constitute a waiver of any right

2

