TYPE OF FEE1
Sublease Fee (Carrols
Refranchising Program
only)

AMOUNT
Varies

DUE DATE
30 days after
closing

REMARKS
You must reimburse BKC for
the amount of any fees paid by
BKC to a third party landlord
in connection with obtaining
such landlord’s consent to
subleasing the restaurant
location to you.

FOOTNOTES:
1.

General. We expect that fees payable under Franchise Agreements described in this disclosure
document will generally be uniform or within the designated parameters. However, we reserve the
right to vary fees as a result of negotiations and to waive or refund fees as we deem appropriate. In
addition, Franchisees who have signed franchise agreements before the date of this disclosure
document may pay different fees than the fees in this chart. Any limitation on our ability to increase
a fee or other amount disclosed in this Disclosure Document only applies to Franchise Agreements
signed in connection with this Disclosure Document. None of these fees are imposed by a
cooperative nor are they refundable. All amounts are payable via a direct monthly withdrawal from
your bank account or through an electronic payment method.
“Gross Sales” includes all sums charged by you for goods, merchandise or services sold at or from
the Restaurant, including all premiums unless exempted by BKC. If we approve the sale of
BURGER KING® products away from the Restaurant, they will be included within the definition
of Gross Sales. Gross Sales excludes any federal, state, county or city tax, excise tax, or other
similar taxes collected by you from customers based upon sales, and cash received as payment in
credit transactions where the extension of credit itself has already been included in the figure upon
which the royalty and advertising contribution is computed.

2.

Royalty Rate. We offer a number of programs that will reduce this rate as described below:
2024 Multi-Unit New Development Incentive Program.
If we have accepted you into this program, the royalty rate for each Restaurant (excluding captive
and institutional locations) you develop and open in the BKoT Image under the MTRA you sign
will be as follows:
Royalty
Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

Year 4

Year 5

Year 6 and After

2.5%

3.0%

3.5%

3.5%

4.0%

4.5%

If you fail to open a Restaurant when required under the MTRA, and assuming that this Restaurant
is not the last Restaurant you are to open under the MTRA, we will extend the date to open that
Restaurant to December 31st of the term year in which the Restaurant was originally scheduled to
be opened. If you fail to open by December 31 of the term year in which the Restaurant was
originally scheduled to be open, the royalty rate and advertising contribution for that Restaurant
will be the then current royalty rate and advertising contribution, you must pay the then standard
franchise fee due for that Restaurant, and you will forfeit all deposits paid. If you fail a second time
Item 6
03/2026

Page 31

