(16)
Franchisee denies BKC the right to inspect the Franchised Restaurant or
to audit the sales and accounting records of the Franchised Restaurant.
(17)
Conduct by Franchisee or the Managing Owner which is deleterious to or
reflects unfavorably on Franchisee or the BURGER KING System by exhibiting a reckless disregard for the
physical and mental well being of employees, customers, BKC representatives or the public at large
including battery, assault, sexual harassment or other forms of threatening, outrageous, willfully
discriminatory or unacceptable behavior. An act of default under this Section 18.A.(17) does not require
any criminal action to be brought against Franchisee or the Managing Owner. If this act of default shall
occur, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice
to Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure.
(18)
Failure by Franchisee to make prompt payment of undisputed bills,
invoices or statements from suppliers of goods or services to the Franchised Restaurant and lenders,
landlords or other vendors of the Franchisee. Franchisee shall have sixty (60) days after notice to cure the
default.
(19)
Any sale, assignment, merger or transfer in violation of Sections 15 or 16
of this Agreement including a change of Control of Franchisee which occurs by means of a tender offer for
publicly-traded securities of Franchisee or at the direction of a receiver or trustee in bankruptcy. If this act
of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon notice to
Franchisee without opportunity to cure. Failure by Franchisee to effect a transfer of an Owner’s interest in
accordance with Section 15.L. of this Agreement shall be a transfer in violation of Section 15 for purposes
of this Section 18.A.(19).
(20)
Franchisee, without the written consent of BKC, enters into a management
agreement or consulting arrangement relating to the Franchised Restaurant.
(21)
Failure to restore the Franchised Restaurant after damage or destruction
as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement.
(22)
The submission by Franchisee, Managing Owner, or any other Owner of
any application and/or management commitment form and/or other form or report which contains any false
or misleading material statement or omits any material fact. If this act of default occurs, BKC shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee but with
no opportunity to cure.
(23)
Repeated breaches of provisions of this Agreement. If BKC intends to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 18.A.(23), BKC shall provide notice to Franchisee that BKC
considers that Franchisee has repeatedly breached this Agreement, and that BKC intends to terminate this
Agreement if Franchisee breaches the Agreement at any time after said notice. If Franchisee after receiving
such notice, subsequently breaches this Agreement in any manner, BKC shall have the right to terminate
this Agreement upon notice with no further opportunity to cure.
(24)
Section 19 of this Agreement.

The acquisition of an interest in a restaurant business in violation of

(25)
Failure by Franchisee to conduct the business of the Franchised
Restaurant in compliance with all laws and regulations as required under Section 21.C.(3) of this
Agreement.
(26)
Failure by Franchisee to comply with any other provisions of this
Agreement or, the lease for the Premises or any other agreement relating to the Franchised Restaurant.
Franchisee shall have sixty (60) days after notice to cure the default.
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
26

