AMENDMENT TO
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (ENTITY)
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF HAWAII
Burger King Restaurant #
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of Hawaii:
1.
Section 18.B of the Franchise Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the following
new subsection (6), which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:
(6)
Hawaii Law: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Section 18.B, BKC shall comply with Hawaii law which currently
requires that BKC compensate the Franchisee upon termination or refusal
to renew the franchise for the fair market value, at the time of the
termination or expiration of the franchise, of any inventory, supplies,
equipment and furnishings which were purchased from BKC or a supplier
designated by BKC. Personalized materials which have no value to BKC
need not be compensated for. If BKC refuses to renew a franchise for the
purpose of converting the Franchisee's business to one owned and
operated by BKC, BKC, in addition, must compensate the Franchisee for
the loss of goodwill. BKC may deduct reasonable costs incurred in
removing, transporting and disposing of the Franchisee's inventory,
supplies, equipment and furnishings pursuant to these requirements, and
may offset any moneys due BKC.
2.
No release, assignment, novation, or waiver set forth in the Agreement will relieve BKC or
any other person from liability imposed by the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, Hawaii Rev.
Stat. §§ 482E, et seq.
3.
Section C of the Introduction of the Franchise Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following language:
C.
Franchisee desires to acquire a franchise to operate a BURGER
KING Restaurant at the Premises for the entire Term specified in this
Agreement.
4.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
5.
Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent with respect to such
provision that the jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are met
independently without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]

State of Hawaii Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2026)

