KING side of the Premises, and FRANCHISEE shall only service BURGER KING customers with
BURGER KING approved product at the drive-thru window.
If each of the Co-Branded Businesses operated at the Premises has a separate restroom
facility, the restroom located at the Franchised Restaurant shall be maintained in accordance with
BKC's standards for restroom cleanliness and repair. If there is only one restroom facility located
on the Premises, it shall be maintained in accordance with BKC's standards for cleanliness and
repair. In addition, FRANCHISEE shall not sell any items in the restroom without BKC's approval.
1.
Repair and Maintenance. FRANCHISEE shall, at its expense, continuously
throughout the Term of this Agreement, maintain the Franchised Restaurant and all Common Areas
located on the Premises in good condition and repair in accordance with BKC's then current repair
and maintenance standards.
2.
Current Image. Franchisee shall improve, alter and remodel the Franchised
Restaurant to bring it into conformance with the national and local plans, specifications and/or other
standards for new or remodeled non-traditional BURGER KING Restaurants as may hereafter be
reasonable changed and defined from time to time by BKC ("Current Image") in accordance with
the following timetable:
(i)
If the Term of this Agreement is for a period of ten (10) to twenty (20)
years, , on or before the Midterm Date set forth on the Key Contract Data page,
FRANCHISEE shall remodel, renovate, improve and alter the exterior of the Franchised
Restaurant to conform with the Current Image in effect as of the end of the calendar year
immediately preceding the Midterm Date; provided, however, that the Midterm Date shall
not occur before the ninth anniversary of the completion date of the last Successor
Remodel of the Franchised Restaurant (even if such Successor Remodel was performed
under a prior franchise agreement for the Franchised Restaurant), as such completion date
is determined by BKC in its sole discretion.
(ii)
BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall meet annually to discuss
and establish the components of Current Image for the Franchised Restaurant. The
Current Image as established by BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council, from time to
time, shall be binding upon FRANCHISEE. If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council do
not agree on the Current Image, BKC and the Franchisee Association shall settle the
matter by arbitration by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the then current nonadministered arbitration rules of the Center for Public Resources. The arbitration shall be
governed by the United States Arbitration Act (U.S.A.A.), and judgment upon the decision
rendered by the arbitrator shall be binding on FRANCHISEE and BKC, and except as
provided in Section 10(a) of the U.S.A.A., shall not be appealable in any forum. The
decision may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration
shall be Miami, Florida.
Failure of FRANCHISEE to comply with the terms of this section 5.B shall be deemed a material
default of this Agreement.
C.

Signs

The BURGER KING marks will only be erected and displayed in the manner and at such
locations as are approved and authorized by BKC, in writing. FRANCHISEE agrees to maintain
and display signs reflecting the Current Image of Non-Traditional Restaurants and shall not place
additional signs or posters on the Premises without the prior written consent of BKC. All signs with
the BURGER KING marks utilized at the Premises must be obtained from sources approved by
BKC.
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit E1 (03/2026)
BK#__________
4

