applicable Hazardous Substances Laws, and shall deliver to Lessor copies of any hazardous waste
manifest reflecting the lawful transport and disposal of such substances.
§16.4 ENVIRONMENTAL AUDITS BY LESSOR.
(a)

Rights of Lessor. Lessor may, but shall not be required to, engage such independent
contractors as Lessor determines to be appropriate to perform from time to time any audit,
including environmental sampling and testing, of (i) the Premises, the surrounding soil and
any adjacent areas, and any groundwater located under or adjacent to the Premises and/or
any adjoining property, (ii) Lessee’s compliance with all Hazardous Substances Laws and
the provisions of this Lease, and (iii) the provisions made by Lessee for carrying out any
remedial action that may be required by this Lease (collectively an “Environmental Audit”).
All costs and expenses incurred by Lessor in connection with any such Environmental Audit
shall be paid by Lessor, except that if any such Environmental Audit shows that Lessee
has failed to comply with the provisions of this Article XVI, then such costs and expenses
shall be paid by Lessee to Lessor as Additional Charges pursuant to Section 3.4 of this
Lease.

(b)

Conduct of Audit. Each Environmental Audit shall be conducted (i) only after advance
notice thereof has been provided to Lessee at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the date
of such audit, and (ii) in a manner reasonably designed to minimize any interference with
the conduct of Lessee’s business on the Premises. Lessor shall repair any damages to the
Premises or to Lessee’s personal property caused by any Environmental Audit conducted
by or on behalf of Lessor.

(c)

Submission to Governmental Agency. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease
to the contrary, to the extent required by law, Lessor shall be entitled to submit the results
of any Environmental Audit to any federal, state or local governmental agency having
jurisdiction over (a) the Premises or (b) Hazardous Substances with respect to the
Premises.

§16.5 REMEDIATION.
(a)

By Lessee. If any Environmental Audit of the Premises (whether conducted by Lessor,
Lessee or any third party) shall recommend the cleanup, abatement, removal, disposal,
monitoring or further testing, including medical monitoring or testing (collectively
“Remediation”) of or for any Hazardous Substances found on or about the Premises, then
Lessor shall provide Lessee with a copy of such Environmental Audit and Lessee shall
promptly commence such Remediation.

(b)

By Lessor.
If, within thirty (30) days after receiving a copy of such Environmental Audit and such written
statement, Lessee fails either (i) to complete such Remediation, or (ii) with respect to any
Remediation which cannot be completed within such thirty-day period, fails to proceed with
reasonable diligence to complete such Remediation as promptly as. practicable, then the
Lessor shall be entitled to provide a copy of the Environmental Audit to any federal, state;
or local governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises or Hazardous
Substances.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Lease to the contrary, if any Environmental Audit
reveals a situation which, in Lessor’s sole opinion, constitutes an emergency, then Lessor
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to carry out any Remediation recommended by
such audit or if required by any federal, state or local governmental agency having

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
23

