of alcoholic beverages imposed under any law, including without limitation, a dram shop or alcoholic
beverage control act. Each policy will name BKC and its subsidiaries, its Affiliates and parent
companies as additional insureds, will provide that the policy cannot be canceled without Thirty
(30) days prior written notice to BKC, and will insure against the liability of BKC for both
FRANCHISEE'S and employees and agents of the Co-Branded Business's acts or omissions.
Before the Commencement Date, FRANCHISEE shall furnish, or shall cause the Co-Branded
Business to furnish, to BKC Certificates of Insurance reflecting that the insurance coverage is in
effect pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
11.
Section 13.E for the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the
following:
E.
FRANCHISEE is responsible for all losses or damages and contractual liabilities
to third persons arising out of or in connection with possession, ownership or operation of the
Franchised Restaurant, the Common Areas and the other businesses operated on the premises,
and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness or death of persons
directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. FRANCHISEE agrees to defend, indemnify and save BKC
and its subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies harmless from, against and with respect to
any such claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts, damages,
penalties, fines, settlements and causes of action, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel (hereinafter, "Claims"), unless resulting from the negligence of BKC.
BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or
concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law. The
indemnification of BKC by FRANCHISEE shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required
under Section 13.A or 13.B. This indemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited to, claims
related to the employment of FRANCHISEE'S employees. This obligation of FRANCHISEE to
indemnify and defend BKC is separate and distinct from its obligation to maintain insurance under
the provisions of Section 13.A and 13.B.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, FRANCHISEE agrees to defend, indemnify and
save BKC and its subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies harmless from, against and with
respect to any Claims (including environmental consultant and laboratory fees and costs and
expenses of investigating and defending any Claims) resulting from or attributable to (i) the
presence, disposal, migration, release or threatened release of any hazardous substance that is
on, from or affecting the Premises, including the soil, water, vegetation, buildings, personal
property, persons or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including wrongful death) or property damage
(real or personal) arising out of or relating to such hazardous substance(s); (iii) any lawsuits or
administrative order relating to such hazardous substance(s); or (iv) any violation of any laws
applicable to any hazardous substance for which FRANCHISEE or any Operator is responsible.
This obligation to indemnify and defend BKC shall apply even in the event of the negligence of or
claim of negligence against BKC and regardless of whether the negligence or claim of negligence
against BKC is as a result of the acts or omissions of BKC or that of FRANCHISEE or any Operator.
However, the obligation of FRANCHISEE to indemnify BKC for its own negligence shall be limited
to an amount equal to the amount of insurance set forth in Section 13.A or 13.B. BKC's right to
indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent
liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law. The indemnification
of BKC by FRANCHISEE for the negligence, acts or omissions of FRANCHISEE or any other
Operator, shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required under Section 13.A or 13.B. This
indemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited to, claims related to the employment of
FRANCHISEES employees. This obligation of FRANCHISEE to indemnify and defend BKC is
separate and distinct from its obligation to maintain insurance under the provisions of Section 13.A
and 13.B.

Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit E1 (03/2026)
BK#__________
10

