Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of Restaurant Brands International Inc. (“RBI”), the sole general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited
Partnership (the “Partnership”), is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements, related notes and other information included in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include certain amounts based on
management’s estimates and assumptions. Other financial information presented in the annual report is derived from the consolidated
financial statements.
Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing
an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our system of internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Partnership; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of RBI; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of Partnership’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2025 based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management
determined that Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.
The scope of management's assessment of the effectiveness of Partnership's internal control over financial reporting included all of
Partnership’s consolidated operations except for the operations of Pangaea Foods (China) Holdings Ltd. (“BK China”), which
Partnership acquired in February 2025 and met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and was reported as discontinued
operations. BK China had assets held for sale of $489 million and net loss from discontinued operations of $126 million as of and for
the year ended December 31, 2025.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
The effectiveness of Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by KPMG LLP,
Partnership’s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.

2

