WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (ENTITY)
Burger King Restaurant #________

The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and modify
the Franchise Disclosure Document, the franchise agreement, and all related agreements
regardless of anything to the contrary contained therein. This Addendum applies if: (a) the offer
to sell a franchise is accepted in Washington; (b) the purchaser of the franchise is a resident of
Washington; and/or (c) the franchised business that is the subject of the sale is to be located or
operated, wholly or partly, in Washington.
1.
Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.
2.
Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the Franchise
Agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the Franchisor, including in
the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions that
supersede the Franchise Agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the
Franchisor. Franchise agreement provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the
Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.
3.
Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation involving
a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of
Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as
determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if
litigation is not precluded by the Franchise Agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or
proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.
4.
General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the Franchise Agreement or related
agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except
when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the
parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In
addition, any such release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a
franchise is likewise void except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2).
5.
Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the franchise
agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period
for claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under
the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.
6.
Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the Franchisor’s
reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
7.
Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement
under any grounds permitted under state law.
8.
Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related
agreements that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason
State of Washington Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2026)

