§9.7 PROOF OF CLAIM. Nothing in this Article shall limit or prejudice the right of Lessor to prove and
obtain as liquidated damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or dissolution
proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute or rule of law governing such
proceeding, whether or not such amount is greater, equal to or less than the amount of the damages
referred to in any of the preceding sections.
§9.8 INJUNCTION. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Lessee of any of its Lease
obligations, Lessor shall have the right to enjoin and restrain the breach and to invoke any remedy allowed
by law or in equity, in addition to other remedies provided in this Lease.
§9.9 INDEPENDENT RIGHTS. The rights and remedies of Lessor are distinct, separate and cumulative,
and no one of them, whether or not exercised by Lessor, shall be deemed to be to the exclusion of any of
the others.
§9.10 NON-WAIVER. The failure of Lessor to insist upon strict performance of any of Lessee’s obligations
under this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights or remedies that Lessor may have and shall
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default by Lessee. The exercise of any of the Lessor’s
options under the Lease “shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy of Lessor.”
§9.11 WAIVER OF EXEMPTION FROM DISTRESS. Lessee agrees that notwithstanding anything
contained in any statute, enactment or other law of the state in which the Premises are located or of any
other jurisdiction, none of the personalty located on the Premises shall be exempt from levy for distress for
Rent in arrears, and that if Lessee makes any claim for such an exemption, this Lease may be pleaded as
an estoppel against Lessee in any appropriate action.
§9.12 FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, this Lease is
conditioned upon the faithful performance by Lessee of the Franchise Agreement, and a default in the terms
of the Franchise Agreement shall be a default of this Lease.
X.
NO RENT ABATEMENT
Unless specifically provided in this Lease, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of Rent, Additional Rent,
Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed by or allowed to Lessee, or any persons
claiming under Lessee, under any circumstances, whether for inconvenience, discomfort, interruption of
business, or otherwise.
XI.
CONDEMNATION
§11.1 ENTIRE AWARD. In the event that the Premises or any part of it is taken in condemnation
proceedings or by exercise of any right of eminent domain (or by settlement agreement in lieu thereof
between Lessor and those authorized to exercise such right), Lessor shall be entitled to collect the entire
amount of any award made without deduction for any estate vested in or owned by Lessee, subject only to
the rights of any mortgagee and to Lessee’s rights as set forth in this Lease. Lessee agrees to execute
any and all documents that may be required to facilitate collection by Lessor of any and all such awards.
Lessee shall have no right to participate in any condemnation proceedings or agreement except for the
purposes described in Section 11.5.
§11.2 SUBSTANTIAL TAKING. If at any time during the Lease Term, the whole or substantially all of the
Premises is taken or condemned, this Lease shall terminate and expire on the date on which title vests in
the condemning authority, upon which the Rent provided to be paid by Lessee shall be apportioned and
paid to that date, and Lessee shall have no claim against Lessor for the unexpired Term of this Lease or
for damage or for any other reason whatsoever. For the purposes of this Section, “substantially all of the
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
16

