(20)
Franchisee, without the written consent of BKC, enters into a management
agreement or consulting arrangement relating to the Franchised Restaurant.
(21)
Failure to restore the Franchised Restaurant after damage or destruction
as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement.
(22)
The submission by Franchisee of any application and/or management
commitment form and/or other form or report which contains any false or misleading material statement or
omits any material fact. If this act of default occurs, BKC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement,
such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee but with no opportunity to cure.
(23)
Repeated breaches of provisions of this Agreement. If BKC intends to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 18.A.(23), BKC shall provide notice to Franchisee that BKC
considers that Franchisee has repeatedly breached this Agreement, and that BKC intends to terminate this
Agreement if Franchisee breaches the Agreement at any time after said notice. If Franchisee after receiving
such notice, subsequently breaches this Agreement in any manner, BKC shall have the right to terminate
this Agreement upon notice with no further opportunity to cure.
(24)
Section 19 of this Agreement.

The acquisition of an interest in a restaurant business in violation of

(25)
Failure by Franchisee to conduct the business of the Franchised
Restaurant in compliance with all laws and regulations as required under Section 21.C.(3) of this
Agreement.
(26)
Failure by Franchisee to comply with any other provisions of this
Agreement or, the lease for the Premises or any other agreement relating to the Franchised Restaurant.
Franchisee shall have sixty (60) days after notice to cure the default.
(27)
The insurance required herein is cancelled or is threatened to be
cancelled. Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default.
(28)
At the time measured by BKC, which measurement shall occur on a
quarterly basis as set forth in BKC’s then current BURGER KING® North America Financial Policy (the
“Financial Policy”), Franchisee fails to meet the minimum financial criteria set forth in the Financial Policy.
Franchisee shall have one hundred eighty (180) days after notice to cure the default.
(29)
Failure by Franchisee to comply with any of the requirements related to
the Operating Partner, including any of the requirements of Section 3, or failure by the Operating Partner
to comply with any of the requirements related to the Operating Partner including any of the requirements
set forth in Sections 3 and 5.K.
The failure of BKC to terminate this Agreement upon the occurrence of one or
more acts of default will not constitute a waiver or otherwise affect the right of BKC to terminate this
Agreement because of a continuing or subsequent failure to cure one or more of the aforesaid acts of
default or any other default.
B.

Effect of Termination

(1)
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee's right to use
the BURGER KING Marks and the BURGER KING System shall terminate. Franchisee shall not thereafter
identify Franchisee as a BURGER KING franchisee or publicly identify Franchisee as a former BURGER
KING franchisee or use any of BKC's trade secrets, promotional materials, the BURGER KING Marks or

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
30

