Table of Contents
Restricted Stock Units
RSUs are generally entitled to dividend equivalents, which are not distributed unless the related awards vest. Upon vesting, the
amount of the dividend equivalent, which is distributed in additional RSUs, except in the case of RSUs awarded to non-management
members of RBI’s board of directors, is equal to the equivalent of the aggregate dividends declared on common shares during the
period from the date of grant of the award compounded until the date the shares underlying the award are delivered. RBI grants fully
vested RSUs, with dividend equivalent rights that accrue in cash, to non-employee members of its board of directors in lieu of a cash
retainer and committee fees. All such RSUs will settle and common shares of RBI will be issued following termination of service by
the board member.
Grants of time-vested RSUs generally vest 25% per year on December 15th or 31st over four years from the grant date and
performance-based RSUs generally cliff vest three years from the grant date (the starting date for the applicable vesting period is
referred to as the “Anniversary Date”).
During 2022, RBI granted performance-based RSUs that cliff vest three years from the original grant date based on achievement
of performance metrics with a multiplier that can increase or decrease the amount vested based on the achievement of contractually
defined relative total shareholder return targets with respect to the S&P 500 Index. Performance-based RSUs granted in 2023, 2024,
and 2025 cliff vest three years from the original grant date based solely on defined relative total shareholder return targets with respect
to the S&P 500 Index. Performance-based RSUs granted to the CEO of RBI in 2023 and the CFO of RBI in 2025 cliff vest five years
from the date of grant and may be earned from 50% for threshold performance to 200% for maximum performance, based on meeting
performance targets tied to the appreciation of the price of RBI common shares, with none of the award being earned if the threshold is
not met. The respective fair value of these performance-based RSU awards was based on a Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model
and these market condition awards are expensed over the vesting period. The total fair value of performance-based RSUs that solely
have a performance condition relative to the S&P 500 Index does not change regardless of the value that the award recipients
ultimately receive.
For grants of time-vested RSUs, if the employee is terminated for any reason prior to any vesting date, the employee will forfeit
all of the RSUs that are unvested at the time of termination. For grants of performance-based RSUs, if the employee is terminated
within the first two years of the Anniversary Date, 100% of the performance-based RSUs will be forfeited. If we terminate the
employment of a performance-based RSU holder without cause at least two years after the grant date, or if the employee retires, the
employee will become vested in 67% of the performance-based RSUs that are earned based on the performance criteria.
An alternate ratable vesting schedule applies to the extent the participant ends employment by reason of death or disability.
Chairman Awards
In connection with the appointment of the RBI Executive Chairman in November 2022, RBI made one-time grants of options,
RSUs and performance-based RSUs with specific terms and conditions. RBI granted 2,000,000 options with an exercise price equal to
the closing price of RBI common shares on the trading day preceding the date of grant that cliff vest five years from the date of grant
and expire after ten years. RBI granted 500,000 RSUs that vest ratably over five years on the anniversary of the grant date. Lastly, RBI
granted 750,000 performance-based RSUs that cliff vest five and a half years from the date of grant and may be earned from 50% for
threshold performance to 200% for maximum performance, based on meeting performance targets tied to the appreciation of the price
of RBI common shares, with none of the award being earned if the threshold is not met. The respective fair value of these
performance-based RSU awards was based on a Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model and these market condition awards are
expensed over the vesting period regardless of the value that the award recipient ultimately receives.

39

