conveyance, assignment, consolidation, merger or any other transaction in which legal or beneficial
ownership of the Franchised Restaurant or the franchise granted by this Agreement is vested in a party
other than Franchisee. If this Agreement has been assigned to a Corporation or LLC in accordance with
Section 15 of this Agreement, then this right of first refusal shall also apply if Voting Common Stock in the
Corporation, or Voting Units in the LLC, is sold, assigned or transferred to individuals or entities other than
those approved by BKC as owners of the Voting Common Stock or Voting Units.
B.
The election by BKC not to exercise its right of first refusal as to any offer shall not
affect its right of first refusal as to any subsequent offer.
C.
Any sale, attempted sale, assignment or other transfer of the franchise grant other
than a transfer pursuant to Section 15.C or 15.D effected without first giving BKC the right of first refusal
described above shall be void and of no force and effect. If this Agreement has been assigned to a
Corporation or LLC in accordance with Section 15 of this Agreement, any sale, attempted sale, assignment
or other transfer of Voting Common Stock in the Corporation or Voting Units in the LLC to individuals or
entities other than those approved by BKC as owners of Voting Common Stock or Voting Units without first
giving BKC the right of first refusal described above shall be void and of no force and effect.
17.

OPTION TO OBTAIN SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

Franchisee shall have, exercisable on the Expiration Date of the Term of this Agreement,
an option to obtain a Successor BURGER KING Franchise Agreement (“Successor Franchise Agreement”)
for a term of twenty (20) years, provided that:
A.
Franchisee has given BKC written notice (“Notice”) of its intention to exercise its
Option to Obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement during the fourth year prior to the expiration of the
Term of this Agreement.
B.
Franchisee, at the time of the Notice and at the time of the expiration of the Term
of this Agreement, is not in default of and has substantially complied with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and all other franchise agreements or other agreements with BKC that Franchisee, Operating
Partner may be a party to consistently and throughout its Term, including the following:
(1)
Franchisee has operated the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including operating the Franchised Restaurant in compliance
with the operating standards and specifications established from time to time by BKC as to quality of service,
cleanliness, health and sanitation;
(2)
Franchisee has satisfied, in a timely fashion, all financial obligations in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
(3)
Franchisee has maintained, improved, altered, replaced and remodeled
the Franchised Restaurant, including the building, Premises, signs and equipment, throughout the Term of
this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
(4)
Franchisee shall have completed, not more than three (3) years and not
less than three (3) months prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, the improvements,
alterations, remodeling or rebuilding of the interior and exterior of the Franchised Restaurant so as to reflect
the then Current Image of BURGER KING Restaurants, pursuant to such plans and specifications as BKC
reasonably approves (“Successor Remodel”).
(5)

Execution by Franchisee of a general release of BKC in a form satisfactory

to BKC.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
26

