Your achievement of these KPIs will be determined by BKC at the conclusion of the period following
your assumption of managerial responsibilities for the Restaurants.
This Term Sheet does not provide an exhaustive list of requirements that you must meet in order to be
offered an opportunity to become a franchisee and purchase the Restaurants, which will include the
requirements for “franchise approval” set forth in the then-current BKC North America Franchise
Approval and Expansion Policy.
You will have to obtain private financing to purchase the Restaurants. BKC may, in its sole discretion,
assist you in your purchase of the Restaurants by providing you with a loan if BKC determines that
Financing

such a loan is necessary after review of the purchase price and bank underwriting, if any. The loan
provided by BKC, if any, shall be secured with the assets of the Restaurants (or such other collateral as
BKC may require). The terms of such BKC loan shall be determined at the time of the transaction.
At the time we offer you an opportunity to become a franchisee and purchase the Restaurants, BKC will
determine the purchase price for the Restaurants which shall not exceed [$

Purchase
Price

], which includes current

valuation of the Restaurants plus a cushion for net working capital and investments (installing PAR
POS etc.), which could arise over the next [

] years.

Refer to Exhibit A for Restaurant details.
Franchise Agreement Term: If you become a franchisee, for each Restaurant, you will execute at
closing a franchise agreement, a CYC Addendum to the franchise agreement, a lease/sublease
agreement and other ancillary agreements to be determined by BKC at the time of the Transaction
based on the nature of transaction, as necessary. The initial term of each franchise agreement shall
expire on the expiration date of the predecessor franchise agreement for the Restaurant, subject to
Franchise
Agreement
Terms; Other
Agreements

property control. A 20-year franchise agreement will be issued after a Restaurant has been remodeled
by BKC, subject to property control.
.
Although versions of the franchise agreements and other agreements that you will sign in connection with
any Transaction are available in the FDD in effect as of the date hereof, you acknowledge that you will
sign the version of franchise agreement and other agreements disclosed in the version of FDD in effect at
the time of the Transaction, which may differ from the version of those agreements disclosed in the FDD
in effect as of the date hereof, or a revised version of such disclosed agreements in effect at the time of
the Transaction based on negotiations among the parties.
For each of the Restaurants, the rental due under the applicable Lease/Sublease Agreement shall be the

Lease Terms

greater of (i) the guaranteed minimum annual rent required by landlord, and (ii) 8.5% of all gross sales
from the Restaurant up to $1.6M of gross sales, or 10% of all gross sales from the Restaurant in excess
of $1.6M.
BKC will complete the remodel of the following restaurants. These remodels may happen prior to you

Remodel

acquisition of the Restaurants.

Requirements
BK#
CYC Term Sheet
Exhibit Z1 (03/2026)

Remodel Scope

