and shall be accounted for separately by Provider and will not be co-mingled with the U.S.
Advertising Fund established under the Franchise Contracts. Not more than once
annually, the Franchisee Association (as such term is defined in the Franchise Contracts)
shall have the right, following reasonable notice to Provider, to audit Provider's fiscal
year-end results with regard to the income and expenditures associated with the Digital
Services Fees collected by Provider for BURGER KING restaurants located in the U.S. The
audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The
audit shall be at the sole cost of the Franchisee Association. Only records of the past two
fiscal years will be produced for the audit. The results of the audit will be made available,
on request, to Franchisee. Franchisee shall have no independent right to audit, provided
however, if no Franchisee Association exists, franchisees owning collectively at least thirty
percent (30%) or more of all BURGER KING franchisee-owned and operated restaurants
in the U.S. shall have the right to audit under the same terms and conditions set forth in
this paragraph.
Adjustments in Digital
Services Fees:

Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that, at any time on or after January 1, 2026 (but no
more frequently than once per calendar year), the foregoing Digital Services Fees are
subject to adjustment by Provider (i.e., an increase or a decrease as applicable) to cover
the fees incurred by, and the costs and expenses of, Provider or one or more of its
Affiliates in providing, improving, and expanding the Cloud Services as determined by
Provider in its discretion.

Invoice and Payment Schedule:

On the second (2nd) Business Day (as defined below) of each calendar month, Provider
will bill Franchisee for the outstanding Digital Services Fees for the immediately preceding
calendar month based on the Transactions for the preceding calendar month. Such fees
will appear on Franchisee’s ePay accounts on the third (3rd) Business Day of each such
calendar month, and such fees shall be paid by Franchisee via its ePay accounts on or
before the tenth (10th) Business Day of each such calendar month. As used above, the
term “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in the
United States, on which banks are open in the United States for general commercial business.

Prior Agreement:

As of the Effective Date, this Order Form supersedes and replaces any and all prior or
contemporaneous order forms or agreements (whether written or oral) that address or
contemplate the same subject matter addressed in this Order Form, including without
limitation any Digital App Services Agreement (collectively, the “Prior Agreement”). The
Prior Agreement is hereby terminated and of no further force or effect, and any rights,
duties, liabilities, or obligations of either party arising under or related to the matters
covered by the Prior Agreement shall continue and instead be deemed to arise under,
and shall be governed exclusively by, this Order Form. To the extent of any conflict
between this Order Form and the Prior Agreement, the terms of this Order Form shall
govern and control.

[Signatures appear on following page.]

BKC FDD 03/2026
Exhibit V

4

