(b)

Advertising Contribution.

Except as provided in Sections 5 and 6, the advertising contribution for
each Franchised Restaurant that Developer opens under the Agreement shall be as follows:

Year 1
Advertising
Contribution

Year 2
Advertising
Contribution

2.0%

2.5%

Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6 and After
Advertising Advertising Advertising
Advertising
Contribution Contribution Contribution
Contribution

3.0%

3.0%

3.5%

Base Fee*

* “Base Fee” shall be an amount determined by BKC, in our sole discretion, but not to exceed the
greater of 4.5% of Gross Sales or the then-current standard (undiscounted) advertising
contribution.

(c)

Multi-Unit DIP 2024 Addendum.

Prior to the opening of each Franchised Restaurant, BKC shall furnish to
Developer its current form of franchise agreement and, provided Developer has complied with the
terms and conditions of this Addendum, BKC shall provide a Multi-Unit DIP 2024 Addendum for
such Franchised Restaurant, reflecting the terms and conditions specified in this Addendum.
5.

OPENING FAILURES. The following paragraph replaces Section 6.2 of the Agreement:
6.2
Cure of Development and Opening Commitment Schedule
Default. If Developer commits an Event of Default under this Agreement for failure
to meet any Development and Opening Commitment Schedule deadlines in any
applicable Term Year listed on Exhibit B, Developer may cure such Event of
Default as provided in this Section 6.2 so long as Developer has at least one (1)
Franchised Restaurant yet to be developed under this Agreement in addition to the
Franchised Restaurant that has not been timely and successfully opened as
required by this Agreement (the “Opening Failure”).
(a)
BKC shall extend the date to open such Franchised
Restaurant that Developer failed to timely and successfully open to
December 31 of the Term Year in which the Opening Failure occurred (the
“Extended Opening Date”). If the Franchised Restaurant is opened by the
Extended Opening Date, Developer shall receive the benefit of the
reduced royalty rate and advertising contribution set forth in Section 4(a)
and 4(b) and the Franchise Fee Deposit (if applicable) will be applied
against the franchise fee.
(b)
If Developer fails to timely and successfully open such
Franchised Restaurant by the Extended Opening Date, Developer shall
forfeit all unused Franchise Fee Deposits paid, pay the standard Franchise
Fee due, and the royalty rate and advertising contribution for such
Franchised Restaurant shall be the then current royalty rate and
advertising contribution, until the end of the franchise term. Further, failure
to open that Restaurant by the Extended Opening Date shall constitute a
second (2nd) Opening Failure under Section 6.2(c).

2024 Multi-Unit DIP Program Addendum to Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive)
Exhibit K1 (03/2026)
2

