Local Advertising
We also administer investment spending (“IS”) accounts established for Designated Marketing
Areas (“DMAs”) through the contributions of franchised Restaurants and Restaurants we own in the
applicable DMA. These funds are then used for local marketing programs in the applicable DMA. We
refer to these Programs as our “IS Program.” The decision to offer an IS Program, in any given year as
well as the terms and conditions of any IS Program, is determined solely by us. If your DMA decides to
participate in an IS Program, you will have the option of entering into the IS Program agreement, unless
you have a Majority Clause provision in your Franchise Agreement, as further described below. Under the
IS Program agreements, you agree to place into an IS fund an amount up to 2% of the Restaurant’s gross
sales for local marketing programs. These amounts will then be allocated to the Restaurants participating
in the Program in that DMA. Funds contributed by Franchisees under an IS Program are carried over to
the next year, unless otherwise specified in the IS Program agreement. We can terminate an IS Program if
at least 66.7% of the eligible franchised Restaurants and Restaurants we own in the DMA, as we determine,
do not participate in the Program.
If you have a Majority Clause provision in your Franchisee Agreement, you must participate in an
IS Program if 66.7% or more of the eligible franchised Restaurants and Restaurants we own in the DMA
(as determined by us in our discretion) elect to participate in the IS Program. You will participate in the
Program under exactly the same IS contract terms and conditions as the other Franchisees in your DMA.
The obligation to participate in an annual IS Program under these circumstances exists for the entire term
of the Franchise Agreement. (A copy of the IS contract forms are attached as Exhibit I1 to this disclosure
document). We have also included in Exhibit I1 those forms you would sign if the Franchisees in your
DMAs decided to investment spend for a special purpose, like a sports sponsorship, or when there is no IS
program in effect. The Majority Clause provision discussed above would also apply in these circumstances.
We are not obligated to expend any sums on advertising in the vicinity of your Restaurant. We
typically advertise by DMA or on a national basis, whichever we deem more appropriate. For a new
Restaurant and certain remodeled or re-opened Restaurants, a portion of contribution to the Fund will be
made available to reimburse you for certain expenses of a grand opening promotion, in accordance with
our policy at the time of opening. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 6.D).
If you want to use your own advertising or promotional materials, you must obtain our approval as
to media type and format, conduct the advertising or promotion in a dignified manner, and conform to all
federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, standards and guidelines. The advertising and promotional
elements must also meet our standards and requirements. You must submit samples of proposed advertising
and promotional plans and materials to us for approval before you use them. You may not use any
advertising or promotional plans or materials without our prior written approval, and must remove
previously approved materials if we have ceased using or subsequently disapproved the advertising or
promotional plans or materials, (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 5.J). Unless we otherwise approve, you may not
use any of the BURGER KING® Marks on any website, or other social media or as part of a domain name
or other electronic mail address. (Franchise Agmt. – Sec. 11.A.7).
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
4910-7381-1611, v. 1

Item 11
03/2026

Page 64

