’éĘ

’éĘ
’éĘ

’éĘ

Deploying and integrating Provider-approved point-of-sale systems, with Providerapproved software versions, hardware specifications, and connectivity and other
technical requirements specified by Provider in writing from time to time in
accordance with the Franchise Contracts.
Providing the menu offering for each Digital Platform. This includes coordinating
with approved point-of-sale system providers to launch new products/vouchers or
modify existing ones.
Ensuring point-of-sale system injection, including system upgrades (if needed) to
match the hardware and software requirements set by the point-of-sale system
providers. Point-of-sale system upgrades are not part of the Cloud Services, and
therefore, upgrade costs are not included in the cost of the Cloud Services, all of
which shall be at FranchiseeŌĆÖs sole cost and expense.
Contracting directly with a payment service provider approved by Provider in writing
for the mobile order and pay function. Franchisee must ensure that its payment
service provider enables Site Visitors to pay through each Digital Platform via
different payment methods.

Restaurants:

See Exhibit B

Digital Services Fee:

Franchisee shall pay to Provider a Digital Services Fee as follows:
(i)

A fixed fee of USD $110 per Restaurant per month, plus

(ii)

One percent (1%) of the total monthly Digital Sales (as defined below) for each
Restaurant;

provided that , notwithstanding the foregoing, the total Digital Services Fees payable for
each Restaurant shall be capped at USD $4,500 per calendar year.
ŌĆ£Digital SalesŌĆØ means gross sales arising from Transactions processed through or
facilitated by any Digital Platform, excluding transactions completed via (i) credit card
token integrations, and (ii) self-service kiosks.
A ŌĆ£TransactionŌĆØ is defined to include each transaction whereby a Site Visitor:
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

(e)

Places and pays for an order through any Digital Platform and then elects to pick
up such order at or from a Restaurant.
Places an order through any Digital Platform and then elects to pay for such
order at or from a Restaurant.
Places and pays for an order through any Digital Platform and then elects to
have such order delivered from a Restaurant via Delivery Applications
designated by Provider.
Uses a digital offer (including a coupon) via any Digital Platform in connection
with a purchase at or from a Restaurant (whether dine in, pick up or drive thru,
for example) and pays the amount due, if any, with cash or credit, debit, or any
other form of payment.
Uses any Digital Platform or any other available alternative method at or from
a Restaurant (whether dine in, pick up or drive thru, for example) to accumulate
loyalty points.

Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees as follows: (x) Franchisee may not deduct
any Digital Services Fees payable to Provider from the calculation of Gross Sales in
accordance with Franchisee's Franchise Contracts, and (y) any Digital Services Fees
payable to Provider are in addition to (and not in lieu of) any recurring fees or other
amounts payable by Franchisee under its Franchise Contracts (including, without
limitation, any royalties or advertising fund contributions).
Audit:

The revenues generated by the Digital Services Fee collected under this Agreement shall
be combined with the Digital Services Fee revenues paid by other franchisees in the U.S.

BKC FDD 03/2026
Exhibit V

3

