2.

In consideration of the requirements of the Hawaii Administrative Rules, Section 16-37-4(d)(19),
Burger King Company LLC has registrations which will be effective in the States of Hawaii,
Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. It is exempt or
seeking exemption from registration in California, Illinois, Maryland, New York, North Dakota,
Virginia and Washington. During the previous 12 months (i) no state has refused, by order or
otherwise, to allow Burger King Company LLC to register this franchise, (ii) no state has revoked
or suspended Burger King Company LLC’s right to offer franchises in their state, and (iii) Burger
King Company LLC has not withdrawn its proposed registration to franchise in any state.

3.

Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended by adding the following information
for lines “k,” “l,” and “m” of the Table:
In connection with a transfer, you must sign a release of any claims you may
have against BKC. However, the release will not apply to any claim you may
have under Hawaii law.

4.

Registered agent in the state authorized to receive service of process:
Commissioner of Securities of Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs
Business Registration Division
Securities Compliance Branch
335 Merchant Street, Room 205
Honolulu, Hawaii 96813

5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of us. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
Each provision of this Addendum is effective only to the extent with respect to such provision that the
jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are met independently without
reference to this Addendum.

State of Hawaii Addendum
Exhibit P (03/2026)

