"If the Lessee fails to perform any of its obligations under any promissory note or Leasehold
Mortgage permitted herein, resulting in a default in the Leasehold Mortgage, and if said default is
not cured by the Lessee within the time period provided in the Leasehold Mortgage for the Lessee
to cure such default."
XI.
CONDEMNATION
11.5
LESSEE'S INDEPENDENT AWARD. §11.5 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following:
"§11.5 LESSEE’S INDEPENDENT AWARD. Nothing in this article shall preclude Lessee from
pursuing any independent action permitted by law or from participating in the condemnation
proceedings, but only for the purpose of securing an independent award for its ownership of its
Leasehold Improvements, loss of business or damage to personalty."
XIII.
ASSIGNMENT
13.2

ASSIGNMENT BY LESSEE. The following shall be added at the end of §13.2:
"Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lessee herein shall be entitled to provide a collateral
assignment of this Lease Agreement for financing purposes if required by its Leasehold Mortgagee
subject to all of the terms expressed in this Lease and Addendum. In the event a Leasehold
Mortgagee shall come into possession of the Premises as provided for herein, such Leasehold
Mortgagee may assign or sublet this Lease only with the prior written consent of Lessor which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. It shall not be unreasonable for Lessor to withhold its
consent to such assignment or subletting for any use or uses not consistent with the provisions of
§5.1 as outlined in this Lease and Addendum."
XVII.
MISCELLANEOUS

17.14

DEFINITIONS. Section 17.14 of the Lease is hereby amended to add the following definitions:
“(f) Leasehold Mortgagee. As used in this Addendum the term Leasehold Mortgagee shall mean
the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security interest in the building and other
improvements located on the Premises together with the fixtures located therein, as more
specifically defined in §17.14 (e) of the attached Lease (hereinafter the "Leasehold Improvements")
for indebtedness of the Lessee and any assignee or transferee of such holder.
(g) Leasehold Mortgage. As used in this Addendum the term Leasehold Mortgage shall mean any
mortgage, deed of trust or other security interest encumbering or attaching to the Leasehold
Improvements.
(h) Mortgage. The definitions expressed in §17.14 (c) and §17.14 (d) referring to "mortgage" and
"mortgagee" respectively shall refer to mortgages or mortgagees of the fee property and shall be
distinguished from Leasehold Mortgage or Leasehold Mortgagee.”

BKG Addendum to BKL Lease
Exhibit G2 (03/2026)
3

