AMENDMENT TO
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Development Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of Illinois:
1.
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in a
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of
Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place outside
of Illinois.
2.

Illinois law governs the Development Agreement.

3.
Developer’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.
4.
In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition,
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance
with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void.
5.
The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the
bankruptcy of Developer may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101.
6.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
7.
Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent that with respect to such
provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Act are met independently
without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]

State of Illinois Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2026)

