Table of Contents
RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Description of Business and Organization
Description of Business
Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership (“Partnership”, “we”, “us,” or “our”) is a Canadian limited partnership. We
franchise and operate quick service restaurants serving premium coffee and other beverage and food products under the Tim Hortons®
brand (“Tim Hortons”), fast food hamburgers principally under the Burger King® brand (“Burger King”), chicken under the Popeyes®
brand (“Popeyes”), and sandwiches under the Firehouse Subs® brand (“Firehouse”). We are one of the world’s largest quick service
restaurant, or QSR, companies as measured by total number of restaurants. As of December 31, 2025, we franchised or owned 6,232
Tim Hortons restaurants, 19,900 Burger King restaurants, 5,413 Popeyes restaurants, and 1,496 Firehouse Subs restaurants, for a total
of 33,041 restaurants, and operate in more than 120 countries and territories. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, over
95% of system-wide restaurants were franchised.
We are a subsidiary of Restaurant Brands International Inc. (“RBI”). RBI is our sole general partner, and as such, RBI has the
exclusive right, power, and authority to manage, control, administer, and operate the business and affairs and to make decisions
regarding the undertaking and business of Partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement of Partnership (“partnership
agreement”) and applicable laws.
All references to “$” or “dollars” are to the currency of the United States unless otherwise indicated. All references to “Canadian
dollars” or “C$” are to the currency of Canada unless otherwise indicated.
Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies
Fiscal Year
We operate on a monthly calendar, with a fiscal year that ends on December 31.
Basis of Presentation
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States (“GAAP”) and related rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission requires our management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements (the “Financial Statements”) include our accounts and the accounts of entities in which we
have a controlling financial interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority voting interest, including marketing funds
we control. We also consider entities for consolidation when the controlling financial interest may be achieved through arrangements
that do not involve voting interests (“VIE”).
All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in other affiliates that
are owned 50% or less where we have significant influence are generally accounted for by the equity method.
Foreign Currency Translation and Transaction Gains and Losses
Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar, since our term loans and senior secured notes are denominated in U.S. dollars. The
functional currency of each of our operating subsidiaries is generally the currency of the economic environment in which the
subsidiary primarily does business. Our foreign subsidiaries’ financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars using the foreign
exchange rates applicable to the dates of the financial statements. Assets and liabilities are translated using the end-of-period spot
foreign exchange rates. Income, expenses, and cash flows are translated at the average foreign exchange rates for each period. Equity
accounts are translated at historical foreign exchange rates. The effects of these translation adjustments are reported as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”) in the consolidated statements of equity.
For any transaction that is denominated in a currency different from the entity’s functional currency, we record a gain or loss
based on the difference between the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date and the foreign exchange rate at the transaction
settlement date (or rate at period end, if unsettled) which is included within other operating expenses (income), net in the consolidated
statements of operations.
11

