(27)
Any false or misleading representation of Franchisee or the Owners with
respect to the Franchise Entity Application (including any representation regarding the uses of equity capital
raised pursuant to the Franchise Entity Application) or Franchisee or any Owner fails in any undertaking
pursuant to the Franchise Entity Application. If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement, effective immediately upon notice to Franchisee and without opportunity to cure.
(28)
The insurance required herein is cancelled or is threatened to be
cancelled. Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default.
(29)
At the time measured by BKC, which measurement shall occur on a
quarterly basis as set forth in BKC’s then current BURGER KING® North America Financial Policy (the
“Financial Policy”), Franchisee fails to meet the minimum financial criteria set forth in the Financial Policy.
Franchisee shall have one hundred eighty (180) days after notice to cure the default.
(30)
Failure by Franchisee to comply with any of the requirements related to
the Managing Owner including any of the requirements set forth in Section 3.A., or failure by the Managing
Owner to comply with any of the requirements related to the Managing Owner including any of the
requirements set forth in Sections 3.A. and 5.K.
The failure of BKC to terminate this Agreement upon the occurrence of one or
more acts of default will not constitute a waiver or otherwise affect the right of BKC to terminate this
Agreement because of a continuing or subsequent failure to cure one or more of the aforesaid acts of
default or any other default.
B.

Effect of Termination

(1)
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee’s right to use
the BURGER KING Marks and the BURGER KING System shall terminate. Franchisee shall not thereafter
identify itself as a BURGER KING franchisee or publicly identify itself as a former BURGER KING
franchisee or use any of BKC's trade secrets, promotional materials, the BURGER KING Marks or any mark
confusingly similar, nor shall Franchisee disclose any of BKC's trade secrets. Upon termination or
expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee will immediately return to BKC the MOD Manual loaned to it,
together with all other material containing trade secrets.
(2)
Franchisee grants to BKC, upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, the option to purchase all usable paper goods, containers and printed menus bearing the
BURGER KING Marks at Franchisee’s cost, and to purchase the restaurant equipment, furniture, fixtures
and signs at fair market value.
(3)
If the parties do not enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement,
Franchisee agrees to immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, make such removals
or changes in signs and the building as BKC shall request, so as to effectively distinguish the building and
Premises from its former appearance and from any other BURGER KING Restaurant. In the event
Franchisee fails to make the changes, Franchisee consents to BKC entering the building and Premises to
make non-structural changes at Franchisee’s expense.
(4)
In the event of termination for any default of Franchisee, any damage
suffered by BKC shall be a lien in favor of BKC against the personal property, machinery, fixtures and
equipment owned by Franchisee on the Premises at the time of default.
(5)
The foregoing shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies of BKC
that exist under statute, regulation or common law.

Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
27

