page attached to this Agreement and incorporated by reference herein (the "Franchised
Restaurant') (the term "Franchised Restaurant” consists solely of the shaded portions of the
premises as set forth on Exhibit "A” (the “Premises”)). The term of this Agreement commences on
the Commencement Date set forth on the Key Contract Data page and shall expire on the
Expiration Date set forth on the Key Contract Data page (the "Term"), unless sooner terminated in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event of a dispute over the date that the
Franchised Restaurant opens for business, the records maintained by BKC shall control and be
dispositive. FRANCHISEE agrees to operate the Franchised Restaurant at the Premises for the
entire duration of the Term. FRANCHISEE accepts this franchise with the full and complete
understanding that the franchise grant contains no promise or assurance of renewal. The sole and
entire conditions under which FRANCHISEE will have the opportunity of obtaining a Successor
BURGER KING Franchise Agreement at expiration are those set forth herein in Section 17. This
franchise is for the specified location only and does not in any way grant or imply any area, market
or territorial rights proprietary to FRANCHISEE. Notwithstanding anything set forth above, if
Franchisee continues to operate the Franchised Restaurant after the end of the Term and does not
obtain a Successor BURGER KING Franchise Agreement in accordance with Section 17,
Franchisee shall be deemed to be operating such Franchised Restaurant on a month-to-month
basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and BKC may terminate this Agreement at
any time after the end of the Term upon thirty (30) days prior written notice.
3.
The following introductory sections are hereby added to Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement
(STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY OF OPERATION):
FRANCHISEE acknowledges that the signs, equipment installation and configuration,
menu, size and appearance of the Franchised Restaurant operated pursuant to this Agreement
may significantly differ from that of a Traditional Restaurant. Changes in the standards,
specifications and procedures applicable to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and related
Common Areas may become necessary and desirable from time to time, and FRANCHISEE agrees
to accept and comply with such modifications and revisions. The adoption of such standards shall
be solely at the discretion of BKC.
FRANCHISEE acknowledges that if the Premises includes a convenience store, the
convenience store will not sell those items listed on Exhibit "D" attached hereto.
Employees of FRANCHISEE (i) shall not wear BURGER KING restaurant uniforms when
working at any other business operated on the Premises, and (ii) shall not be assigned to work at
the Franchised Restaurant and at any other business operated on the Premises
contemporaneously during any shift of work hours.
4.
The following subsections of Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their
entirety and replaced by the following, and all of the other subsections shall remain unchanged:
B.

Franchised Restaurant

The Franchised Restaurant shall be constructed and improved in the manner authorized
and approved by BKC, and the appearance of the exterior of the Premises, the Franchised
Restaurant as set forth on Exhibit "A", the material features set forth on Exhibit "B" and the Common
Areas shall not thereafter be altered except as may be approved in writing by BKC.
If the Franchised Restaurant shares a common storage area with any other business
operated on the Premises, FRANCHISEE will maintain the common storage area in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the MOD Manual. If the Premises includes another restaurant
concept, but only one drive-thru window, the drive-thru window shall be located on the BURGER

Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit E1 (03/2026)
BK#__________
3

