A.
Franchisee has given BKC written notice (“Notice”) of its intention to exercise its
Option to Obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement during the fourth year prior to the expiration of the
Term of this Agreement.
B.
Franchisee, at the time of the Notice and at the time of the expiration of the Term
of this Agreement, is not in default of and has substantially complied with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and all other franchise agreements or other agreements with BKC that Franchisee, Managing
Owner or Owners may be a party to consistently and throughout its Term, including the following:
(1)
Franchisee has operated the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including operating the Franchised Restaurant in compliance
with the operating standards and specifications established from time to time by BKC as to quality of service,
cleanliness, health and sanitation;
(2)
Franchisee has satisfied, in a timely fashion, all financial obligations in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
(3)
Franchisee has maintained, improved, altered, replaced and remodeled
the Franchised Restaurant including the building, Premises, signs and equipment throughout the Term of
this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
(4)
Franchisee shall have completed, not more than three (3) years and not
less than three (3) months prior to the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, the improvements,
alterations, remodeling or rebuilding of the interior and exterior of the Franchised Restaurant so as to reflect
the then Current Image of BURGER KING Restaurants, pursuant to such plans and specifications as BKC
reasonably approves (“Successor Remodel”).
(5)

Execution by Franchisee of a general release of BKC in a form satisfactory

to BKC.
(6)
Franchisee meets all then current financial ratios BKC uses to evaluate
new franchisees for financial approval.
C.
Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after receipt of the Notice, BKC shall
advise Franchisee in writing if Franchisee is not eligible to obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement,
specifying the reasons for such ineligibility, and identifying whether such deficiencies are capable of cure.
Between the date of the Notice and the Expiration Date of the Term of this Agreement, if any act,
circumstance or omission causes Franchisee to become ineligible to obtain a Successor Franchise
Agreement then BKC shall advise Franchisee in writing thereof, specifying the deficiency and identifying a
cure period if applicable.
D.
Franchisee has the right to remain in possession of the Premises for the term of
the Successor Franchise Agreement;
E.
Franchisee shall execute the applicable form of the then current Successor
Franchise Agreement, which may differ from this Agreement as to royalty, advertising contributions and
ownership requirements, as well as other terms and conditions. Franchisee shall, upon execution of the
Successor Franchise Agreement, pay to BKC the then current initial franchise fee.

Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
23

