Purchase Price Deposit. As a prerequisite to participating in the Crown Your Career Program, you shall
pay to BKC a nonrefundable, non-reimbursable cash deposit of $7,500 (“Purchase Price Deposit”) within
five (5) days of the date of execution of this Term Sheet set forth below. The Purchase Price Deposit
shall be deemed fully earned and nonrefundable as of such date. If BKC offers you the opportunity to
become a franchisee and purchase one or more Burger King® restaurants and you accept the offer,
provided that you enter into an APA with BKC (or its affiliate), BKC (or such BKC affiliate) shall apply
the Purchase Price Deposit towards payment of the purchase price due under the APA for the purchase
of such restaurants. You will forfeit the Purchase Price if (a) you voluntarily leave the program prior to
completion or you do not successfully complete the Program, as determined by BKC in its sole discretion,
Purchase
Price
Deposit

(b) you do not enter into an APA with BKC (or its affiliate) and other definitive agreements, or (c) BKC
(or its affiliate) terminates the APA due to Buyer’s failure to perform any of its material obligations
under the APA, subject to the cure period set forth in the APA. However, the Purchase Price Deposit
shall be refunded by BKC (or its affiliate) to you if BKC enters into the APA and other definitive
agreements; and (y) you terminate the APA due to BKC’s (or its affiliate’s) failure to perform any of its
material obligations under the APA, subject to the cure period set forth in the APA, or (z) you fail to
satisfy any mutually agreed financing contingency that is contained in the APA to the closing of the
transaction. If you fail to pay the Purchase Price Deposit to BKC by the date it is due pursuant to this
Term Sheet, BKC may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Term Sheet immediately upon notice to you
(which notice may be via email) and/or disqualify you from the Crown Your Career Program. THE
PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS SECTION (PURCHASE PRICE DEPOSIT) SHALL
BE LEGALLY BINDING AND ENFORCEABLE, NOTWITHSTANDING THE NON-BINDING
NATURE OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS TERM SHEET.
This Term Sheet, including without limitation the terms and conditions contained herein constitutes

Confidentiality

confidential information of BKC and is subject to your confidentiality obligations under the nondisclosure agreement between you and BKC.

Applicable Law
Fees
and Costs

CYC Term Sheet
Exhibit Z1 (03/2026)

The Term Sheet is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
You shall be solely responsible for all fees, costs and expenses incurred by you in connection with the
Transaction and agree not to look to BKC or its affiliates for reimbursement of any such amounts, whether
or not the Transaction is consummated.

