4.2

Site Approval.

4.2.1 Developer must apply for and obtain written site approval from BKC (“Site Approval”) for
each Franchised Restaurant to be developed under this Agreement. Developer understands and
acknowledges that Site Approval must be obtained in addition to the permits required to construct, open
and operate the Franchised Restaurants. The Site Approval application shall contain detailed information
regarding the site and the market around the site, and Developer shall use the application format from time
to time adopted by BKC applicable to the U.S. Site Approval is a prerequisite to authorization to construct
a new Franchised Restaurant at a particular location. Developer acknowledges that Site Approval can be
granted only by means of a written approval duly executed by an authorized representative of BKC and no
other approval, whether oral or written, shall be effective or binding on BKC. Developer’s receipt of BKC’s
written notice of Site Approval only shall serve to constitute approval of a site. Site Approval does not assure
that a Franchise Agreement will be executed.
4.2.2 Developer agrees that BKC may, in its sole discretion, deny Site Approval for any site if, in
BKC’s sole discretion, the site does not meet BKC’s criteria for Site Approval. If Developer enters into any
legally binding commitment with respect to a potential site before BKC has granted Site Approval, then
Developer shall bear the entire risk of loss or damage resulting from a subsequent decision of BKC not to grant
Site Approval. Developer agrees to fully comply with BKC’s Procedures for Resolving Development
Disputes (“Jennifer”) (the “ADR Procedures”) provided to Developer via BKC’s intranet site (currently
known as BK Gateway), as modified by BKC from time to time. Developer agrees to participate and
cooperate in any mediation, arbitration or other legal action conducted pursuant to the ADR Procedures in
the event an objection is received by BKC from another franchisee in connection with the development of
a site. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if BKC believes in its sole and absolute discretion
that development of a Franchised Restaurant at the site proposed by Developer will have an adverse impact
upon sales to or at an existing BURGER KING® Restaurant operated by BKC or a franchisee, BKC may,
in its sole discretion, deny Site Approval. The denial of Site Approval by BKC shall not extend, modify or
reduce the development obligations of Developer under Article III.
4.2.3 Developer agrees that any site selection assistance, site identification, or offer to develop
a site by or on behalf of BKC shall not be construed or interpreted as a representation or warranty relating
directly or indirectly to the success or viability of a site or Franchised Restaurant and no reliance shall be
placed on any warranty, representation or advice that may be given by any Person by or on behalf of BKC
directly or indirectly relating to the success or viability of a site or Franchised Restaurant. Developer agrees
to conduct its own independent investigation and due diligence with respect to the viability and success of
a site or Franchised Restaurant and acknowledges that there are risks associated with the development of
a Franchised Restaurant at any site and that there are no guarantees that any site or Franchised Restaurant
will be successful or viable.
4.3

Site Acquisition, Construction Approval and Construction.
4.3.1 Developer assumes all cost, liability, expense and responsibility for procuring the location,
acquisition and development of sites and for construction of new Franchised Restaurants. If
Developer acquires a leasehold interest in the site, such lease shall be for a term extending at least
through the term of the Developer Franchise Agreement (as hereinafter defined) to be granted for
the location. Within ninety (90) days following BKC’s issuance of Site Approval, but in any event
prior to BKC’s issue of Construction Approval (as hereinafter defined), for an approved site,
Developer shall submit, in writing to BKC, satisfactory proof that Developer either: (i) owns the
approved site; (ii) has leased the approved site for a term which, with renewal options, is not less
than the initial term of the Developer Franchise Agreement for the proposed Franchised
Restaurant; or (iii) has entered into a written agreement to purchase or to lease the approved site
on terms provided herein, subject only to obtaining necessary governmental approvals.
The proof required by this Section 4.3.1 includes submission of executed copies of all leases and
deeds, as well as all governmental approvals if effectiveness of leases or deeds is conditioned
thereon. Failure to provide BKC with the proof required by this Section 4.3.1 within the time period
4

Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M (03/2026)

