§17.11 HEADINGS. The table of contents preceding this Lease and the headings of the paragraphs and
subparagraphs are inserted solely for the convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of this
Lease, nor limit, define or describe the scope or intent of this Lease.
§17.12 JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. If Lessee consists of more than one person, each individual’s
liability under this Lease shall be joint and several.
§17.13 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Lease constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter of this Lease, and this Lease shall not be modified, amended, altered or
changed except by prior written agreement signed by both parties. If any provision herein is invalid, it shall
be considered deleted from this Lease and shall not invalidate the remaining provisions. Nothing in this
Section, however, is intended to disclaim any representations Lessor made in the franchise disclosure
document that it furnished to Lessee.
§17.14 LEASE CONTINGENT ON FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. Lessee acknowledges and agrees that
the execution of the Franchise Agreement by both Lessor and Lessee shall constitute a condition precedent
to the effectiveness and validity of this Lease.
§17.15 DEFINITIONS.
(a)

The term “Lessor” as used in this Lease shall mean the owner in fee of the Premises for
the time being, or the owner of the leasehold estate created by an underlying lease, or the
mortgagee of the fee or of such underlying lease in possession for the time being, so that
in the event of any sale or sales of the Premises, or of the making of any such underlying
lease, or of any transfer or assignment or other conveyance of such underlying lease and
the leasehold estate created by it, the seller, lessor, transferor or assignor shall be and is
hereby entirely freed and relieved of all agreements, covenants and obligations of Lessor
herein and it shall be deemed and construed without further agreement between the parties
or their successors in interest or between the parties and the purchaser, lessee, transferee
or assignee on any such sale, leasing, transfer or assignment that such purchaser, lessee,
transferee or assignee has assumed and agreed to carry out any and all agreements,
covenants and obligations of Lessor under this Lease.

(b)

The term “Lessee” shall mean the lessee named in this Lease, and from and after any valid
assignment or sublease of Lessee’s interest in this Lease pursuant to its provisions, the
assignee or sublessee of this Lease.

(c)

The term “mortgage” shall mean any mortgage, security interest, charge, deed of trust, or
other similar encumbrance resulting from the financing or refinancing of the Premises.

(d)

The term “mortgagee” shall include any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, joint
venture, investment trust bank or institution, or other business group or association lending
funds to Lessor upon the security of the Premises demised by this Lease whether or not
such mortgage is recorded, or upon Lessor’s independent covenant not to otherwise
encumber this Lease or the Premises.

(e)

The term “fixture(s)” as used in this Lease means such items of personalty which have
been (i) installed by Lessor and/or (ii) so affixed to the Premises that removal would cause,
in Lessor’s sole opinion, material damage to the Premises. By way of example, and not
limitation, fixtures include the following: heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems,
water heaters or softeners, core-drilled tables and seating, walk-in boxes, walk-in freezers,
and toilet fixtures consisting of the lavatories and water closets.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
26

