AMENDMENT TO
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
(INDIVIDUAL/OWNER-OPERATOR)
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Burger King Restaurant #
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold
in the State of California:
1.
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000
through 20043) provides franchisees with additional rights concerning termination or non-renewal
of the Franchise Agreement and certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement relating to
termination and non-renewal may be superseded by the Act. There may also be court decisions
which may supersede the Franchise Agreement and Franchisee’s relationship with BKC,
including the areas of termination and renewal of Franchisee’s franchise. If the Franchise
Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the California law will control.
2.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Florida. This provision may
not be enforceable under California law.
3.
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.).
4.
The Franchise Agreement requires Franchisee to execute a general release of claims
upon renewal or transfer of the Franchise Agreement. California Corporations Code Section
31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring
any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder
is void. Section 31512 voids a waiver of Franchisee’s rights under the Franchise Investment Law
(California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of Franchisee’s rights under the
Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 - 20043)). To the
extent required by such laws, Franchisee shall not be required to execute a general release.
5.
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the
termination of the franchise. This waiver may not be enforceable under California law.
6.
The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of certain jury trial provisions. This waiver
may not be enforceable under California law.
7.
Section C of the Introduction of the Franchise Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following language:
C.
Franchisee desires to acquire a franchise to operate a BURGER
KING Restaurant at the Premises for the entire Term specified in this
Agreement.
8.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other

State of California Amendment
Exhibit P (03/2026)

