Developer Restaurant in each National/Divisional Survey in favor of any such advertising or marketing
initiative.
9.1.2
From time to time, BKC may request the support of Developer and other franchisees for
a local investment spending initiative proposed by BKC for a Designated Market Area (“DMA”) by
conducting a survey, currently referred to as the “Show of Support” survey (“Local Investment Survey”).
Each Developer Restaurant has one vote in each Local Investment Survey. For the term of each Developer
Franchise Agreement, Developer agrees to: (a) participate in each Local Investment Survey; and (b) prepledge and cast its vote relating to each Developer Restaurant in each Local Investment Survey in favor of
any local investment spending initiative proposed by BKC for the DMA provided such local investment
spending initiative calls for an investment of 0.75% contribution of Gross Sales or less, and Developer shall
execute the then current form of investment spending contract.
9.1.3 Provided that Developer is not in default under the terms of any “Fuel The Flame” CoInvestment Agreement entered into between Developer (or any Developer Affiliate) and BKC prior to the
date hereof (collectively, the “FTF Agreements”) and/or any other agreement between any Developer and
BKC, commencing on the Effective Date and ending upon the expiration of the term of the FTF Agreements
(the “SOS Suspension Period”), BKC agrees that obligations set forth in Section 9.1.1 and 9.1.2 above
shall be suspended with respect to each Show of Support Survey occurring during the SOS Suspension
Period. From and after the end of the SOS Suspension Period, Developer shall be obligated to comply
with the obligations set forth in Section 9.1.1 and 9.1.2 until the expiration or termination thereof pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement.
9.2
BURGER KINGSM Foundation. The Developer Restaurants shall participate in the fundraising and
charitable efforts of the BURGER KINGSM Foundation (the “Foundation”). Developer agrees to purchase
at least one (1) ONE THOUSAND DOLLAR ($1,000.00) scholarship for each Developer Restaurant during
each year of the term of the relevant Developer Franchise Agreement at the time specified by the
Foundation.
ARTICLE X: INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE
10.1
Indemnification. Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to
third parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and representations
of Developer under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury,
illness or death of Persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer agrees to defend, indemnify
and save BKC and BKC's officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, accountants, and Affiliates
harmless of, from and with respect to any such claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses,
liabilities, debts or damages (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees). BKC shall notify
Developer of any such claims, and Developer shall be given the opportunity to assume the defense of the
matter. If Developer fails to assume the defense, BKC may defend the action in the manner it deems
appropriate, and Developer shall pay to BKC all costs, including attorney fees, incurred by BKC in effecting
such defense. BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that
joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law.
10.2
Insurance. Developer shall procure the insurance coverage provided for in BKC’s standard form
of Franchise Agreement as disclosed in BKC’s then-current Franchise Disclosure Document, prior to the
commencement of construction of a Franchised Restaurant, and shall maintain such insurance coverage
throughout the term of the Agreement.
ARTICLE XI: GUARANTEE OF PRINCIPALS
11.1
Each of the Principals guarantees (a) the prompt payment of all sums due from Developer under
this Agreement and from Developer under all Developer Franchise Agreements granted pursuant to this
Agreement, (b) the compliance by Developer with all the obligations contained in this Agreement and all
Developer Franchise Agreements granted pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, together with all costs
incurred by BKC of collection, compromise or enforcement, including reasonable attorneys’ fees ((a) and
15
Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M (03/2026)

