respect to the subject matter hereof by either party hereto or by any agent or representative of either party
hereto which is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding between the parties.
(b)
Effect of Headings. The headings and subheading of the sections of this Agreement are
inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of
any of the agreements, terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement in any manner.
(c)
Construction. This Agreement has been fully reviewed and negotiated by the parties hereto
and their respective legal counsel. Accordingly, in interpreting this Agreement, no weight shall be placed
upon which party hereto or its counsel drafted the provision being interpreted. Words of any gender used
in this Agreement shall include any other gender, and words in the singular shall include the plural, where
the context requires.
(d)
Other. The provisions of the Franchise Agreements relating to and entitled Confidentiality,
Independent Contractor, Non-Waiver, Governing Law, Forum and Compliance, Severability, Notices,
Modification, Binding Effect, Attorney’s Fees and Assignment shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to this
Agreement, as if such provisions were fully set forth herein.
(e)
Counterparts. To facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts as may be convenient or necessary, and it shall not be necessary that the signatures of all
parties hereto be contained on any one counterpart hereof. Additionally, the parties hereto hereby covenant
and agree that, for purposes of facilitating the execution of this Agreement, (a) the signature pages taken
from separate individually executed counterparts of this Agreement may be combined to form multiple
fully executed counterparts and (b) a facsimile or PDF or electronic form of signature shall be deemed to
be an original signature. All executed counterparts of this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, but
all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
(f)
Survival. Any provisions of this Agreement which imposes an obligation after termination
or expiration of this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and be binding
on the parties.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

6
BKC “Fuel the Flame” Co-Investment Agreement (2026)
Exhibit Y1 (3/2026)

