the remainder of the term for each of these Restaurants, effective immediately upon the second opening
failure.
If you are receiving benefits under another program, you will not be eligible for this program.
Copies of the addenda to the MTRA and the Franchise Agreement you will sign for this program are
attached at Exhibits K1 and K2.
Existing Restaurant and Remodel Programs
Carrols Refranchise Program.
We or our affiliate may offer you the opportunity to purchase the assets of one or more BURGER
KING Restaurant(s) at a purchase price determined at the time of the offer, which will vary based on the
location, condition and quantity of the assets included, our capital expenditures for that BURGER KING
Restaurant(s), and number of BURGER KING Restaurants included in the sale, among other factors. In
addition to the purchase price, you will pay upon closing for certain fees and costs, including a technology
installation fee (up to $5,000 per BURGER KING Restaurant), purchased inventory costs, and a restaurant
bank amount. The purchase price and all other fees and costs are due upon the closing of the purchase and
are nonrefundable. You will also be responsible for other initial fees as disclosed in this Item 5 for each
BURGER KING Restaurant you purchase.
In order to be considered for the opportunity to purchase the assets of one or more BURGER KING
Restaurant(s) operated by us or our affiliate, Carrols, you will sign the current form Term Sheet (Exhibit
F1). When you sign the Term Sheet, you will pay a deposit equal to 5% of the total purchase price for the
Restaurants (the “Purchase Price Deposit”). The Purchase Price Deposit is refundable at any time within
the 30 days following its effective date if you provide written notice of termination of the Term Sheet to
us. After the 30-day period, the Purchase Price Deposit will be either (1) applied to the purchase price if
you enter into an Asset Purchase Agreement (“APA”) (Exhibit F2) with either us or Carrols, as applicable
for the BURGER KING Restaurant(s) being purchased, and close on the transaction; or (2) forfeited by you
if you do not enter into the APA or commit a breach of the APA; or (3) refunded to you if we or our affiliate
breaches the APA or a mutually agreed financing contingency to the closing of the transaction is not
satisfied. If the transaction closes, you will sign the current form of Franchise Agreement along with the
current form of Carrols Refranchise Addendum (Exhibit F3) and any other documents we require for each
BURGER KING Restaurant. If you are a participant in the Crown Your Career Program, the amount and
timing of the payment of the Purchase Price Deposit, as well as the conditions for forfeiting or receiving a
refund of the deposit differ, as discussed in the next section.
Crown Your Career Program.
Before entering into the Crown Your Career Program (“CYC Program”), you will sign the current
form Term Sheet (Exhibit Z1). Within 5 days of signing the Term Sheet, you will pay a deposit to us in
the amount of $7,500 toward the total purchase price. If we offer you, and you accept, the opportunity to
franchise one or more BURGER KING Restaurant(s), the deposit will be applied to the purchase price if
you enter into the APA with either us (or our affiliate) for the BURGER KING Restaurant(s) being
purchased through the Carrols Refranchise Program (as described above), and you close on the transaction.
You will forfeit the deposit if you: (1) do not successfully complete the employee phase of the CYC
Program or voluntarily exit the CYC Program; or (2) do not enter into the APA or we terminate the APA
based on your breach of the APA. The deposit will be refunded to you if we or our affiliate enter into the
APA and you terminate the APA based on our breach of the APA, or a mutually agreed financing
contingency to the closing of the transaction is not satisfied.

Item 5
03/2026

Page 21

