alleged oral supply agreement. Relief sought includes: (1) $35 million in damages for breach of contract
and various other claims; (2) $1 million in aggravated and punitive damages; (3) an injunction preventing
PLK, RBI and others from distributing chicken from suppliers who do not meet applicable Canadian health
and food safety standards; (4) and defamation related damages, including injunctive relief, and (5) costs of
the action. On November 19, 2025, ADP amended the statement of claim to add Robert Manuel, Amjad
Farooq, Intiaz Mohammad Alli, 2769181 Ontario Inc., 6485405 Canada Inc., NIDA Foods International
Inc., RIDA Foods International Inc., Shaby International Inc., Urooj Restaurant Ltd., and Y & F Food Corp.
as defendants to the proceeding. On December 19, 2025, PLK and RBI served a notice of motion to strike
all elements of the claim and dismiss the case. The motion to strike hearing has been scheduled for
September 24-25, 2026. We are not a party to this litigation.
Payal Keswani and Kendra Sivertson v. PH Canada Company, Pizza Hut International, LLC,
Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza of Canada Ltd., Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc., Little Caesar of
Canada ULC, Papa John’s International, Inc., PIZZAPIZZA Limited, Fresh Slice Holdings Ltd., Popeyes
Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., Restaurant Brands International, Inc., and Vancouver Fried Chicken Corp. dba
BB.Q Chicken Canada, (Case No. VLC-S-S-254553), Supreme Court of British Columbia, filed on June
18, 2025.
On June 18, 2025, a proposed class action was filed in the Supreme Court of British Columbia
against PLK, RBI, and 10 other fast-food companies and their affiliates. The claim, brought under the Class
Proceedings Act, alleges that the defendants used unlawful “drip pricing” tactics on their proprietary digital
platforms. The lawsuit targets PLK’s online and mobile ordering system, which is alleged to display food
prices without disclosing mandatory delivery fees until the final stages of checkout. The plaintiffs argue
this renders the initially advertised prices unattainable and constitutes a breach of the Competition Act
(Canada) as well as various provincial consumer protection laws. The claim also alleges all defendants
engaged in a substantially similar pattern of misrepresentation. The action seeks damages, restitution,
disgorgement of delivery and service fees, declaratory relief, and an injunction barring the defendants from
continuing such pricing practices. The proposed class includes all Canadian consumers who paid these fees
since June 18, 2023. We are not a party to this litigation.
Liel Ohayon v. Starbucks Coffee Canada, Inc., Starbucks Corporation, Foodtastic Inc., (a.d.b.a.
Second Cup), The TDL Group Corp., Restaurant Brands International Inc., and Restaurant Brands
International Limited Partnership, (Case No. 500-06-001351-242) Superior Court of Quebec, filed on
December 30, 2024.
An application for authorization to institute a class action was filed on December 30, 2024 in the
Superior Court of Quebec based on allegations of price-gouging for non-dairy milk substitutes in beverages
by RBILP, RBI, TDL, and other food or beverage companies. The case alleges that these companies charged
excessive fees ($0.50-$0.80 per drink) for non-dairy milk substitutes like almond, soy, and oat milk, despite
these substitutes costing the same or less than regular milk at the wholesale level. The surcharges are
claimed to be disproportionate, exploitative, and unconscionable under Quebec’s Consumer Protection Act
(CPA) and Civil Code of Quebec (CCQ). The document seeks compensation for these surcharges, punitive
damages, and a declaratory judgment that these practices are abusive and illegal. Liel Ohayon, a vegan
consumer, claims personal damages and stands as the proposed representative for the class, citing regular
purchases from Second Cup and Starbucks with non-dairy surcharges. The alleged violations include:
breaches of the CPA (exploitation and reduction of obligations) and the CCQ. The class seeks

Item 3
03/2026

Page 15

