(iv) any claims or threatened claims that any Menu Data or any
other data, information, or other content or materials
provided to Provider by or on behalf of Franchisee or any
of its Affiliates under this Agreement is inaccurate, false,
misleading, fraudulent, disparaging, or otherwise infringes
or misappropriates the rights (including the IP Rights) of a
third party, or is in any way in violation of any applicable
laws, rules, or regulations (except to the extent any such
claim arises from instruction or requirements issued by
Provider to Franchisee in writing); and

and (iii) for any individual Restaurant, this Agreement and all
applicable Order Form(s) shall terminate with respect to such
Restaurant automatically and without notice or further action
by Provider upon the termination, expiration, or non-renewal
of the Franchising Contract relating to such Restaurant.
11.4. Termination of Individual Order Forms. In addition to
each Party’s rights under Sections 11.2 and 11.3, each Party
may terminate any particular Order Form according to any
provision therein permitting such termination, provided that
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in
accordance with its terms with respect to each nonterminated Order Form (if any).

(v) any claims or threatened claims that are or may be brought
by any third party, which are based in whole, or in part,
upon an assertion that this Agreement infringes upon, or
interferes with, the contractual relationship or other rights
between such third party and Franchisee or any of its
Affiliates.

11.5. Accrued Obligations. Termination of this Agreement
and/or any particular Order Form shall not release either Party
from any liability which, at the time of termination, has already
accrued or which thereafter may accrue with respect to any
act or omission before termination, or from any obligation
which is expressly stated in this Agreement and/or any
applicable
Order
Form
to
survive
termination.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party terminating this
Agreement or any Order Form as permitted by any provision
in this Section 11 shall incur no additional liability under this
Agreement merely by virtue of such termination except where
specifically provided for in the relevant Order Form.

The process for defense of claims, if any, set forth in the
Franchise Contracts shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to
Franchisee’s indemnification obligations set forth in this
Section 10.2, as if such process were fully set forth herein.
11. TERM AND TERMINATION
11.1. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall become
effective upon the Effective Date and shall remain in full force
and effect until terminated in accordance with its terms.

11.6. Cumulative Remedies. Termination of this Agreement
and/or any applicable Order Form, regardless of cause or
nature, shall be without prejudice to any other rights or
remedies of the Parties and shall be without liability for any
loss or damage occasioned thereby. Without limiting any of
its other rights or remedies under this Agreement, Provider
reserves the right to suspend Franchisee’s access to the Cloud
Services if Franchisee fails at any time to pay any amounts due
to Provider in accordance with this Agreement and any Order
Form. Suspension of Franchisee’s access to the Cloud Services
shall not release Franchisee of any of its duties, liabilities, or
obligations (including Franchisee's payment obligations)
under this Agreement. Franchisee agrees that Provider shall
not be liable to Franchisee or to any third party for any duties,
liabilities, or obligations arising from or relating to any
suspension of the Cloud Services resulting from Franchisee's
failure to pay as described above.

11.2. Termination or Expiration of All Order Forms. This
Agreement shall be deemed automatically terminated,
without any further notice or action by any Party, upon
expiration or termination of all Order Forms that reference this
Agreement.
11.3. Termination for Breach. Either Party may terminate this
Agreement and each applicable Order Form in the event of a
material breach by the other Party. Such termination may be
effected only through a written notice to the breaching Party,
specifically identifying the breach or breaches on which such
notice of termination is based. The breaching Party will have
a right to cure such breach or breaches (i) in the case of a
failure to pay an amount owed under this Agreement or any
Order Form, within ten (10) calendar days of receipt of such
notice, or (ii) in the case of any other breach, within thirty (30)
calendar days of receipt of such notice. The non-breaching
Party may terminate this Agreement and each applicable
Order Form, as applicable, in the event that such cure is not
made within such ten (10) day period or such thirty (30) day
period (as applicable).

11.7. Effect of Termination. Upon any termination of this
Agreement and each applicable Order Form, Franchisee (i)
shall immediately discontinue all use of the Cloud Services; (ii)
shall delete the Confidential Information from its computer
storage or any other media, including online and off-line
libraries; (iii) shall return to Provider or, at Provider’s option,
destroy, all physical copies of the Confidential Information
then in its possession; and (iv) shall promptly pay all amounts
due and remaining payable hereunder through the effective
date of termination. In the event of any termination of any
Order Form, Franchisee shall continue to be responsible for
payment of any amounts due as set forth in this Agreement
and in any applicable Order Form that have not been
terminated and shall comply with the foregoing provisions of
this Section 11.7 with respect to Cloud Services for the
Restaurant(s) represented by such terminated Order Form.

Without
limiting
the
foregoing,
and
notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Order
Form to the contrary, (i) Provider may terminate this
Agreement and each Order Form upon written notice in the
event that Franchisee or any Restaurant becomes insolvent or
enters bankruptcy prior to payment of all amounts due under
this Agreement or the applicable Order Form, (ii) effective
upon written notice to Franchisee, Provider may terminate this
Agreement and each Order Form with respect to an individual
Restaurant upon the occurrence of a “Default”, “Event of
Default”, or substantially similar term as used or defined in any
Franchise Contract with respect to such individual Restaurant,
BKC FDD 03/2026
Exhibit V

11

