If we offer you the opportunity to franchise one or more BURGER KING Restaurant(s), it will be
through the Carrols Refranchise Program discussed above. If you accept the offer, you will sign the current
form of Franchise Agreement along with substantially the same forms of the Term Sheet, APA, and Carrols
Refranchise Addendum included at Exhibits F1 – F3. You will also sign the form of CYC Program
agreements, examples of which are included at Exhibits Z1 – Z5 of this disclosure document. We or our
affiliate will sell to you the assets of the BURGER KING Restaurant(s) at a purchase price determined at
the time of the offer, which will vary based on the location, condition and quantity of the assets included,
our capital expenditures for that BURGER KING Restaurant(s), number of BURGER KING Restaurants
included in the sale, and other factors. The purchase price is due upon the closing of the purchase and is
nonrefundable. You will also be responsible for other initial fees as disclosed in this Item 5.
Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program.
If we have accepted you into the Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program, you will commit to
complete a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel for certain Restaurants by remodel deadlines we set. If you qualify
for this program, you must sign our Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement (Exhibit X1) and any
other documents we require. If you successfully complete a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel by the required
deadline and sign a successor Franchise Agreement for the remodeled Restaurant (which will require you
to purchase additional term year(s)), the successor franchise fee for that Restaurant will equal $2,500 per
year for each additional year purchased (rounded up to the whole year). Under the Reclaim the Flame 2
Remodel Program, you must purchase a number of additional term years for a remodeled Restaurant such
that the total number of years (inclusive of the original term remaining on your Franchise Agreement and
the additional years purchased in the successor franchise agreement) are equal to 20 years from the
applicable remodel deadline or, in the case of a Restaurant at which you lease the premises from BKC only,
the lesser number of years that BKC owns, leases, or controls the premises where the Restaurant is located.
The various agreements under the program that you must sign are included at Exhibits X1 – X3.
Prior Incentive Programs
In the past, we have offered various programs under which various fees were reduced. Although
we no longer offer these programs, because Franchisees in these programs must sign various agreements
under the program, we have included those documents at Exhibits L1 – L2, N1 – N2, S, and T.
Other Initial Fees
Franchise Fee Deposit.
You must sign a TRA (Exhibit C1) or an MTRA (Exhibit C2) if you wish to specify “Target
Area(s)” (as defined in the TRA or MTRA) to search for potential sites to develop one or more Restaurants.
When you sign the TRA, you pay a deposit of $5,000 (“TRA Deposit”) for the Restaurant opening
committed. When you sign the MTRA, you pay a deposit of $10,000 (“MTRA Deposit”) multiplied by the
number of Restaurant openings committed. These amounts may be different if you are signing an MTRA
or TRA under one of the programs described above. You may want to pursue more targets than the number
of Restaurant openings committed to in the TRA or MTRA. We may grant you approval to pursue
additional Target Areas without requiring an additional deposit. The MTRA will typically grant you more
Target Areas than Restaurant openings that you commit to. We will credit the TRA Deposit or MTRA
Deposit against the initial franchise fee upon opening of the Restaurant, assuming the franchise fee is greater
than the TRA Deposit or MTRA Deposit. We may waive the deposit for Institutional Target Areas and in
limited special situations. Under the MTRA and TRA the deposit will be non-refundable, unless you decide
not to exercise your option to develop a Restaurant in the Target Area that we have proposed to you for
development either for ourselves or for a third party. In this case, we can terminate the TRA or MTRA, as
Item 5
03/2026

Page 22

