and products and combination of products sold, otherwise known as product mix data or “PMIX”, and
inventory data.
(3)
Franchisee must also, at its sole cost and expense: (a) maintain, use
and/or operate centralized or technology based methods of taking, processing, routing, and delivering
orders or receiving payment for such orders that may be mandated by BKC at any time during the Term in
addition to the methods and technology BKC currently uses or authorizes (individually an “Additional
Ordering System” and collectively “Additional Ordering Systems”); and (b) add or replace equipment, wiring,
hardware and software in connection with the Additional Ordering Systems. To the extent any products and
services related to an Additional Ordering System are owned by BKC or provided to Franchisee by BKC,
BKC may charge up front and/or ongoing fees. BKC shall be the sole owner of all direct and related rights
and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all data generated by the Additional
Ordering Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment Franchisee purchases directly for the purpose of
gaining access to the Additional Ordering System. If BKC requires Franchisee to use an Additional Ordering
System, then Franchisee shall comply with BKC’s requirements for connecting to and utilizing such
technology in connection with Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee will install
and implement any Additional Ordering System required by BKC within the reasonable time specified by
BKC.
(4)
Franchisee must also, at its sole cost and expense: (a) maintain, use
and/or operate technology for the purpose of communicating with customers of BURGER KING
Restaurants and the collection, processing, storage and use of BURGER KING Restaurant customer data
that may be mandated by BKC at any time during the Term in addition to the methods and technology BKC
currently uses or authorizes (individually an “Additional Digital System” and collectively, the “Additional
Digital Systems”); and (b) add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and software in connection with the
Additional Digital Systems. To the extent any products and services related to an Additional Digital System
are owned by BKC or provided to Franchisee by BKC, BKC may charge up front and/or ongoing fees. BKC
shall be the sole owner of all direct and related rights and assets, including software and hardware,
intellectual property and all data generated by the Additional Digital Systems, but excluding hardware or
equipment Franchisee purchases directly for the purpose of gaining access to an Additional Digital System.
BKC may use the data generated by the Additional Digital Systems (1) to analyze customer trends, (2) to
market BKC-developed goods and products to all customers or specific customer(s), (3) to reward loyal or
repeat customers, (4) to provide the data to third parties, and (5) for such other purposes as BKC deems
appropriate in its sole discretion. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that all net profits received by BKC
from providing the data generated by the Additional Digital Systems to third parties shall be the sole property
of BKC. If BKC requires Franchisee to use an Additional Digital System, then Franchisee shall comply with
BKC’s requirements for connecting to and utilizing such technology in connection with Franchisee’s
operation of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee will install and implement any Additional Digital System
required by BKC within the reasonable time specified by BKC.
E.

Vending Machines, Etc.

Public telephones, newspaper racks, juke boxes, cigarette, gum and candy
machines, rides, lottery ticket terminals, video games or any other games, or vending or amusement
machines will not be installed at the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written approval of BKC. In
the event such items are installed at the Franchised Restaurant, then all sums received by Franchisee in
connection with these items shall be included within “Gross Sales” as defined herein.
F.

Menu and Service

(1)
All menu items, including promotional and premium products which BKC
may deem appropriate to take full advantage of the potential market and achieve standardization in the
BURGER KING System will be served, and no items which are not set forth in the MOD Manual or otherwise
authorized and approved by BKC in writing will be served. Franchisee shall only sell the approved menu
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
6

