Table of Contents
Note 14. Equity
Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, RBI, as the holder of Class A common units, is entitled to distributions from
Partnership in an amount equal to the aggregate dividends payable by RBI to holders of RBI common shares, and the holders of
Partnership exchangeable units are entitled to receive distributions from Partnership in an amount per unit equal to the dividend
payable by RBI on each RBI common share. Additionally, if RBI proposes to redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any RBI
common shares, the partnership agreement requires that Partnership, immediately prior to such redemption, repurchase or acquisition,
make a distribution to RBI on the Class A common units in an amount sufficient for RBI to fund such redemption, repurchase or
acquisition, as the case may be. Each holder of a Partnership exchangeable unit is entitled to vote in respect of matters on which
holders of RBI common shares are entitled to vote through one special voting share of RBI. A holder of a Partnership exchangeable
unit may require Partnership to exchange all or any portion of such holder’s Partnership exchangeable units for RBI common shares at
a ratio of one common share for each Partnership exchangeable unit, subject to RBI’s right as the general partner of Partnership, in its
sole discretion, to deliver a cash payment in lieu of RBI common shares. If RBI elects to make a cash payment in lieu of issuing
common shares, the amount of the payment will be the weighted average trading price of the RBI common shares on the New York
Stock Exchange for the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the last business day prior to the exchange date.
Pursuant to exchange notices received, Partnership exchanged 17,682,032, 6,559,187 and 9,398,876 Partnership exchangeable
units in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the
exchange notices by exchanging these Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of newly issued RBI common shares and
each such Partnership exchangeable unit was cancelled concurrently with the exchange. Partnership exchangeable units exchanged for
RBI common shares subsequent to December 31, 2023 also result in the issuance of additional Partnership Class A common units to
RBI in an amount equal to the number of RBI common shares exchanged. The exchanges of Partnership exchangeable units were
recorded as increases to the Class A common units balance within partner’s capital in our consolidated balance sheets in an amount
equal to the market value of the newly issued RBI common shares and a reduction to the Partnership exchangeable units balance
within partner’s capital of our consolidated balance sheets in an amount equal to the cash paid by Partnership and the market value of
the newly issued RBI common shares.
RBI Share Repurchases
On August 6, 2025, the RBI board of directors approved a share repurchase program that allows RBI to purchase up to $1,000
million of RBI common shares from September 15, 2025 until September 30, 2027. This share repurchase authorization replaced the
prior two-year authorization to repurchase up to $1,000 million of RBI common shares until September 30, 2025, which had an
authorization of $500 million remaining at the time of its replacement. During 2025 and 2024, RBI did not repurchase any RBI
common shares. During 2023, RBI repurchased and cancelled 7,639,137 RBI common shares for $500 million. Pursuant to the terms
of the partnership agreement, Partnership made a distribution to RBI on the Class A common units in an amount sufficient for RBI to
fund such share repurchases.

37

