(ii)
The Additional Holder is approved as a BURGER KING Franchisee in
accordance with then current BKC standards for approving new franchisees.
(iii)
The Additional Holder agrees, in writing, to assume liability and to perform
all the terms and conditions of the Agreement to the same extent as the Original Franchisee.
In no event shall there be more than five (5) Additional Holders nor at any time shall the combined total of
Original Franchisees and Additional Holders exceed ten (10). If a holder of shares of Voting Common Stock
is not a natural person approved as a franchisee by Burger King Company LLC, the shares of Voting
Common Stock shall be deemed to be shares of Non-Voting Stock until they are repurchased pursuant to
Section 3.
(b)
The holders of shares of Voting Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, out of the funds
of the Corporation legally available for such purpose, dividends as and when declared by the Board of
Directors.
(c)
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or distribution of the assets of the Corporation
the holders of shares of the Voting Common Stock together with holders of the Non-Voting Common Stock
(whose rights are limited as set forth in Section 2(d)) shall be entitled to share ratably in the distribution of
all remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution.
2.

Non-Voting Common Stock

(a)
Non-Voting Common Stock shall only be issued to and held by either (1) a member of the
immediate family (which consists of the spouse and children) of the holder of shares of Voting Common
Stock, or (2) a “key employee” of the Corporation.
(b)
The aggregate number of outstanding shares of Non-Voting Common Stock shall not
exceed 25% of the sum of (a) the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Voting Common Stock and
(b) the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Non-Voting Common Stock.
(c)
Except as specifically required by applicable law, holders of Non-Voting Common Stock
shall not have the right to vote. If the holders of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock have the right to vote
on an action under applicable law, they shall vote as a single class with the holders of shares of Voting
Common Stock.
(d)
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or distribution of the assets of the Corporation
the holders of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock together with the holders of the shares of Voting
Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably in the distribution of all remaining assets of the Corporation
available for distribution, except that no holder of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock may receive, in its
capacity as a holder of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, any interest in the BURGER KING Franchise
other than an interest in the proceeds of any disposition thereof.
(e)
Except as set forth in Section 2(c) and 2(d), the holders of shares of Non-Voting Common
Stock shall have all the rights and privileges of holders of shares of Voting Common Stock.
3.

Repurchase

To the extent permitted by law, the Corporation shall repurchase shares of Non-Voting Common
Stock at such time as the holder thereof ceases to be a key employee of the Corporation or a member of
the immediate family of a holder of Voting Common Stock and shall repurchase shares of Voting Common
Stock at such time as the holder thereof ceases to be a person meeting the requirements hereunder of a
holder of shares of Voting Common Stock, for an amount per share (corporation will insert an applicable

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
41

