unemployment, real estate, personal property and similar taxes (other than CARROLS’ income
taxes), and the penalties and interest, if any,which accrue on or after the Closing Date arising out
of this transaction or the operation of the CARROLS Restaurants or use of the Purchased Assets.
If BUYER receives any notice of taxes or liens relating to the Purchased Assets which are
attributable to CARROLS’ ownership of the Purchased Assets prior to the Closing Date, BUYER
agrees to promptly provide any such notice and materials to CARROLS. This provision shall
survive the Closing.
10.

EMPLOYMENT MATTERS

10.1 Restaurant Employees. CARROLS acknowledges that all individuals employed at
the CARROLS Restaurants prior to Takeover are the employees of CARROLS, and from and
after Takeover such individuals shall no longer be employees of CARROLS. CARROLS shall be
solely liable and responsible for all accrued salary, vacation, severance, and other compensation
payable to such employees, as applicable, up to the date of Takeover. CARROLS makes no
warranty, express or implied, with respect to the qualifications or character of any such individual
employed at any CARROLS Restaurant.
10.2 Post-Closing Employment of Employees. From and after Takeover, BUYER shall
be fully responsible for any labor performed by, and compensation of, individuals at or from the
CARROLS Restaurants, including the former employees of CARROLS. BUYER shall tender
employment (at will or otherwise) to each individual employed in a non-exempt status at the
CARROLS Restaurants at the date of Takeover, with such employment to commence on the date
of Takeover, on terms mutually satisfactory to BUYER and the respective employee; provided,
however, that if BUYER in its reasonable discretion determines that one or more of such
individuals is not qualified for hire by BUYER, BUYER shall in no way be obligated to tender
employment to the same, and BUYER shall immediately (and in any event prior to the Closing)
inform CARROLS of the name of each such individual and the basis for BUYER's determination.
BUYER shall not terminate, except for cause, the employment of any individual employed by
BUYER or its Affiliates as of the date of Takeover if such termination could result in WARN Act
liability to CARROLS, and BUYER shall be fully liable (and shall promptly indemnify CARROLS
and its Affiliates) for any Claims, losses, damages, expenses and liabilities resulting from any
action taken (or not taken) by BUYER or its Affiliates from and after the date of Takeover with
respect to any such individuals, including under the WARN Act and similar state and local Laws.
This provision shall survive the Closing.
11.

WAIVER OF BULK SALES COMPLIANCE

BUYER and CARROLS agree to waive compliance with any applicable bulk sales law
provision or similar Law.
12.

DATA ROOM; BUYER’S INSPECTION; DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

12.1 Data Room. BUYER acknowledges that it has relied only on the Transaction Due
Diligence delivered to BUYER by CARROLS through the Data Room and not any documents
delivered by CARROLS or obtained by BUYER through any other method. Nothing in this Section
12.1, however, is intended to disclaim any representations BKC made in the Franchise Disclosure
Document that it furnished to BUYER.
12.2 BUYER’s Inspection. BUYER has made a complete inspection of the Purchased
Assets and the Premises and agrees that it shall acquire the Purchased Assets and the Premises
Asset Purchase Agreement (Carrols Refranchise)
Exhibit F2 (03/2026)

8

