AMENDMENT TO
TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF HAWAII
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Target Reservation Agreement,
the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and
sold in the State of Hawaii:
1.
BKC shall comply with the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, Hawaii Rev. Stat. §§ 482E,
et seq., which currently requires BKC compensate Developer upon termination or refusal to renew
the franchise for the fair market value, at the time of the termination or expiration of the franchise,
of any inventory, supplies, equipment and furnishings which were purchased from BKC or a
supplier designated by BKC. Personalized materials which have no value to BKC need not be
compensated for. If BKC refuses to renew a franchise for the purpose of converting Developer’s
business to one owned and operated by BKC, BKC, in addition, must compensate Developer for
the loss of goodwill. BKC may deduct reasonable costs incurred in removing, transporting, and
disposing of Developer’s inventory, supplies, equipment, and furnishings pursuant to these
requirements, and may offset any moneys due BKC.
2.
BKC may not require Developer at the time of entering into a franchise to assent to a
release, assignment, novation, or waiver which would relieve any person from liability imposed
by Hawaii Revised Statutes, Title 26, Chapter 482E. Any condition, stipulation or provision binding
any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of Hawaii Revised
Statutes, Title 26, Chapter 482E or a rule promulgated hereunder shall be void. This paragraph
shall not bar or affect the settlement of disputes, claims or civil suits arising or brought under
Hawaii Revised Statutes, Title 26, Chapter 482E.
3.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of BKC. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.
4.
Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent with respect to such
provision that the jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are met
independently without reference to this Amendment.
[Signature Page Follows]

State of Hawaii Addendum
Exhibit P (03/2026)

