ITEM 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
We do not own any patents, copyrights or related applications that are material to the franchise.
However, we do have common law copyright and proprietary rights in the MOD Manual and certain other
manuals and materials made available to you. These manuals and other materials contain proprietary
information and trade secrets and are loaned to you only for use in the operation of your Restaurant.
The Franchise Agreement grants you the right to use the manuals and other materials for the term
of the franchise and obligates you to operate the Restaurant in accordance with the format and operating
system set forth in the manuals. You may not print a copy of the manuals without our approval. The
manuals and these other materials contain our detailed standards, specifications, procedures and techniques
for operating your Restaurant. The manuals and all other materials and information provided or disclosed
to you regarding the System are disclosed in confidence. You may not, during or after the term of the
Franchise Agreement, communicate, divulge or use for the benefit of any other party any confidential
information, knowledge or know-how concerning the construction and methods of operation of the
Restaurant. You may not use any trade secret information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented
human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement,
or similar data aggregation activities without our prior approval. You must not, without our prior written
consent, input any trade secret information into any generative AI platform, or disclose any information to
any provider or source of generative AI services. You must opt out of allowing any provider or source of
generative AI to utilize trade secret information for training of any AI model or for other purposes. You
may divulge confidential information only to those of your employees who need access to it to operate your
Restaurant. Any information, knowledge or know-how (such as drawings, materials, equipment, recipes
and other data) that we designate as confidential will be confidential for purposes of the Franchise
Agreement. You must comply with all changes or additions made by us to the manuals.
There are currently no effective determinations of the USPTO, or any court, or any pending
infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings, or any material litigation involving any of our
manuals and other materials which is relevant to their use in the state in which your business will be located.
There are no currently effective agreements that significantly limit our rights to license the use of its
manuals or materials that is in any way material to your business. There are no infringing uses known to
us that could materially affect your use of these items in any state.
We have the right, but not the obligation, under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, to protect
your right to use our manuals and other materials. Similarly, we have the right, but not the obligation, to
protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition arising out of your use of these items. You
agree to cooperate in the prosecution of any action to prevent the infringement, imitation, illegal use or
misuse of our manuals and other materials. You also agree to be named as a party in any action if requested
by us. While we are not required to defend you from a claim against your use of these items, we will pay
the costs of such defense (provided we are made aware of the claim on a timely basis and provided you
take any action we may require regarding your use of these items), except those you independently elect to
incur through counsel of your own choosing. We will control the defense.
Upon termination or expiration of your Franchise Agreement, you must immediately return to us
all copies of your manuals and all other materials containing trade secrets, whether in print or electronic
form.
4930-7779-1276, v. 1

Item 14
03/2026

Page 70

