For each “Excess Restaurant” (as defined in the Development Agreement) opened under the
Development Agreement, you must sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement, and the
reduction from the then applicable Base Fee amount of royalty rate for that Excess Restaurant will
be as follows depending on the FSS Development Grade we assign for that Excess Restaurant:
FSS
Development
Grade

Reduction from then current Base Fee amount of Royalty
Year 1

Year 2

Year 3

Year 4

Year 5

Year 6

Year 7
and After

A or B

3.5%

3.0%

2.5%

2.5%

2.0%

1.5%

None

D or F

None

None

None

None

None

None

None

With respect to the royalty, “Base Fee” means the greater of 4.5% of Gross Sales or the then-current
standard (undiscounted) royalty fee required for new franchisees.
However, if you fail to meet the cumulative opening target for any development year under your
Development Agreement, you may cure this default by opening the number of Restaurants
necessary to meet your development schedule within the required cure period (each, a “Shortfall
Restaurant”). We may, upon notice to you, elect to charge you or your affiliate for each Shortfall
Restaurant and, if the development default is not cured, all other Restaurants previously developed
under the Development Agreement, a royalty equal to the Base Fee for the entire term of the
respective Franchise Agreements (i.e., from the opening date of the Restaurants), payable within
15 days of written notice from us.
If your Restaurant is eligible to receive a reduced royalty under any other agreement or program
with us, you must select either that reduced royalty or the reduced royalty provided under the
Development Agreement, but you will not receive both reductions.
If we sell a Restaurant to you under the Crown Your Career Program and we pay for the remodeling
of the Restaurant, we may charge you a higher royalty for a period of time, which could be an
additional 1% - 5% of Gross Sales.
3.

Advertising. You must pay us an advertising contribution equal to a percentage of Gross Sales.
The required advertising contribution will be an amount determined by us, in our sole discretion,
not to exceed 4.5% of Gross Sales, unless you are participating in a program with a lower
advertising contribution or are operating a Restaurant that qualifies for a lower advertising
contribution. As of January 1, 2025 the advertising contribution is 4.5% of Gross Sales, in each
case subject to your participation in a program that decreases that amount or operation of a
Restaurant that qualifies for a lower contribution.
For example, if you are participating in one of the programs described below, your Restaurant may
qualify for a reduced advertising contribution:
2024 Multi-Unit New Development Program.
If you are participating in the 2024 Multi-Unit New Development Program, each Restaurant opened
under the MTRA will qualify for the following reduced advertising contribution depending on the
term year it is to be opened under the MTRA (however, if in any given term year, you fail to open

Item 6
03/2026

Page 34

