7.

THE FRANCHISED RESTAURANT

The site at which Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Restaurant is more fully
described in Exhibit A. The Franchised Restaurant shall at all times be under the direct, on premises
supervision of Franchisee, the Operating Partner or its Restaurant Manager. During the Term of this
Agreement the site shall be used exclusively for the purpose of operating a franchised BURGER KING
Restaurant.
In the event the Franchised Restaurant shall be damaged or destroyed by fire or other
casualty, or be required to be repaired or reconstructed by any governmental authority, Franchisee shall,
at its own expense, repair or reconstruct the Franchised Restaurant within a reasonable time under the
circumstances. The minimum acceptable appearance for the restored Franchised Restaurant will be that
which existed just prior to the casualty; however, every effort should be made to have the restored
Franchised Restaurant reflect the then Current Image, design and specifications of BURGER KING
restaurants. If the Franchised Restaurant is substantially destroyed by fire or other casualty, Franchisee
may, with BKC’s agreement, terminate this Agreement in lieu of Franchisee reconstructing the Franchised
Restaurant.
8.

TRAINING

A.

Training Programs

The Franchised Restaurant shall not open unless the Operating Partner and the
Restaurant Manager have successfully completed BKC’s training program in Miami, Florida or at such other
locations as may be specified by BKC (the “Initial Training”). Any Restaurant Manager replacing or
succeeding a prior Restaurant Manager must successfully complete the Initial Training prior to assuming
the responsibilities of Restaurant Manager for the Franchised Restaurant. BKC may, in its sole discretion,
waive the Initial Training requirement for the Restaurant Manager. BKC shall provide, and the Operating
Partner and Restaurant Manager shall attend, continuing operations training programs from time to time as
may be directed by BKC to re-enforce operational standards (“Continuing Operations Training”). The
required frequency, duration and subject matter of the Continuing Operations Training shall be specified by
BKC (the Initial Training and Continuing Operations Training programs are hereinafter collectively referred
to as “Training Programs”). BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall periodically review the Training
Programs and BKC will consult with the Franchisee Advisory Council prior to making any material changes
to the Training Programs. Such programs may be in Miami, Florida, or at such other locations as may be
specified by BKC.
B.

Charges and Costs

Franchisee shall be responsible for reasonable charges and costs of any sort
associated with such training but not limited to all travel and living expenses, compensation of and worker's
compensation insurance for the Operating Partner and/or the Restaurant Manager enrolled in the training
program, any other personal expenses, course materials, training facility charges, and training staff charges
(if any).
C.

Franchisee Training and Restaurant Staffing

Franchisee shall implement a training program for Franchised Restaurant
employees in accordance with training standards and procedures prescribed by BKC and shall staff the
Franchised Restaurant at all times during the Term of this Agreement with a sufficient number of trained
employees to ensure that the BURGER KING operational standards are met. Requests for exemption from
the manager training requirement will be considered on an individual basis and will be granted only in those
situations where the employees have prior operational management experience in a BURGER KING

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
9

