1.6
Developer must obtain BKC’s prior written approvals to develop a Franchised Restaurant in
accordance with the development procedures set forth in Article IV.
1.7
In the event of conflict or confusion as to the exact boundaries of the Territory, the sole discretion
of BKC will prevail.
ARTICLE II: TERM
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date
and expire at the end of Development Year __, i.e., _________ ___, 20___ (“Term”). As used herein,
“Development Year” means the period which commences on the Commencement Date and ends on
______________, 20____ (“Development Year 1”), and each consecutive twelve-month period during the
Term following Development Year 1 as set forth in the Development Schedule.
ARTICLE III: DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS
Developer shall develop and open for business and keep open pursuant to the terms of the applicable
Franchise Agreements a minimum number of new Burger King Restaurants in the Territory in strict compliance
with the Development Schedule. All of the Cumulative Opening Targets (as defined in the Development
Schedule) set forth in the Development Schedule are expressed net of closures, without distinction as to the
reason for such closure (i.e., expiration, early termination or otherwise). Only Free-Standing Restaurants, InLine Restaurants, and Food Court Restaurants (as such terms are hereinafter defined) shall count towards
fulfillment of Developer’s obligations under the Development Schedule. As used herein, “Free-Standing
Restaurant” means a Burger King Restaurant in a single purpose, single tenant freestanding building meeting
the minimum criteria for free-standing restaurants as determined by BKC, in its sole discretion, for the U.S.
from time to time. As used herein, “In-Line Restaurant” means a Burger King Restaurant in a retail space
within a building, meeting the minimum criteria for in-line restaurants as determined by BKC, in its sole
discretion, for the U.S. from time to time. As used herein, “Food Court Restaurant” means a Burger King
Restaurant in a retail space within an area of a building which consists primarily of quick service restaurants,
meeting the minimum criteria for food court restaurants as determined by BKC, in its sole discretion, for the
U.S. from time to time. Developer may develop and open new Burger King Restaurants in the Territory in
excess of both the Incremental Opening Target and the Cumulative Opening Target for each respective
Development Year (each such Restaurant, an “Excess Restaurant”). For the avoidance of doubt, if Area
Developer develops and opens any Franchised Restaurant in excess of the Incremental Opening Target,
but not in excess of the Cumulative Opening Target, for the applicable Development Year or any Franchised
Restaurant in excess of the Cumulative Opening Target, but not in excess of the Incremental Opening
Target, for the applicable Development Year, any such Franchised Restaurant shall be deemed not to be
an Excess Restaurant.
ARTICLE IV: DEVELOPMENT PROCEDURE
4.1
Franchise Approval. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Developer
understands and agrees that, as a condition precedent to the development of a Franchised Restaurant,
Developer must apply for, meet, and continuously maintain BKC’s then-current operational, financial, credit,
legal and other criteria for developing and operating a new Franchised Restaurant as set forth in BKC’s
then-current North America Franchise Approval and Expansion Policy (herein, “Franchise Approval”)
applicable to all franchisees of BKC in the U.S. Developer understands and accepts that BKC may change
its criteria for Franchise Approval as it applies to all franchisees of BKC during the term of this Agreement.
Failure to meet the requirements for operational, financial, credit and/or legal approval shall constitute
grounds for, among other things, BKC refusing to grant Franchise Approval, Site Approval (as hereinafter
defined), or withdrawing an approval already granted. Any failure by Developer to qualify for Franchise
Approval for any period of time shall not extend, modify or reduce the development obligations of Developer
under Article III, and if such failure results in Developer defaulting on its development obligations under
Article III, BKC may, in its sole discretion, exercise its rights under Section 6.1.

3
Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M (03/2026)

