to the Site. Neither the identification of a Site by BKC nor the Site Notice shall constitute Franchise Approval
or Site Approval.
1.4.6 Success or Viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant. The Developer agrees that any
site selection assistance, site identification, or offer to develop a Site by or on behalf of BKC shall not be
construed or interpreted as a representation or warranty relating directly or indirectly to the success or
viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant and no reliance shall be placed on any warranty, representation
or advice that may be given by any person by or on behalf of BKC directly or indirectly relating to the
success or viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant. Developer agrees to conduct its own independent
investigation and due diligence with respect to the viability and success of a Site or Franchised Restaurant
and acknowledges that there are risks associated with the development of a Franchised Restaurant at any
Site and that there are no guarantees that any Site or Franchised Restaurant will be successful or viable.
ARTICLE II: DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING COMMITMENT SCHEDULE
2.1
Development and Opening Commitment Schedule. Developer shall develop and open for business
and keep open pursuant to the terms of the Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant
a minimum number of new BURGER KING® restaurants in the Target Areas in strict compliance with the
Development and Opening Commitment Schedule set forth on Exhibit B (the "Development and Opening
Commitment Schedule"). Developer may open new Franchised Restaurants within the Target Areas at a
faster rate than indicated in the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule. If at the end of any
Term Year the number of new Franchised Restaurants opened falls short of the Annual Opening Target for
that Term Year but the cumulative total of new Franchised Restaurants opened under this Agreement
through such Term Year equals or exceeds the Cumulative Opening Target for such Term Year, as set
forth in the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule, Developer shall be deemed to be in
compliance with the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule.
2.2.
Force Majeure. If the Franchised Restaurant opening is delayed because of acts of God, labor
strikes, civil disorder, war, or embargo (“Force Majeure”), Developer must request a written extension of
the required opening date from BKC for the period of the delay caused by the Force Majeure, up to a
maximum of six (6) months from the required opening date. Any such extension shall not affect the
requirements for timely construction and opening of subsequent Franchised Restaurants.
ARTICLE III: TERM
Unless terminated earlier or extended as provided herein, this Agreement shall commence as of the
Effective Date and expire at the end of the final Term Year as described on Exhibit B (the “Term”). Except
as provided herein, Developer has no right to any extension or renewal of this Agreement.
ARTICLE IV: DEVELOPMENT PROCEDURE
4.1
Nature of Agreement. Developer understands and agrees that this Agreement is not a franchise
agreement and does not grant Developer a franchise for the operation of BURGER KING® restaurants or
any right to use BKC trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property, but is merely intended by the
parties to set forth the terms and conditions which, if fully satisfied, would entitle the Developer to obtain an
individual Franchise Agreement for each Site to be developed under this Agreement.
4.2
Franchise Approval. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Developer understands and agrees that, as a condition precedent to the development of a Franchised
Restaurant, the Developer must apply for, meet, and maintain BKC’s then-current operational, financial,
credit, legal and other criteria for developing and operating a new BURGER KING® restaurant as set forth
in the then-current BKC Franchise Approval and Expansion Policy (“Franchise Approval”) and must submit
a New Development Application. Developer understands and accepts that BKC may change its criteria for
Franchise Approval as it applies to all franchisees in the U.S. during the term of this Agreement. Failure to
meet the requirements for operational, financial, credit and/or legal approval shall constitute grounds for,
Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive)
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
3

