EXHIBIT B
BURGER KING COMPANY LLC GUIDELINES FOR PREPARATION
OF CORPORATE GOVERNING INSTRUMENTS
The BURGER KING Restaurant Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) provides, at Section 15.D
that the Franchisee may, with the prior written consent of Burger King Company LLC (“BKC”) assign the
Agreement to a corporation (the “Corporation”) so long as certain reasonable BKC conditions, including
those set forth in the Agreement are met. The Agreement also provides, at Section 15.D(6) that if the
Corporation wishes to issue either Non-Voting Common Stock or Non-Voting Preferred Stock (it may not
issue both), articles or certificate of incorporation and the by-laws of the Corporation (herein the “governing
instruments”) must contain at least the provisions set forth in these Guidelines For Preparation Of Corporate
Governing Instruments.
Before setting forth the required provisions, a note of CAUTION is in order. The issuance
of stock to family members and key employees may involve and invoke security registration and
sales laws, “blue sky” disclosure laws, wage and hour laws and numerous other federal, state and
local laws and regulations. A Franchisee should not, under any circumstances, issue, sell or give
away Voting or Non-Voting Stock of any sort without first discussing the matter in depth with an
attorney and following his or her instructions carefully.
The required provisions have been divided into those which relate to Non-Voting Common Stock
and those which relate to Non-Voting Preferred Stock. Under Section 15.D(3) of the Agreement, the
Corporation may not issue both Non-Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Preferred Stock.
It should also be noted that Section 11.A.(3) of the Agreement requires that in the adoption of a
corporate or partnership name, the Franchisee may not use any of the BURGER KING Marks, or any
variation, abbreviation, or words confusingly similar to the BURGER KING Marks.
Provisions Regarding Non-Voting Common Stock
A.
The aggregate number of authorized shares of stock of the Corporation shall be
(corporation will insert number) of which (a) (insert number) shall be designated shares of Voting Common
Stock of the par value of (insert number) per share (the “Voting Common Stock”), and (b) (insert number)
shall be designated shares of Non-Voting Common Stock of the par value of (insert number) per share.
B.
So long as the Corporation is the assignee of any BURGER KING Franchise, the relative
rights, preferences and limitations of the Voting Common Stock and the Non-Voting Common Stock are as
follows:
1.

Voting Common Stock

(a)
Voting Common Stock shall only be issued to and held by those natural persons who are
approved as franchisees by Burger King Company LLC. No more than five natural persons may hold
shares of Voting Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BKC may, in the exercise of its reasonable
discretion, permit more than five holders of shares of Voting Common Stock upon compliance with each of
the following conditions:
(i)
The additional holder (“Additional Holder”) is an Immediate Family
Member of an individual, original franchisee (“Original Franchisee”). No more than one Additional Holder
shall be permitted per Original Franchisee.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
40

