SECTION B
REMODEL UPLIFT INFORMATION
In addition to providing the Sales Distribution information above, we have compiled the following
information related to sales uplift information for certain remodeled Traditional Restaurants:
(1) Sales Uplift for Remodeled Restaurants (as defined below); and
(2) Multi-year Sales Uplift for Remodeled Restaurants
This information should be read together with all the related information about the factual basis
and material assumptions underlying them.
A total of 1,144 Traditional Restaurants with an estimated CAPEX remodel expenditure of
$650,000 or more, were completely remodeled in the United States to our Modern Image standards between
January 1, 2018, and December 31, 2024. Of these 1,144 Traditional Restaurants, 1,125 of them were open
and operating for the entire 12 month period ended December 31, 2025. Of these 1,125 Restaurants, 1,031
had sufficient data to be included in the “remodel sample” (the “Remodeled Restaurants”). (The 83
Restaurants that were excluded because they did not have sufficient data were missing construction start
and/or completion dates or complete sales data for the relevant periods.). Eleven Restaurants were also
excluded because they permanently closed between January 1, 2018 and December 31, 2025. All of the
Restaurants that permanently closed operated for more than 12 months before closing. For purposes of this
presentation, Restaurants remodeled in the Modern Image were remodeled to our current Garden Grill,
Pavilion or Sizzle images.
We reviewed the sales data of the Remodeled Restaurants for the 12 month period immediately
before the start of construction of the remodel and the 12 month period immediately after the remodel
completion date. We then compared the same store sales of each of these Remodeled Restaurants against
BURGER KING Traditional Restaurants sales for the same periods in the same designated marketing area
(DMA) that were not remodeled (the “Control Restaurants”). The Control Restaurants were made up of
other BURGER KING Traditional Restaurants in the applicable DMA that had similar seasonality and same
store sales trends as the Remodeled Restaurants, but excluded any Remodeled Restaurant or any Restaurant
that opened after January 1, 2016. All of the charts below provide sales uplift information as compared
against the Control Restaurants. The Control Restaurants have been operating between 7 and 71 years
depending upon the Restaurant.
When in this section we refer to “Full” remodels, we are referring to Restaurants where the existing
structure of the building was maintained, while the interior and exterior was upgraded to our Modern Image
standards. When we refer to “Scrape & Rebuild” remodels, we are referring to Restaurants where the
existing structure was demolished and the Restaurant was rebuilt to our Modern Image standards in the
same location.

Item 19
03/2026

Page 98

