PROVISION
h. “Cause” defined -defaults which cannot
be cured

SECTION IN
FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT
Sec. 18

SUMMARY
Non-curable defaults: bankruptcy,1 admit
inability to pay debts. Conviction of indictable
offense punishable by imprisonment for more
than 1 year, crime for which material element is
fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude, or any
other crime or offense arising or related to the
operation of the Restaurant or any other
BURGER KING® Restaurant you operate;
unfair competition; deleterious or unacceptable
behavior; submit false or misleading statements;
understatement of gross sales; failure to close
immediately in event of serious health and safety
issues; unauthorized transfer; repeated breaches
of Franchise Agreement after notice that we will
terminate upon further breach.
An event of default under the Reclaim the Flame
2 Master Program Agreement by you or your
affiliate if you or your affiliate is participating in
the Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program.

Crown Your Career
Franchise Agreement
Addendum – Sec. 5
and 6

Failure to comply with the Franchise Agreement,
any lease, or any other agreement related to the
Restaurant by you or your affiliate, including
any Crown Your Career program agreements by
you or your affiliate, or failure to comply with
any agreement between us and you (or your
affiliate) relating to other BURGER KING
Restaurants, including failure to complete the
remodel of any required Restaurants.
The payment of any dividend or distribution to
any direct or indirect owners or parents or similar
payments while the Crown Your Career
Promissory Note remains outstanding.

Carrols Refranchise
Franchise Agreement
Addendum – Sec. 6

i. Your obligations on
termination / nonrenewal

Item 17
03/2026

Sec. 18 and 19

Failure to comply with the Franchise Agreement,
any lease, or any other agreement related to the
Franchised Restaurant (including the Remodel
Agreement and APA) or any other agreement
between BKC and you (or your affiliate),
relating to the other BURGER KING Restaurants
acquired in the refranchising transaction.
Stop use of trademarks, de-identification of
restaurant; payment of amounts due, including
royalties and advertising contributions for the

Page 76

