D.
Opening promotion program. Franchisee may be eligible for a credit to its account
in exchange for implementing grand opening promotions conducted after the Franchised Restaurant opens,
in accordance with BKC’s policy (if any) at the time of opening. Costs in excess of the amount of the credit
(if any) incurred in implementing the program shall be Franchisee’s responsibility.
E.
BKC’s MOD Manual in an approved format, a copy of which will be loaned to
Franchisee for the Term of this Agreement.
F.
Such merchandising, marketing and advertising research data and advice as may
be developed from time to time by BKC and deemed by it to be helpful in the operation of a BURGER KING
Restaurant.
G.
Communication of new developments, techniques and improvements of BKC in
food preparation, equipment, food products, packaging, service and restaurant management which are
relevant to the operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant.
H.
Such ongoing support as BKC deems reasonably necessary to continue to
communicate and advise Franchisee as to the BURGER KING System including the operation of the
Franchised Restaurant.
7.

THE FRANCHISED RESTAURANT

The site at which Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Restaurant is more fully
described in Exhibit A. During the Term of this Agreement the site shall be used exclusively for the purpose
of operating a franchised BURGER KING Restaurant.
In the event the Franchised Restaurant shall be damaged or destroyed by fire or other
casualty or be required to be repaired or reconstructed by any governmental authority, Franchisee shall, at
its own expense, repair or reconstruct the Franchised Restaurant within a reasonable time under the
circumstances. The minimum acceptable appearance for the restored Franchised Restaurant will be that
which existed just prior to the casualty; however, every effort should be made to have the restored
Franchised Restaurant reflect the then Current Image, design and specifications of BURGER KING
restaurants. If the Franchised Restaurant is substantially destroyed by fire, or other casualty, Franchisee
may, with BKC’s agreement, terminate the Agreement in lieu of Franchisee reconstructing the Franchised
Restaurant.
8.

TRAINING
A.

Training Programs

The Franchised Restaurant shall not open unless the Managing Owner and the
Restaurant Manager have successfully completed BKC’s training program in Miami, Florida or at such other
locations as may be specified by BKC (the “Initial Training”) . Any Managing Owner replacing or succeeding
a prior Managing Owner in accordance with Section 3.A. above must successfully complete the Initial
Training promptly, but no later than thirty (30) days after becoming the Managing Owner. Any Restaurant
Manager replacing or succeeding a prior Restaurant Manager must successfully complete the Initial
Training prior to assuming the responsibilities of Restaurant Manager for the Franchised Restaurant. BKC
may, in its sole discretion, waive the Initial Training requirement for the Restaurant Manager. BKC shall
provide, and the Managing Owner and Restaurant Manager shall attend, continuing operations training
programs from time to time as may be directed by BKC to re-enforce operational standards (“Continuing
Operations Training”). The required frequency, duration and subject matter of the Continuing Operations
Training shall be specified by BKC (the Initial Training and Continuing Operations Training programs are
hereinafter collectively referred to as “Training Programs”). BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall
periodically review the Training Programs and BKC will consult with the Franchisee Advisory Council prior
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
9

