ITEM 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Except as described below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance:
Pre-Opening Obligations
Before you open your Restaurant, we will provide the following assistance to you:
1.
In most instances, designate the general geographic area in which you may look for a site.
(TRA, Article 1.1; MTRA, Article 1.1)
2.
Under a Development Agreement (Exhibit M), designate the Territory in which you may
develop Restaurants and provide a development schedule for the number and/or types of Restaurants you
must develop in the Territory. (Development Agreement, Articles I-V)
3.
Approve a specific location (“Site Approval”) for each Restaurant. (TRA, Article 4.3;
MTRA, Article 4.3; Development Agreement, Articles IV and V). We do not help negotiate the lease or
purchase of the approved site. We generally do not own the Restaurant premises, although we may do so
as described in Item 6 of this disclosure document. We may provide development services for DTL
locations which may include site acquisition, negotiation, permitting, zoning or other related development
services.
4.
Provide access to a website where you can download a reproducible copy of the standard
architectural building plans and specifications for a currently approved freestanding building or other
approved Restaurant facility, as applicable. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 6.A) You are responsible for having
these plans adapted as necessary to comply with applicable building codes and other legal requirements,
resolving any zoning issues, and obtaining permits. We are not obligated to help you conform the premises
to local requirements or obtain required permits.
5.
- Sec. 6.B)

Provide you with pre-opening training as described on the chart below. (Franchise Agmt.

6.
Provide you with on-site assistance by our personnel at your Restaurant, as we deem
appropriate. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 6.C)
7.
Give you, on loan, one copy of the MOD Manual (see below) which may be in written or
electronic form. The MOD Manual includes information about the equipment, signs, fixtures, inventory
and supplies you need to open your Restaurant and includes a list of approved suppliers. We provide the
written specifications for these items directly to the approved suppliers. We do not deliver or install these
items for you. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 5.C, 6.E)
8.
Grant you a franchise, on our then-current form of Franchise Agreement, for a BURGER
KING® Restaurant upon your satisfaction of all conditions to opening a Restaurant under a Development
Agreement. (Development Agreement, Articles IV and V)
9.
If you are participating in the Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program and have complied
with all terms of the Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement (Exhibit X1), upon successful
completion of a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel, we will provide a cash contribution to you based on the FSS
Remodel Grade assigned by us for your and your affiliates’ operational performance (Reclaim the Flame 2
Master Program Agreement – Sec. 5), and the Royalty rate you select under this program.

Item 11
03/2026

Page 56

