In the event that Franchisee is a company with publicly-traded stock and not a subsidiary of
one or more companies, then Franchisee shall be deemed to be the “Owner” and “Managing Owner” for
purposes of this Agreement.
B.
Profit Entitlement. Franchisee represents that it is entitled to receive any and all
profits derived from the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and will retain such rights throughout the Term.
Franchisee agrees that it has not and will not hereafter, directly or indirectly, avoid the financial interest
requirements and the direct operation requirements set forth above and in Section 3 below through entry into
a management agreement, consulting agreement or any other such artificial device or arrangement with
persons or entities other than the Managing Director (defined below). Franchisee agrees to furnish BKC with
such evidence as BKC may request from time to time for the purpose of assuring BKC that Franchisee’s efforts
and equity interest remain as represented in this Agreement.
C.
Acknowledgement. Further, Franchisee acknowledges that material conditions
under which BKC is executing this Agreement are, among other things, the representations and covenants set
forth in this Section 1.
2.
OWNERS. Exhibit B to the Agreement is hereby replaced with Exhibit B attached to this Corporate
Addendum.
3.
MANAGEMENT OF FRANCHISED RESTAURANT. The following paragraphs replace Section 5.K
of the Agreement:
(1)
Franchisee acknowledges its understanding of BKC's requirement that an
individual “Managing Director” approved by BKC, trained in the BURGER KING System and periodically
retrained in the BURGER KING System, be identified by Franchisee to BKC and be granted the authority by
Franchisee to direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant
is in compliance with the MOD Manual, with this Agreement, and with the terms of any lease and any other
agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant. The Managing Director shall devote full time and best
efforts to the overall supervision of the Franchised Restaurant and any other BURGER KING Restaurants
owned by Franchisee as to which he/she is the Managing Director. The Managing Director shall live in the
general vicinity of the Franchised Restaurant and/or the majority of the Franchisee’s BURGER KING
Restaurants for which he/she is the approved Managing Director. The current Managing Director is designated
in Exhibit B. Franchisee represents and warrants that the Managing Director presently has and will have,
throughout the Term, the authority to direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operation of
the Franchised Restaurant is in compliance with the MOD Manual, with this Agreement, and with the terms of
any lease and any other agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee has not taken and
agrees that it will not hereafter take, whether directly or indirectly, any action to avoid the authority requirement
for the Managing Director through the entry of limiting entity resolutions, management agreements,
amendment of governing documents or any other device or arrangement. Franchisee agrees to furnish BKC
with such evidence as BKC may request from time to time for the purpose of assuring BKC that the authority
of the Managing Director remains as represented in this Agreement and to require that the Managing Director
attend such additional and periodic training as BKC may reasonably require of Managing Directors. No change
in the Managing Director may be made without the prior written consent of BKC. If the Managing Director dies
or becomes incapacitated, then within sixty (60) days thereafter, Franchisee shall name a new Managing
Director approved by BKC pursuant to BKC's then current criteria for approving Managing Directors. If the
Managing Director position becomes vacant for any other reason, Franchisee shall designate a new Managing
Director approved by BKC pursuant to BKC’s then current criteria for approving Managing Directors within
thirty (30) days of such vacancy.

Corporate Addendum
Exhibit J1 (03/2026)
BK#_________
2

