jurisdiction over the Premises. If Lessee is responsible for conducting such remediation,
Lessor shall have the right to recover all of the costs and expenses thereof from Lessee
as Additional Charges pursuant to Section 3.4 of this Lease.
(c)

Actions and Proceedings. Except in emergencies or as otherwise required by law, Lessee
shall not perform any Remediation in response to the presence or release of any
Hazardous Substances on or about the Premises without first giving written notice to
Lessor. Lessee shall not enter into any settlement agreement, consent decree or other
compromise with respect to any claims relating to any Hazardous Substances in any way
connected with the Premises without first notifying Lessor of Lessee’s intention to do so
and affording Lessor the opportunity to participate in any such proceedings.

§16.6 REMEDIATION BY THIRD PARTIES.
(a)

If Lessee receives a request from a third party to enter the Premises for the purposes of
Remediation of Hazardous Substances, then Lessee shall so notify Lessor in accordance
with the provisions of Section 16.2 above.

(b)

Lessor, in its sole discretion, shall determine if the request should be honored and, if so,
under what conditions.

(c)

If Lessor determines that the request should be honored, then Lessee shall cooperate with
such Remediation so long as the third party agrees to comply with the provisions of Section
16.4(b) above and with any other reasonable conditions requested by Lessee.

(d)

Lessee agrees to sign any documentation reasonably required by Lessor and/or any such
third party in order to effectuate the provisions of this Section 16.6.

§16.7 LEASE EXPIRATION. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term of this Lease, Lessee
shall (i) cause all Hazardous Substances previously owned, stored or used by Lessee to be removed from
the Premises and disposed of in accordance with applicable Hazardous Substances Laws; (ii) remove any
aboveground or underground storage tanks or other containers installed or used by Lessee to store any
Hazardous Substances on the Premises, and repair any damage to the Premises caused by such removal;
(iii) cause any soil or other portion of the Premises which has become contaminated by any Hazardous
Substances stored or used by Lessee on the Premises to be decontaminated, detoxified or otherwise
remediated in accordance with the requirements of any governmental authorities having jurisdiction over
the Premises; and (iv) surrender possession of the Premises to Lessor free of contamination attributable to
Hazardous Substances generated or used by Lessee in or on the Premises during the Term of this Lease.
§16.8 INDEMNIFICATION BY LESSEE. Lessee shall indemnify, defend with counsel reasonably
acceptable to Lessor, and hold Lessor free and harmless from any and all liabilities, damages, claims,
penalties, fines, settlements, causes of action, costs or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees,
environmental consultant and laboratory fees and the costs and expense of investigating and defending
any claims or proceedings, resulting from or attributable to (i) the presence, disposal, migration, release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Substance that is on, from or affecting the Premises including the
soil, water, vegetation, buildings, personal property persons, or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including
wrongful death) or property damage (real or personal) arising out of or relating to such Hazardous
Substance(s); (iii) any lawsuits or administrative order relating to such Hazardous Substance(s); or any
violation of any laws applicable to any Hazardous Substance for which Lessee is responsible under this
Lease. Lessee’s indemnification obligations under this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Lease. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Lessee shall have no
liability or responsibility to Lessor for liabilities, damages, claims, penalties, fines, settlements, causes of
action, cost or expense arising out of any Hazardous Substances that Lessee can demonstrate were

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
24

