B.
Franchisee shall not (1) assign or pledge this Agreement or assign any of
Franchisee’s rights or delegate its duties hereunder; or (2) sell, assign, transfer, convey or give away
substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Restaurant. Notwithstanding any consent granted by BKC
pursuant to Section 15.A., Franchisee shall not pledge, mortgage, hypothecate, give as security for an
obligation or in any manner encumber this Agreement or the franchise granted herein except with the
express written consent of BKC given in connection with the execution of BKC's then-current third party
intercreditor agreement. Franchisee shall pay BKC a transfer fee in the amount set forth as the Intercreditor
Agreement Transfer Fee on the Key Contract Data page for the costs and expenses incurred by BKC in
connection with facilitating the execution of the intercreditor agreement (the “Intercreditor Agreement
Transfer Fee”). The Intercreditor Agreement Transfer Fee is in addition to any other transfer fees referenced
in this Agreement.
C.
In the event of the death or incapacity of Franchisee or, if this Agreement has been
assigned to a corporation or a limited liability company, the death or incapacity of an owner of Voting
Common Stock or Voting Units, BKC shall consent to a transfer of decedent's or incapacitated party’s
interest to Franchisee’s heirs, surviving spouse, partner, or shareholder owning at least twenty-five percent
(25%) of the Voting Common Stock of a corporation or twenty-five percent (25%) of the Voting Units of a
limited liability company (collectively and individually an “Heir”), subject to the following conditions:
(1)
The Heir must complete and be approved through BKC's standard
franchisee selection process, including satisfactorily demonstrating to BKC that the Heir meets the financial,
character, and managerial criteria, as well as equity ownership and such other criteria and conditions as
BKC shall then be applying in considering applications for new franchises.
(2)

The Heir shall have successfully completed BKC's training for new

franchisees.
(3)
The Heir shall agree, in writing, to assume liability for and to perform all
the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the same extent as the original franchisee.
(4)
If the Heir is not approved or there is no Heir, the estate of the deceased
shall sell the Franchised Restaurant to an acceptable party within eighteen (18) months from the date of
Franchisee's death or incapacity, and BKC shall have an option, but not the obligation, to operate and/or
manage the Franchised Restaurant for the account of Franchisee's estate until the deceased or
incapacitated Franchisee's interest is transferred to another party acceptable to BKC. Should BKC elect to
operate and/or manage the Franchised Restaurant, BKC shall make a complete accounting and shall
forward the net income from the operation to Franchisee's estate, less expenses and a reasonable
management fee. If the conveyance of the Franchised Restaurant to a party acceptable to BKC has not
taken place within the eighteen (18)-month period, BKC shall have the option to purchase the Franchised
Restaurant at fair market value.
D.
With the prior written consent of BKC, Franchisee may assign this Agreement to a
corporation (“Corporation”) or a limited liability company (“LLC”). BKC may impose reasonable conditions
on any assignment, including the conditions set forth below.
(1)

If Franchisee requests that BKC approve an assignment of this Agreement

to a Corporation:
(a)
The assignment to the Corporation will not relieve Franchisee of
personal liability to BKC for the performance of all obligations under this Agreement.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
18

