total amount of the original installment payments to be made under the contract for sale or other instrument
evidencing the debt. If the holder of the note or other evidence of debt deems the obligation satisfied,
Transferor will simultaneously be released from liability to BKC under this Agreement for Royalty and
Advertising Contributions. Any contract for sale which provides for installment payments shall provide that
such payments are subordinate to the payment of Royalty and Advertising Contributions called for in this
Agreement and that the note or other evidence of the obligation shall not be assignable by the holder or payee.
(2)
If Transferor has transferred Transferor's interest pursuant to a contract of
sale which provides for cash payment in full, upon transfer of the entire purchase price, the Transferor's liability
shall continue for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the transfer, and shall be limited to the amount
of Royalty and Advertising Contributions which accrued during such period and are not paid by Transferee.
Upon payment of such amount, Transferor shall be automatically released for any continuing liability under this
Agreement for Royalty and Advertising Contributions.
I.

Breach

Any purported assignment or transfer not in full compliance with this Section 15 shall be null
and void and shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement, for which BKC may immediately terminate
without opportunity to cure pursuant to Section 18.A of this Agreement.
7.
DEFAULT AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION. The following paragraphs replace Sections 18.A(14)
and Section 18.A.(17) of the Agreement:
(14)
Conviction of either Franchisee or the Managing Director in a court of competent jurisdiction
of (i) an indictable offense punishable by a term of imprisonment in excess of one (1) year, (ii) any offense,
regardless of how punishable, for which a material element is fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude, or (iii) any
other crime or offense arising from or related to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, other franchised
BURGER KING Restaurants, the BURGER KING Restaurant business of the Franchisee or any other business
of the Franchisee or Managing Director that BKC believes is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the
BURGER KING System, the BURGER KING Marks, or the good will associated therewith in the geographical
area where the Franchised Restaurant is located. If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee and with no opportunity
to cure.
(17)
Conduct by Franchisee or the Managing Director which is deleterious to or reflects unfavorably
on Franchisee or the BURGER KING System by exhibiting a reckless disregard for the physical and mental
well being of employees, customers, BKC representatives or the public at large including battery, assault,
sexual harassment or other forms of threatening, outrageous, willfully discriminatory or unacceptable
behavior. An act of default under this Section 18.A.(17) does not require any criminal action to be brought
against Franchisee or the Managing Director. If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee and with no opportunity
to cure.
8.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANT. The following paragraph replaces Section 19 of the Agreement.

Franchisee covenants and agrees that during the Term of this Agreement, neither Franchisee, nor the
Managing Director, nor any other person or entity including its parent, subsidiaries, Owners, Affiliates and
sister companies who directly or indirectly control more than 10% of the equity securities of the Franchisee,
will own, operate or have any direct or indirect interest (whether through stock ownership, partnership, trust,
joint venture, management agreement or otherwise) in any nationally or regionally branded hamburger
business, except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants. Franchisee, for itself, and any other person
Corporate Addendum
Exhibit J1 (03/2026)
BK#_________
7

