ARTICLE IX: SEVERABILITY
If any of the provisions of this Agreement may be construed in more than one way, one of which would
render the provision illegal or otherwise void, voidable or unenforceable, such provision shall have the
meaning which renders it valid and enforceable. This Agreement shall be construed according to its fair
meaning and not strictly against any party. If any court or other government authority determines that any
provision is not enforceable as written, the parties agree that the provision shall be amended so that it is
enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies of the jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought and affords the parties the same basic rights and obligations and has the same
economic effect. If any provision is held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such findings shall not
invalidate the remainder of the agreement unless, in the reasonable opinion of BKC, the effect of such
determination frustrates the purpose of this Agreement whereupon BKC shall have the right by written
notice to the other party to immediately terminate this Agreement.
ARTICLE X: ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and
agreements, written or oral, relating to the Target Areas and development of Franchised Restaurants
thereon. The parties acknowledge that they are not relying upon any representation, warranty, condition,
agreement or understanding, written or oral, except as herein specified. Neither this Agreement nor any
term or provision of it may be changed, waived, discharged, or modified orally. The only changes, waivers,
discharges or modifications that will be effective will be those which are in writing and signed by the parties
to this Agreement. Nothing in this Section, however, is intended to disclaim any representations BKC made
in the franchise disclosure document that it furnished to Developer.
ARTICLE XI: MISCELLANEOUS
11.1
Notice. Any notice shall be in writing and shall be delivered or sent by registered or certified mail
postage fully prepaid, or a nationally recognized courier service and if to BKC to: Burger King Company
LLC, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126, Attn: General Counsel, if to Developer:
. All such notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier of actual
receipt or the third (3rd) day after being deposited in the US Mail.
11.2
Assignment. This Agreement may not be directly or indirectly assigned, transferred or encumbered
by Developer. BKC may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time in its sole discretion.
11.3
Non-Waiver. Failure of BKC to insist upon strict performance of any terms of this Agreement shall
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Acceptance by BKC of any money paid by
Developer under this Agreement or under any Franchise Agreement shall not constitute a waiver by BKC
of any breach or default of this Agreement or any Franchise Agreement.
11.4
Relationship of Parties. The parties to this Agreement are not partners, joint venturers, or agents
of each other and there is no fiduciary relationship between the parties. Developer has no right to bind or
obligate BKC in any way and Developer shall not represent that it has any such right. This Agreement is
not a franchise for the operation of a BURGER KING® restaurant.
11.5
Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Florida. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the United States
District Court for the Southern District Court of Florida, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the 11th Judicial
Court (or its successor) in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida, shall be the venue and exclusive proper
forum in which to adjudicate any case or controversy arising, either directly or indirectly, under or in
connection with this Agreement, the Franchise Agreements or related documentation and any other
agreement between the parties, and the parties further agree that, if litigation arises out of, or in connection
with this Agreement, the Franchise Agreements, or related documentation or any other agreement between
Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive)
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
7

