i.
GOOD STANDING CERTIFICATES. Not less frequently than once
during each calendar quarter, Grantor shall, unless BKC shall otherwise consent, provide to BKC a
certificate of good standing from its state of incorporation or organization.
j.
NO REINCORPORATION. Grantor shall not reincorporate or reorganize
itself under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized
as of the date hereof without the prior written consent of BKC.
k.
TERMINATIONS; AMENDMENTS NOT AUTHORIZED. Grantor
acknowledges that it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination
statement with respect to any financing statement without the prior written consent of BKC and agrees
that it will not do so without the prior written consent of BKC subject to Grantor’s rights under Section 9509(d)(2) of the Code.
6.

DEFAULT; REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT.

a.
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default” or, if the giving
of notice or the lapse of time or both is required, then, prior to such notice or lapse of time, “Defaults”)
shall occur:
(i)

the occurrence of any default under the Promissory Note;

(ii)
the sale of all or any portion of the Collateral, other than sales of
Inventory in the ordinary course of business, without BKC’s consent;
(iii)
any event, including, without limitation, any change in the
financial condition of the Grantor, which results in, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect; or
(iv)
the Grantor shall fail to pay any Obligations when the same shall
become due and payable, whether at the stated date of maturity or any accelerated date of maturity or at
any other date fixed for payment;
(v)
the Grantor shall fail to perform any term, covenant or agreement
contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or Crown Your Career Agreements;
(vi)
any representation or warranty of Grantor in this Security
Agreement, or any of the other Loan Documents or Crown Your Career Agreements or in any other
document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Security Agreement, or any of the
other Loan Documents or Crown Your Career Agreements shall prove to have been false in any material
respect upon the date when made or deemed to have been made or repeated;
(vii)
if any of the Loan Documents shall be cancelled, terminated,
revoked or rescinded or BKC’s security interests, mortgages or liens in substantially all of the Collateral
shall cease to be perfected, or shall cease to have the priority contemplated hereby, in each case
otherwise than in accordance with the terms thereof or with the express prior written agreement, consent
or approval of BKC, or any action at law or in equity or other legal proceeding to cancel, revoke or rescind
any of the Loan Documents shall be commenced by or on behalf of Grantor or any of their respective
stockholders, or any court or any other governmental or regulatory authority or agency of competent
jurisdiction shall make a determination that, or issue a judgment, order, decree or ruling to the effect that,
any one or more of the Loan Documents is illegal, invalid or unenforceable in accordance with the terms
thereof; or
(viii)
there shall occur any material damage to, or loss, theft or
destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo,
Crown Your Career Security Agreement
Exhibit Z5 (03/2026)
BK#________

9

