documents within a reasonable period of time in advance of the scheduled closing date. Lessor shall have
twenty (20) days after its receipt of the purchase or option contract and any and all relevant documents
within which to notify Vendee of Lessor’s intention to accept or reject Lessor’s option. If Vendee’s rights to
purchase such Additional Property are not assignable, or if Vendee purchases the Additional Property
without previously granting Lessor the option to acquire the Additional Property, Lessor shall have the
additional option to purchase the Additional Property from Vendee, at Vendee’s purchase price, under the
terms of Lessor’s then standard contract for the purchase of real property which shall be executed by
Vendee and Lessor upon Lessor’s exercise of this additional option. The granting of this additional option
by Vendee to Lessor is in partial consideration for the making of this Lease by Lessor. Vendee agrees to
submit to Lessor a copy of the purchase agreement and all other relevant documents within fifteen (15)
days after Vendee acquires the Additional Property, and Lessor shall have thirty (30) days thereafter within
which to notify Vendee of its intention to accept or reject this additional option.
In the event Lessor acquires the Additional Property from Vendee as set forth above, Vendee and Lessor
agree to amend this Lease to include the Additional Property and to increase the Rent and other Additional
Charges payable by Lessee for its use of the Additional Property. The rent for the Additional Property shall
be calculated by Lessor in accordance with its then current formula for the calculation of ”BKL” lease rentals.
In the event (i) Lessor fails to exercise its options to purchase the Additional Property as set forth above, or
(ii) Lessor has not received notice from Vendee that Vendee has purchased the Additional Property, then
at such time as (a) Lessor becomes aware of the acquisition by Vendee of the Additional Property or (b)
this Lease expires or is terminated, whichever is earlier, Lessor shall have a third option to acquire the
Additional Property by purchasing it for its then fair market value or three (3) times Vendee’s purchase
price, whichever is less, under the terms of Lessor’s then standard contract for the purchase of real property,
to be executed by Vendee and Lessor upon the exercise by Lessor of this third option. The granting of this
third option by Vendee to Lessor is in partial consideration for the making of this Lease by Lessor. Lessor
must notify Vendee of its election to exercise this third option within thirty (30) days after (A) the date on
which Lessor receives notice of Vendee’s acquisition of the Additional Property or (B) the expiration or
termination of this Lease, whichever is earlier. Should Lessor and Vendee be unable to agree upon a
purchase price within thirty (30) days after Vendee is notified by Lessor that Lessor desires to exercise this
third option, Lessor and Vendee shall within ten (10) days following the end of said thirty (30) day period
separately hire disinterested, qualified real estate appraisers who are authorized to appraise property in the
county where the Additional Property is located and who are members of The Society of Real Estate
Appraisers, The American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers or The American Society of Appraisers. If
either Lessor or Vendee fails to appoint an appraiser within ten (10) days after being notified of the appraiser
retained by the other party, the single appraiser hired shall determine the fair market value of the Additional
Property. If both parties select an appraiser, the two appraisers shall meet and attempt to agree on a fair
market value of the Additional Property. If they are unable to agree on the value within fifteen (15) days
after the second appraiser was appointed, they shall select a third appraiser who shall determine the fair
market value. Lessor and Vendee shall be responsible for the fee charged by the respective appraisers
they selected and shall split the cost of the third appraiser. If after being informed of the fair market value
of the Additional Property, Lessor indicates that the purchase price is unacceptable, it may rescind its
election to purchase the Additional Property, upon notice to Vendee within twenty (20) days after being
informed of the fair market value of the Additional Property, but must pay the total cost of the appraisal.
In the event Lessor acquires the Additional Property from Vendee under any of the above options, Vendee
shall furnish to Lessor evidence that he has good and marketable title to the Additional Property, and title
shall be conveyed to Lessor in fee simple, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances, restrictions or
violations of any local, state or federal laws, orders, rules or regulations upon payment of the purchase
price. Closing shall be within ninety (90) days after determination of the purchase price, subject to any
extension permitted under the terms of Lessor’s then standard contract for the sale of real property.
Vendee hereby expressly covenants and agrees that, in the event that Vendee acquires Additional Property
without complying with the terms and provisions of this Section 14.1, Lessor shall have the absolute and
unrestricted option to purchase any such Additional Property, upon the terms and conditions set forth above
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
19

