9.
REINSTATEMENT. This Security Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and
continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against Grantor for liquidation or reorganization,
should Grantor become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of any creditor or creditors or
should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of Grantor’s assets, and shall
continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of
the Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or
must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of the Obligations, whether as a “voidable
preference,” “fraudulent conveyance,” or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not
been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or
returned, the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so
rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.
10.
NOTICES. Any notice required, desired or permitted to be given to Grantor or BKC
hereunder shall be in writing delivered personally, receipt acknowledged, or mailed, certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested addressed to:
If to Grantor:

Attention:
If to BKC:

Burger King Company LLC
5707 Blue Lagoon Drive
Miami, Florida 33126
Attention:

with a copy to:

Burger King Company LLC
P.O. Box 020783
Miami, Florida 33102-0783
Attention: Legal, Franchising/Real Estate U.S.

or such other address as shall be furnished in writing by Grantor or BKC to the other prior to the giving of
the applicable notice or communication. Such notices shall be deemed given (a) if delivered personally,
upon delivery, receipt acknowledged, or (b) if mailed as aforesaid, three (3) days after deposit in the
United States mail.
11.
SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Security Agreement shall be
interpreted in a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this
Security Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such
provision or the remaining provisions of this Security Agreement. This Security Agreement is to be read,
construed and applied together with the other Loan Documents and the Crown Your Career Agreements
which, taken together, set forth the complete understanding and agreement of BKC and Grantor with
respect to the matters referred to herein and therein.
12.
NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. BKC shall not by any act, delay, omission or
otherwise be deemed to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder, and no waiver shall be valid
unless in writing, signed by BKC and then only to the extent therein set forth. A waiver by BKC of any
right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy
which BKC would otherwise have had on any future occasion. No failure to exercise nor any delay in
exercising on the part of BKC, any right, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or
future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies
hereunder provided are cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of
any rights and remedies provided by law. None of the terms or provisions of this Security Agreement may

Crown Your Career Security Agreement
Exhibit Z5 (03/2026)
BK#________

12

