or unenforceable provisions were not contained in the Agreement, and partially valid and enforceable
provisions shall be enforced to the extent that they are valid and enforceable.
E.

Notices

(1)
All notices to BKC shall be in writing and shall be delivered or sent by
registered or certified mail, postage fully prepaid, addressed to it at its offices at P.O. Box 020783, General
Mail Facility, Miami, Florida 33102-0783, Attention: General Counsel, or at such other address as BKC shall
from time to time designate in writing.
(2)
All notices to Franchisee shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered or
sent by registered or certified mail or telegraph, addressed to Franchisee at the Franchised Restaurant or
Franchisee’s last designated in writing mailing address.
(3)
Notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier of actual receipt or the
third (3rd) day after being deposited in the U.S. Mail.
F.

Modification

This Agreement may only be modified or amended by a written document executed
by BKC and Franchisee.
G.

Binding Effect
This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their successors or assigns.

H.

Survival

Any provisions of this Agreement, including the insurance and indemnification
provisions of Section 13, which impose an obligation after termination or expiration of this Agreement shall
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and be binding on the parties.
I.

Attorney's Fees

In any litigation to enforce the terms of this Agreement, all costs and all attorney's
fees (including those incurred on appeal) incurred as a result of the legal action shall be paid to the
prevailing party by the other party.
J.

Entire Agreement

This Agreement, including the Key Contract Data page to this Agreement, together
with the Target Reservation Agreement, Franchise Application, Capitalization Plan, the Franchise Entity
Application, the Guaranty, and Contribution Agreement, if applicable, submitted by Franchisee to BKC upon
which BKC is relying in granting this franchise, constitute the entire agreement of the parties and
supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, commitments, representations and undertakings of the
parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section, however, is intended
to disclaim any representations BKC made in the Franchise Disclosure Document that it furnished to
Franchisee.
K.

Assignment

BKC shall have the right to transfer or assign all or any part of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement to any person or legal entity. With respect to any assignment which results
in the subsequent performance by the assignee of all of BKC’s obligations under this Agreement, the
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
30

