The Franchise
You may become a Franchisee either by developing a new BURGER KING Restaurant or by
purchasing an existing BURGER KING Restaurant from another franchisee, BKC, or our affiliate. You
must meet all of our requirements to be approved by us to become a franchisee or expand within the
BURGER KING® System in North America. Unless we waive this requirement, you must sign a Target
Reservation Agreement (“TRA”) (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit C1) or a Multiple Target
Reservation Agreement (“MTRA”) (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit C2) to develop one
or more BURGER KING Restaurants.
We may permit you to open multiple BURGER KING Restaurants within a defined area we refer
to as a “Territory” under a Development Agreement (“ Development Agreement”), in the form attached at
Exhibit M. Under a Development Agreement, you must make a commitment to sign separate Franchise
Agreements for, and open and continue operating, the number and type of Restaurants that we agree upon
in the Territory according to a Development Schedule during the term of the Development Agreement. You
must sign the current form of Franchise Agreement that we are using at the time we require you to sign the
Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant opened under a Development Agreement. The terms of these
agreements may differ from the form attached to this Disclosure Document. Under a Development
Agreement, only certain traditional free-standing and non-traditional in-line and food court BURGER
KING Restaurants count towards your development obligations.
Under the Crown Your Career Program, we are offering qualified individuals employed by us (or
our affiliates) the opportunity to purchase one or more BURGER KING Restaurant(s) owned by us or our
affiliate through the Carrols Refranchise Program after the employee has worked at one or more of the
Restaurant(s) for a specified period of time, usually 1-3 years. To take advantage of this opportunity, you
must meet all of our requirements, including that you are employed by us (or our affiliate) at the time of
the offer to purchase the Restaurant(s), you must also meet our financial requirements to purchase the
Restaurant(s), the Restaurant(s) must meet certain performance requirements, and you must have completed
any training we require. We have no obligation to offer you a franchise, but if we do, you have no obligation
to accept it. If you accept the offer, you will sign our current form of Asset Purchase Agreement, which
will vary for the Restaurant(s) being purchased, and current form of Franchise Agreement along with the
current form of Crown Your Career Program agreements and Carrols Refranchise Program agreements, to
purchase the BURGER KING Restaurant(s), obtain financing from us (if we offer it), and lease or sublease
the premises as we require. The current forms of Crown Your Career Term Sheet, Franchise Agreement
Addendum, Promissory Note, and Security Agreement, as of the issuance date of this disclosure document,
are attached as Exhibits Z1 – Z5. The current forms of Carrols Refranchise Program Term Sheet, Asset
Purchase Agreement and Franchise Agreement Addendum, as of the issuance date of this disclosure
document, are attached as Exhibits F1 – F3. In addition to other requirements that we may impose, you
must own all of the equity interests of the franchise and you and your spouse or partner must sign a personal
guarantee of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and other agreements. We may modify or
discontinue this program at any time.
If you are a new franchisee, you must participate in the “Fuel the Flame” Program. Your obligation
to pay the advertising contribution with the Ad Fund “Fuel the Flame” program will be identified in a “Fuel
the Flame” Co-investment Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit Y1. If you open a new Restaurant

or acquire a Restaurant during the term of the Fuel the Flame Program, you must enter into a “Fuel
the Flame” Co-Investment Agreement for that Restaurant when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
If you transfer your interest in a participating Restaurant, the transferee must agree to participate
in the Fuel the Flame Program as a condition of transfer approval. If you seek a successor Franchise

Item 1
03/2026

Page 6

