(viii)
From time to time, BKC may seek support from Franchisee, and all other
franchisees in the Designated Marketing Area (“DMA”) where the Franchised Restaurant is located, for an
Investment Spending Program (“ISP”). In the event that 66.7% or more of the other franchised and BKCoperated company restaurants in the DMA where the Franchised Restaurant exists execute binding ISP
contracts which commit such other franchisees to place a fixed monthly dollar amount or a percentage of
their Gross Sales into an ISP account with such money to be spent on local DMA marketing initiatives in a
given year, then in such case, Franchisee shall execute an ISP contract on exactly the same terms.
Franchisee acknowledges that the terms of the ISP contracts may change from year to year but that under
no circumstances will any ISP contract (1) bind the Franchisee to pay more than 2% of their Gross Sales
into an ISP fund; or (2) bind the Franchisee for a term longer than one year.
C.

Gross Sales

The term “Gross Sales” as used in this Agreement includes all sums charged by
Franchisee for goods, merchandise or services sold at or from the Franchised Restaurant, including all
premiums unless exempted by BKC. The sale of BURGER KING products away from the Franchised
Restaurant is not authorized; however, should any such sales be approved in the future, they will be
included within the definition of Gross Sales. Gross Sales excludes any federal, state, county or city Tax,
excise Tax, or other similar Taxes collected by Franchisee from customers based upon sales, and cash
received as payment in credit transactions where the extension of credit itself has already been included in
the figure upon which the Royalty and Advertising Contribution is computed.
D.

Late Charge

Any Royalty, Advertising Contribution or other amount due to BKC under this
Agreement not paid when due shall be subject to BKC’s then-current monthly administrative fee, as
permitted by applicable law. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that BKC will incur ongoing
administrative costs, collection efforts, and operational disruptions as a result of continued nonpayment,
and that the nature and extent of such costs and disruptions varies with the size of the unpaid obligation.
E.

Payment; Credits

All payments required to be made to BKC under this Agreement shall be made in
Miami, Florida, or at such addresses and to such parties as BKC may designate in writing from time to time.
BKC may, in its sole discretion, elect to pay any amount owed by BKC or any of its Affiliates to Franchisee
by crediting any account of Franchisee or reducing any financial obligation of Franchisee to BKC or its
Affiliates.
F.

Audit of Advertising Contributions

Not more than once annually, the Franchisee Association shall have the right,
following reasonable notice to BKC, to audit BKC's fiscal year-end results with regard to the income and
expenditures of the Advertising Contribution received by BKC for BURGER KING restaurants located in the
U.S.A. The audit shall be conducted in accordance with the criteria established by BKC following
consultation with the Franchisee Advisory Council. The audit shall be at the sole cost of the Franchisee
Association unless (i) the audit discloses a misappropriation of funds or (ii) a discrepancy resulting from an
accounting error, which is in excess of three percent (3%) of the total annual Advertising Contribution
received by BKC, in either of which events BKC shall reimburse the Franchisee Association for the
reasonable costs of the audit. Only records of the past two fiscal years will be produced for the audit. The
results of the audit will be made available, on request, to Franchisee. Franchisee shall have no independent
right to audit, provided however, if no Franchisee Association exists, franchisees owning collectively at least
thirty percent (30%) or more of all BURGER KING franchisee-owned and operated restaurants in the U.S.A.
shall have the right to audit under the same terms and conditions set forth in this Section 9.F.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
11

