location, your training schedule and locations, your mode of travel, and discretionary choices, as well
as whether additional persons attend the training. The low estimate assumes you and your Restaurant
are located in Miami and do not incur travel or living expenses while undergoing training.
General Comment to Footnotes 3-18: Costs and expenditures associated with non-traditional facilities
will vary greatly due to differences in site location, operational costs or savings associated with co-branding
of businesses like gas stations, convenience stores and other retail and food operations and other similar
factors. The costs and expenditures set out in this Item 7 relate only to the costs associated with establishing
the BURGER KING Restaurant.
3. Costs of commercial leasing vary considerably by location and market conditions. Estimates of lease
costs that might be encountered are as follows: for In-Line Restaurants, $1 - $200 per square foot, plus
common area maintenance (“CAM”) at $2 - $80 per square foot; mall food courts, $25 - $688.55 per
square foot, plus CAM at $6 - $150 per square foot. If you buy unimproved property for your
freestanding facility, the cost may range from $250,000 to $2,000,000 in typical situations.
4. You will need to employ an architect or civil engineer to modify our standard plans for your site. Prices
will vary depending on the amount of revision requested by you or your municipality, county or state.
5. You may need to request a zoning variance or otherwise alter current zoning conditions.
6. The costs of construction and improvements will vary according to the condition of the property, the
facility you choose and market conditions.
7. Landscaping costs will vary by site and facility type.
8. The low range equipment costs include BURGER KING Restaurant equipment only. For a Big-Box
retail Restaurant the low range is only for equipment needed to serve a limited menu. You must
purchase or lease all required pieces of equipment. You must purchase major restaurant equipment
through our approved kitchen equipment suppliers, or, in some cases, directly from the approved
manufacturer. These estimates also include a sound system and security system that you must purchase
directly from the manufacturer or from a distributor. Local ordinances affecting smoke and odor
emission may result in special types of equipment that may affect the total price.
9. You must purchase your decor package from our approved suppliers. Costs will vary depending upon
the number of seats and the mix of tables, chairs, and booths. Outdoor seating is optional and if
approved by us, it may increase your costs between $5,000 and $18,000, depending upon the type of
Restaurant facility. Décor must be in compliance with our current standards.
10. Signage and drive-thru costs include BURGER KING signage, menu boards, and Drive-Thru Package
components where applicable (preview menu boards, order confirmation unit, and duplex sound
system). The Double Drive Thru is required for all facility types except food courts, in-lines, indoor
MRS and Big Box Retail facilities. A Double Drive Thru may increase your remodel costs between
$80,000 and $120,000. You must install indoor and outdoor signage when applicable. You must
purchase signs and digital menu boards from our approved suppliers. Costs will vary by site and facility
type. Certain enhancements to signage and to the drive-thru package are optional.
11. You will incur pre-opening labor expenses for salaried and hourly workers. These expenses will vary
by geography, market conditions and facility type. The estimate provided assumes that restaurant
managers will be paid for 3 months before opening, shift coordinators will be paid for 10 weeks at 40

Item 7
03/2026

Page 46

