principles consistently applied (except as noted) and fairly present the financial
condition of the Lessee or each Guarantor at the date thereof and for the periods
covered thereby.
(v)

If requested by Lessor, the balance sheets and financial statements referred to in
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be certified by a Certified Public Accountant.

(b)

Release of Financial Information. Lessee and Guarantors give permission to Lessor to
release to Lessor’s landlord, lenders or prospective landlord or lenders and/or any
prospective purchaser of all or part of Lessor’s interest in the Premises and/or the Lease,
any financial and operational information relating to Lessee, Guarantors and/or the
business operated at the Premises.

(c)

Records and Audit. Lessee agrees to keep true, accurate and complete records of the
business conducted at the Premises in such form as Lessor now or hereafter may require.
Lessee shall retain for a period of at least twenty-four (24) months and upon request submit
to Lessor copies of all state sales tax returns and all supporting data and records relating
to sales made from the business operated at the Premises and such other records as
Lessor may reasonably request from time to time. Lessee agrees that Lessor or its
representatives, at Lessor’s expense, shall at all reasonable times have the right to
examine or audit the books, records, state sales tax returns or accounts of Lessee. Lessor
shall similarly have the right to examine or audit the books, records, state sales tax returns
or accounts of any and all Guarantors. In the event the audit discloses an understatement
of Gross Sales for any period or periods, Lessee shall, within fifteen (15) days after the
receipt of the audit report, pay Lessor the Percentage Rental of the amount of each
understatement plus the monthly administrative fee in Section 3.6 of this Lease from the
date such payments were originally due. Additionally, if this audit discloses an
understatement of Gross Sales which exceeds two percent (2%) for any period or periods,
Lessee shall, within fifteen (15) days after receipt of the audit report, reimburse Lessor for
all costs of the audit including travel, lodging and wages, reasonably incurred, and Lessor
may terminate this Lease upon five (5) days’ notice to Lessee unless the understatement
was due to inadvertent clerical error. In the event the audit discloses an overstatement of
Gross Sales for any period or periods, any excess payment paid shall be allowed as a
credit to Lessee on the rental payment next accruing under the Lease. The acceptance by
the Lessor of payment of any Percentage Rental is without prejudice to Lessor’s right to
audit the books and records of Gross Sales and other papers required to be kept
hereunder.

§3.4 ADDITIONAL CHARGES. Lessee and Lessor agree that the Rent accruing under this Lease shall
be net to Lessor and that all Charges (as hereinafter defined), taxes, costs, common area maintenance
fees, expenses and charges of every kind and nature (“Additional Charges”) relating to the Premises
(except the taxes of Lessor referred to in Section 7.3 and any payments for interest or principal under any
mortgage relating to the Premises) which may arise or become due during the Term or any extension of
this Lease, shall be paid by Lessee, and that Lessee shall indemnify and save harmless Lessor from and
against them. All Additional Charges which Lessee assumes or agrees to pay under any provisions of this
Lease, together with all interest and penalties that may accrue on these Additional Charges in the event
Lessee fails to pay them, as well as all other damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal and court costs which Lessor may incur in enforcing this Lease,
and any and all other sums which may become due by reason of Lessee’s default or failure to comply with
its obligations under this Lease, shall be deemed to be “Additional Rent.” In the event of non-payment,
Lessor shall have all the rights and remedies as provided in the case of non-payment of Rent.
§3.5 ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF PAYMENT. Lessor or its assigns, mortgagee or designated agent,
may, at its/their option, require payment of (i) the Rent and/or (ii) the monthly escrow sums described in
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
4

