7(b), notwithstanding that Franchisee may have cast all or some of its votes in the Continuation Survey
against the Continuation Proposal.

8.

Use of FTF Funds; Marketing Advisory Council Review.

(a)
BKC will use the BKC Investment and the Incremental Contribution (collectively, the
“FTF Funds”) solely to pay for television media advertising expenses in the Ad Fund. BKC shall not use
or expend the FTF Funds for purposes of any general and administrative expenses, digital development
costs, or agency fees (other than such agency fees incurred by BKC for the buying and placing of advertising
on television media). For the avoidance of doubt, the portion of the Advertising Contributions paid by
Franchisee during the Term attributable to the Legacy Rate shall not be subject to the restrictions set forth
in this Section 8(a).
(b)
BKC will establish a representative sub-committee of Marketing Advisory Council (MAC)
members to review all Ad Fund spending twice per calendar year during the Term. Following each review,
BKC will prepare a summary of Ad Fund spending for MAC review and will subsequently provide an
abridged version of such summary to Owners through a posting on the BK Gateway or successor electronic
intranet site then utilized by BKC to provide information to Owners.
9.

Participating Restaurants.

(a)
As used in this Agreement, “Participating Restaurants” shall mean (i) Franchisee’s
existing BURGER KING® restaurants listed on Schedule 1 attached to this Agreement, (ii) any new
BURGER KING® restaurants opened by Franchisee during the Term (“New Restaurants”), and (iii) any
BURGER KING® restaurants acquired by Franchisee during the Term (“Acquired Restaurants”).
(b)
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees, that upon the opening of any New Restaurant or
acquisition of any Acquired Restaurant during the Term, Franchisee shall enter into a Co-Investment
Agreement in the form of this Agreement with respect to each such New Restaurant or Acquired Restaurant,
as the case may be, concurrently with the execution of the Franchise Agreement for such New Restaurant
or Acquired Restaurant, as the case may be.
(c)
If Franchisee desires to transfer Franchisee’s interest in any Participating Restaurant during
the Term, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that a condition to any such transfer shall be the party or
parties acquiring such interest in the Participating Restaurant (collectively, the “Transferee”) agreeing to
participate in the Ad Fund FTF Program with respect to such Participating Restaurant. In furtherance of
the foregoing, the Transferee shall enter into a Co-Investment Agreement in the form of this Agreement
with respect to each Participating Restaurant being acquired by the Transferee concurrently with the
execution by Transferee of the Franchise Agreement for such Participating Restaurant. Franchisee agrees
that BKC may withhold its consent to any transfer of Franchisee’s interest in any Participating Restaurant
if the proposed Transferee does not enter into a Co-Investment Agreement in the form of this Agreement
with respect to each Participating Restaurant acquired by the Transferee.
(d)
If the Franchise Agreement for any Participating Restaurant expires during the Term of
this Agreement or BKC and Franchisee otherwise agree to enter into a successor Franchise Agreement for
such Participating Restaurant prior to the expiration of the term of such Franchise Agreement, Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that a condition to Franchisee obtaining a successor Franchise Agreement for
such Participating Restaurant shall be Franchisee continuing to participate in the Ad Fund FTF Program
during the successor term of such Participating Restaurant and continuing to pay the FTF Rate during the
FTF Rate Period. Franchisee agrees that BKC may refuse to successor the relevant Franchise Agreement
if Franchisee fails to comply with such condition.
3
BKC “Fuel the Flame” Co-Investment Agreement (2026)
Exhibit Y1 (3/2026)

