situated on or under the Premises prior to the Lease Date, provided Lessee did not cause or exacerbate
the release of any such Hazardous Substance through its negligence or willful misconduct.
XVII.
MISCELLANEOUS
§17.1 ARBITRATION. In the event of arbitration under Section 11.3 of this Lease, the arbitration shall be
held in the Miami Dade County, Florida, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association
requiring the appointment of three (3) arbitrators.
§17.2 NOTICES. Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by this
Lease shall be effective if given in writing and if hand delivered or sent by United States Registered or
Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, with postage prepaid, and addressed directly to Lessor at its
offices at the address set forth on the Key Contract Data Page, and to Lessee at the address set forth on
the Key Contract Data Page, or at such other address as either party shall from time to time designate in
writing. Every notice shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered, or on the second business
day after mailing, if mailed.
§17.3 ADDRESS FOR PAYMENTS. Payments are to be made via BK® ePay, ACH or Wire Transfer
unless otherwise notified in writing by Lessor. If BK® ePay, ACH or Wire Transfer are unavailable at any
time a payment is due, then such payment shall be sent by Regular or Overnight Mail: Global Business
Services – Accounts Receivable, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, 3rd Floor, Miami, FL 33126.
§17.4 CONSTRUCTION. In the event that any of the provisions of this Lease shall by court order be held
invalid or in contravention of any of the laws of the United States or of any state having jurisdiction over the
subject matter or of any dispute arising under it, such invalidation shall not serve to affect the remaining
portion of this Lease. To the extent permitted by the laws of the state where the Premises are located, this
Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
§17.5 SUCCESSORS. This Lease shall bind Lessor and Lessee and their successors, heirs, assigns,
administrators, and legal representatives, as the case may be.
§17.6 RECORDING. Lessee shall upon request of Lessor execute a short form of this Lease on a written
document witnessed and acknowledged in a form capable of being recorded in the public records of the
county where the Premises are located. Lessee shall not record this Lease without prior written consent of
Lessor.
§17.7 COUNTERPARTS. This Lease is being executed simultaneously in counterparts, any one of which
shall be deemed an original.
§17.8 NO AGENCY. The parties hereto agree that the business relationship created by this Lease is solely
that of Lessor and Lessee. Nothing contained in this Lease shall make Lessee an agent, legal
representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venturer or employee of Lessor. Lessee shall have no right or
power to, and shall not bind or obligate Lessor in any way, manner or thing whatsoever, nor represent that
it has any right to do so.
§17.9 TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Time shall be of the essence in every part of this Lease.
§17.10 BINDING EFFECT. This Lease shall become immediately binding on the parties to this Lease on
the date the last party signs it, notwithstanding that the Term of this Lease shall commence upon a future
date.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
25

