any mark confusingly similar, nor shall Franchisee disclose any of BKC's trade secrets. Upon termination
or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee will immediately return to BKC the MOD Manual loaned to
Franchisee, together with all other material containing trade secrets.
(2)
Franchisee grants to BKC, upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, the option to purchase all usable paper goods, containers and printed menus bearing the
BURGER KING Marks at Franchisee's cost, and to purchase the restaurant equipment, furniture, fixtures
and signs at fair market value.
(3)
If the parties do not enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement,
Franchisee agrees to immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, make such removals
or changes in signs and the building as BKC shall request, so as to effectively distinguish the building and
Premises from its former appearance and from any other BURGER KING Restaurant. In the event
Franchisee fails to make the changes, Franchisee consents to BKC entering the building and Premises to
make non-structural changes at Franchisee's expense.
(4)
In the event of termination for any default of Franchisee, any damage
suffered by BKC shall be a lien in favor of BKC against the personal property, machinery, fixtures and
equipment owned by Franchisee on the Premises at the time of default.
(5)
The foregoing shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies of BKC
that exist under statute, regulation or common law.
19.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANT

Franchisee covenants and agrees that during the Term of this Agreement Franchisee will
not own, operate or have any interest in any hamburger business except other franchised BURGER KING
Restaurants. Franchisee further covenants and agrees that for a period of one (1) year after any sale,
assignment, transfer, termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee will not own, operate or have
any interest in any hamburger business, except other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants, either at or
within two (2) miles of the Premises. The restrictive covenant shall remain an individual obligation of each
individual Franchisee under this Agreement, and shall not be effected in any way by the transfer or
assignment of this Agreement to a Corporation or LLC in accordance with Sections 15.D of this Agreement.
20.

RESOLUTION OF DEVELOPMENT DISPUTES

A.

Non-Binding Mediation

BKC and Franchisee agree that they shall attempt to resolve any dispute
(“Development Dispute”) that arises out of a decision by BKC to develop or authorize development of a new
restaurant (“Development Decision”), by negotiation between Franchisee and representatives of BKC who
have authority to settle the Development Dispute. The BKC representative shall be at a higher level of
management than the person with direct responsibility for the initial Development Decision. If the matter
has not been resolved within Thirty (30) days of referral of the Development Dispute to the BKC
representative for negotiation, BKC and Franchisee shall attempt to settle the Development Dispute by nonbinding mediation. The mediation procedure to be followed by the parties shall be set forth in BKC's then
current Procedures for Resolving Development Disputes (the “Procedures”).
B.

Binding Dispute Resolution

The Procedures shall also set forth a binding dispute resolution process which may
be initiated pursuant to the Procedures at the sole election of Franchisee in the event the dispute is not

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
31

