10.
If we have offered you, and you have accepted, the opportunity to franchise one or more
BURGER KING Restaurant(s) we or our affiliate owns under the Crown Your Career Program, we or our
affiliate will sell to you the assets of the BURGER KING Restaurant(s) at a purchase price determined at
the time of the offer. The current form of agreements under the program as of the issuance date of this
disclosure document are included at Exhibits F1 – F3 and Z1 – Z5.
Continuing Obligations
During the ongoing operation of your Restaurant, we will make available certain services, as
described below:
1.
We will provide merchandising, marketing and advertising research data as may be
developed by us and deemed by us to be helpful in the operation of a Restaurant. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec.
6.F). We may designate certain products on the menu as subject to a maximum price set by us. Also, we
may make suggestions as to prices for other products but you are responsible for setting your own prices
for those products.
2.
We will communicate new developments, techniques and improvements of food
preparation, equipment, food products, packaging, services and restaurant management regarding the
operation of a Restaurant. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 6.G)
3.
We will provide the ongoing support we deem reasonably necessary to continue to
communicate and advise you as to the BURGER KING® System. (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 6.H)
Site Selection and Length of Time before Opening
Typically, you will sign a TRA (Target Reservation Agreement) or Multiple Target Reservation
Agreement (MTRA) that identifies one or more Target Areas in which you may search for a site or sites for
development of a new Restaurant(s). A Target Area is an area with clear, describable boundaries. In the
case of an MTRA you will need to get Target Area Clearance from us, clearing all of the Target Areas for
future development. We do not select the site for your Restaurant. You must obtain our approval of a site
by submitting a “Site Approval Package” in a form prescribed by us. The Site Package you prepare must
include information on the factors identified above, a site sketch of the facility, aerial photos, signage,
building placement, access and parking, together with evidence of your ability to obtain property control,
such as a letter of intent or option. A project opening plan may also be required before we will approve a
site. We may require additional information and may also require you to obtain a “Sales Transfer Study”
to help identify areas from which you might draw potential customers. If we propose to develop a
Restaurant in a Target Area that falls within the boundaries described in your TRA/MTRA at a site either
for ourselves or through another Franchisee we will give you the option to develop that Restaurant. If you
do not exercise the option we or the third party can develop the Restaurant at the site and we can terminate
the TRA/MTRA and refund your remaining franchise fee deposit.
We consider the following factors, among other things, in evaluating a proposed site: demographic
characteristics (such as number of households in the neighborhood, average income and family size); traffic
patterns; proximity to existing restaurants, including BURGER KING® Restaurants; and the size and
condition of the proposed premises. You must obtain franchise approval and site approval in writing from
us before you acquire a site. Our acceptance only indicates our willingness to be represented by you at
that site. If your site approval expires and you fail to apply for or obtain re-approval after expiration, we
may terminate the MTRA or TRA and you could forfeit any remaining deposits.

Item 11
03/2026

Page 57

