items at retail to consumers from and through the Franchised Restaurant and shall not sell such items for
redistribution or resale. Franchisee shall adhere to all specifications contained in the MOD Manual or as
otherwise prescribed by BKC as to ingredients, methods of preparation and service, weight and dimensions
of products served, and standards of cleanliness, health and sanitation.
(2)
Franchisee shall notify BKC in writing within twenty-four hours of any
investigation or violation, actual or alleged, concerning any health or sanitary laws or regulations that results
in a failing score from the governmental authority, a closure of the Franchised Restaurant or a threatened
closure of the Franchised Restaurant, or that constitutes a critical food safety violation as set forth in the
MOD Manual (each, a “Food Safety Incident”). Upon the occurrence of any Food Safety Incident,
Franchisee shall take any actions directed by BKC or any governmental authority concerning such
investigation or violation. All food, drink and other items will be served and sold in packaging that meets
BKC's specifications. Only food, supplies, paper products and packaging from sources approved by BKC
shall be used in the Franchised Restaurant.
G.

Hours of Operation

The Franchised Restaurant shall be open for business at a minimum from 6:00
A.M. to 12:00 A.M., Monday through Saturday and 7:00 A.M. to 12:00 A.M. on Sunday, fifty-two (52) weeks
a year, unless otherwise authorized or directed by BKC or unless prohibited by applicable law. The
Franchised Restaurant may be closed on Thanksgiving Day and/or Christmas Day if a majority of the
BURGER KING Restaurants in the market area (DMA) in which the Franchised Restaurant is located elect
to close on the holiday.
H.

Uniforms

All employees shall only wear uniforms of such design and color as are from time
to time specified by BKC.
I.

Advertising and Promotional Materials

Only those advertising and promotional materials or items which are authorized by
BKC in writing prior to use shall be used, sold or distributed, and no display or use of the BURGER KING
Marks shall be made without the prior written approval of BKC. All materials on which the BURGER KING
Marks are used must include the designation ® or such other designation as BKC may specify. Franchisee
must, immediately upon receipt of notice from BKC, remove or discontinue the use, publication, display,
sale and distribution of any advertising or promotional material, slogans, and any material on which the
BURGER KING Marks appear, which BKC has not approved or has ceased to use.
J.

Right of Entry and Inspection

BKC shall have the unrestricted right to enter the Franchised Restaurant to
conduct such activities as it deems necessary to ascertain Franchisee’s compliance with this Agreement.
The inspections may be conducted without prior notice at any time when one of Franchisee’s employees is
at the Franchised Restaurant. The inspections will be performed in a manner which minimizes interference
with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant.
K.

Management of Franchised Restaurant

Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Managing Owner must be approved
by BKC prior to appointment as the Managing Owner, must have successfully completed the Initial Training
and must successfully complete the Continuing Operations Training as required by BKC from time to time
pursuant to Section 8.A of this Agreement. The Managing Owner shall (1) devote full time and best efforts
to the direct supervision of the day to day operations of the Franchised Restaurant and any other BURGER
Franchise Agreement (Entity)
Exhibit D2 (03/2026)
BK#_______
7

