Our advertising program may use, but is not necessarily limited to, television, radio, print, internet,
digital and mobile applications, out-of-home, sponsorships, interactive and point-of-purchase materials.
Contributions to the Fund, in part, support national, regional and local advertising programs. Our in-house
marketing/advertising department works with national and local advertising, promotional, marketing and
public relations agencies to create and implement advertising and promotional programs prior to use. Other
than advertising generated in connection with the Fund, we have no obligation to conduct advertising.
Franchise Advisory Council
We are obligated to consult on certain issues with the representatives of an independent association
whose membership is comprised of at least 51% of all franchised BURGER KING® Restaurants in the U.S.
(the “Franchisee Association”). The only Franchisee Association that currently meets these qualifications
is the National Franchisee Association, an association of BURGER KING® Franchisees (the “NFA”). The
representatives of the NFA are referred to as the Franchise Advisory Council or “FAC”. Any BURGER
KING® franchisee in the U.S. can become a member of the NFA. NFA members select who will be their
representative on the FAC. We must periodically consult with the FAC. We do not have the power to
change or dissolve the FAC. The FAC serves in an advisory capacity and has no final decision-making
authority over marketing policies and/or advertising and promotional programs. We determine, in our sole
discretion, which policies and programs to implement. Periodically, but at least once a year, we must meet
with the FAC to discuss and attempt to establish the types of media to be used by us and the percentage of
the total annual advertising contribution to expend on media. If we and the FAC are unable to agree, we
have the absolute right, in our sole discretion, to establish the amounts spent on media and the types of
media; however, under the Franchise Agreement, we must spend no less than 65% of annual advertising
contributions on working media. By signing the Franchise Agreement, you agree and authorize us to
consult with and consider the advice of the FAC on certain issues, including the current image of
Restaurants, marketing, advertising and training. The FAC has the right to audit the Fund annually.
We also periodically consult with NFA Councils, including its Marketing Council. The NFA
Councils serve in an advisory capacity and have no operational or decision-making power. In the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025, percentages of expenditures of the Fund were as follows:
Consolidated % of Expenditures
Working Media*
Production
Agency Fees
Other Expenses (including market research, public relations,
brand delivery and/or competitive positioning program, and
promotion development)

Fiscal 2025
80.0%
3.3%
6.9%
9.8%

100.00% (rounded)
*Expenses that are incurred for activities beyond the restaurant level that have direct consumer
reach/impact.
The Fund reimburses us for costs we incur in providing administrative support for certain marketing
functions, including, the development, implementation and conduct of research for marketing, marketing
finance, advertising, promotions, marketing and public relations activities, reimbursement of expenses for
overhead related to marketing, such as rent and computer systems and other expenses and the cost of internal
personnel who primarily work in these areas. We and our affiliates do not receive any other payments for
goods and services provided to the Fund. We do not use any money from the Fund for advertising that is
primarily aimed at the sale of franchises.
Item 11
03/2026

Page 63

