Franchise Agreement
Your Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate your Restaurant at a specific location
only. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you or imply any type of area or territory, exclusive,
protected or otherwise, or protected customer base. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may
face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution
or competitive brands that we control.
Alternative Distribution Channels
We and our affiliates reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet or
other direct marketing, to make sales within any territory granted to a franchisee, whether the sales are
made under our marks, or otherwise, and to sell and license others to sell similar goods and services under
our marks or otherwise. We have no obligation to pay any compensation to a franchisee for soliciting or
accepting orders from inside a franchisee’s territory. If we grant you a territory we may impose restrictions
on you from soliciting or accepting orders from consumers outside that territory. For example, we must
approve all of your advertising. We can also place restrictions on your ability to make sales using other
channels of distribution, such as the Internet, whether in or outside of any territory we grant to you. For
example, you may not use any of our marks on any website, or other social media or as part of a domain
name or other electronic mail address.
Tim Hortons, Popeyes Restaurants and Firehouse Subs
As explained in Item 1, our affiliates THUSA, TDL, TH APAC and TH International franchise the
operation of and/or operate Tim Hortons® restaurants; our affiliates PLK, PLK APAC and PLK Europe
franchise the operation of and/or operate Popeyes® restaurants; and our affiliates FOA, FRG, Firehouse
Canada, Firehouse Europe and Firehouse APAC franchise the operation of and operate Firehouse Subs®
restaurants. The principal business address of these affiliates is below:

AFFILIATE

ADDRESS

THUSA
PLK

5707 Blue Lagoon Drive
Miami, Florida 33126

FOA
FRG

4600 Touchton Road
Suite 300 and Suite 400
Jacksonville, FL 32246

TH International

Dammstrasse 23, 6300
Zug, Switzerland

PLK Europe
Firehouse Europe
TH APAC
PLK APAC
Firehouse APAC

8 Cross Street
Manulife Tower, #28-01
Singapore 048424

TDL
Firehouse Canada

130 King Street West, Suite 300
Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1, Canada

Item 12
03/2026

Page 66

