under the Franchise Agreement within the applicable period set forth in the Franchise Agreement,
BKC may, in its sole discretion, (A) terminate any or all Crown Your Career Agreements and all
post-termination obligations of said agreements shall apply; (B) declare the Promissory Note (if
any) immediately due and payable upon notice to Franchisee, and/or (C) exercise any of its rights
and remedies under any or all of the Crown Your Career Agreements including rights and remedies
arising from the default and termination of any or all of the Crown Your Career Agreements.
6.

RIGHT TO PURCHASE. Section 18.B.2 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced by the following:
(2)
Franchisee grants to BKC, upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, the option to purchase all or part of the usable paper goods, containers and
printed menus bearing the BURGER KING Marks at Franchisee’s cost, and to purchase
all or part of the Franchised Restaurant business equipment, furniture, fixtures and signs
at a purchase price in the amount of [__________].1 If any mortgage, charge, security
interest, lien or encumbrance exists on any item purchased pursuant to this Section, BKC
shall have the right to pay the amount of such mortgage, charge, security interest, lien or
encumbrance directly to the creditor and deduct such payment from the amount due to
Franchisee for the purchase price. If BKC elects to exercise any option to purchase herein
provided, closing shall take place within fifteen (15) days of notice of termination from BKC.
BKC shall have the right to set off all amounts due from Franchisee against the purchase
price of such items. In the event that the amount required to discharge creditors’ liens
exceeds the purchase price, Franchisee shall be liable for, and promptly pay to BKC, the
difference between the purchase price and the amount paid by BKC to creditors.

7.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANT; GUARANTY OF OBLIGATIONS. The following is hereby added to
the end of Section 19 of the Franchise Agreement:
The spouse of the Operating Partner shall, jointly and severally with each individual
Franchisee under this Agreement, guarantee Franchisee’s payment and performance
under this Agreement and also shall bind themselves to the terms of this Agreement
pursuant to a Guaranty in a form prescribed by BKC. BKC reserves the right to require
any guarantor to provide personal financial statements to BKC from time to time.

8.

RELEASE. In consideration for the execution by BKC of the Franchise Agreement, this Addendum,
the Lease and the Crown Your Career Agreements, Franchisee hereby unconditionally releases,
remises, and forever discharges BKC and its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, counsel,
insurers, successors, assigns, employees, officers, directors, and agents, past or present
(“Released Parties”) from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action, demands,
damages, costs, suits, debts, covenants, controversies, attorneys’ fees, and any other charges,
whether known or unknown, liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed,
undisputed, legal or equitable, which Franchisee may have against Released Parties due to any
matter, cause, or circumstance whatsoever from the beginning of the world through the effective
date of this Addendum; provided, however, that this release shall in no way release BKC from
future obligations to Franchisee arising after the effective date of this Addendum under any existing
franchise agreement or other agreements. Franchisee further represents and warrants that it has
not assigned any of the matters hereinabove released to any other party, and shall indemnify
Released Parties against any claim that such an assignment exists (including any attorneys’ fees
incurred by any of Released Parties in defending against such claim or in enforcing this
indemnification). [**Include the following for franchisees located in California: FRANCHISEE,

1

The purchase price will be agreed to by BKC and Franchisee on or prior to the execution of the
Franchise Agreement and this Addendum.

Crown Your Career Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit Z3 (03/2026)
BK #_________
3

