Status

Serial /
Registration
Number

Application /
Registration Date

KING JR

Registered

Reg. 5392316

Reg. 01/30/2018

WHOPPER

Registered

Reg. 3736973

Reg. 01/12/2010

Trademark/Service Mark

You must follow our rules when you use these trademarks. You cannot use the trademarks as part
of a corporate, limited liability company or partnership name or with modifying words, designs or symbols.
You may not use the trademarks in connection with the sale of any unauthorized products or services or in
any manner not authorized in writing by us.
There are no currently effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board, the Trademark Administrator of any state or any court relating to the principal trademarks.
There are no pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings or material litigation involving
the principal trademarks. Under a final decree in a lawsuit with a prior user of the name “BURGER KING,”
the mark "BURGER KING" may not be used by us within a 20-mile radius of Mattoon, Illinois. Other than
this decree, there are no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license the
use of the principal trademarks in any manner material to you. We do not know of any superior prior rights
or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the principal trademarks in any state.
You must promptly notify us of any suspected infringement of or challenge to our trademarks. We
have sole discretion in deciding what action, if any, should be taken and the sole right to control any
administrative proceedings or litigation involving our trademarks and will decide whether to pursue any
suspected infringer. If we defend or commence litigation relating to the trademarks, you must sign
documents and do what our counsel believes is necessary to carry out the defense or prosecution. Unless
the litigation arises as a result of your use of the trademarks in a manner inconsistent with the Franchise
Agreement, we will reimburse you for your out-of-pocket costs in doing these things (except that you will
still bear the salary costs of your employees and any of your attorneys). Otherwise, we are not obligated
by the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement, to defend the rights granted to you to use the
trademarks or to defend you against claims of infringement or unfair competition. Nevertheless, it is
ordinarily in our best interest to do so.
If local laws or ordinances require that you file an affidavit of doing business under an assumed
name or otherwise make a filing indicating that “Burger King” is being used as a fictitious or assumed
name, you must include in that filing or application for use that the same is made “as a franchisee of Burger
King Company LLC, Miami, Florida”.
If we find it necessary to modify or discontinue the use of a particular trademark as a result of
litigation, or if we develop additional trademarks, or otherwise substitute trademarks for use in identifying
the System and the Restaurants operating under the System, you must immediately use the new marks in
place of the old marks upon receipt of our notice to do so. We have no obligation to reimburse you for any
expenses resulting from a change.
Upon termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, your right to use our marks will
terminate and you may not thereafter identify yourself as a BURGER KING Franchisee or publicly identify
yourself as a former “Burger King” Franchisee or use or disclose any of our trade secrets, promotional
materials, marks or any mark confusingly similar.

Item 13
03/2026

Page 69

