4.
Post-Inspections. Franchisee shall notify BKC in writing of each completed RTF2 Remodel by sending
notice to BKC’s construction manager or development lead responsible for the respective Remodel Restaurant at
which such RTF2 Remodel was completed and simultaneously sending such notice to the addresses for BKC set
forth in Section 11(d). Such notification must be received by BKC within ten (10) days following completion of the
RTF2 Remodel, but not later than the applicable Remodel Deadline , and must include as attachments or
enclosures therewith all of the Close-out Documents (as defined below). BKC shall then schedule a final walkthrough inspection of the applicable Remodel Restaurant to determine whether the RTF2 Remodel has been
Completed.
5.
Fees; Incentives. As a condition to receiving any incentives for any Remodel Restaurant through the
Program, including the payment of the Franchisor Contribution (as hereinafter defined) and the Lessor Contribution
(as hereinafter defined), Franchisee shall have (i) Completed the RTF2 Remodel of that Remodel Restaurant by
the applicable Remodel Deadline, (ii) executed and returned to BKC by no later than ten (10) days after receipt
from BKC, the following documents (collectively, the “RTF2 Agreements”): a successor franchise agreement in
the form of the standard “Franchise Agreement” disclosed in BKC’s then current Franchise Disclosure
Document, together with any addenda thereto, and any other required items as may be determined by BKC, and
(iii) paid the successor franchise fee for that Remodel Restaurant at the time BKC specifies. Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that the RTF2 Agreements for each Remodel Restaurant will require Franchisee to
purchase additional year(s) on the term of its franchise for that Remodel Restaurant, as described in Section 5(a),
and pay successor franchise fees in order to receive the incentives. Subject to Franchisee’s compliance with the
foregoing requirements, the incentives and terms and conditions for each Remodel Restaurant shall be as follows:
(a)
Franchise Fees. The franchise fee for each Remodel Restaurant shall equal two thousand five
hundred dollars ($2,500.00) per year for each additional year purchased by Franchisee in the RTF2
Agreements, rounded up to the whole year. Under the RTF2 Agreements, Franchisee shall purchase a
number of additional years of term for the Remodel Restaurant such that the total number of years (inclusive
of the original term remaining on the Franchise Agreement and the additional years purchased in the RTF2
Agreements) are equal to (i) twenty (20) years from and after the applicable Remodel Deadline or (ii) such
lesser number of years for which Franchisee is able to obtain a lease for the premises wherein the Remodel
Restaurant is located (provided, however, that should this period be less than twenty (20) years, the amount
of the Franchisor Contribution and the Lessor Contribution that would otherwise be provided to Franchisee
pursuant to Section 5(b) below shall be reduced on a pro rata basis proportionate to the difference between
such lesser period and twenty (20) years). [DELETE THIS SENTENCE FOR ANY AGREEMENT IN
CONNECTION WITH A REFRANCHISING –**BKC may require Franchisee to furnish a “DTL Property
Certification Form” to confirm Franchisee’s ownership, lease, or control of the premises for such period. **]
(b)
Incentives. Subject to Franchisee’s satisfaction of the terms and conditions of this Program
Agreement by all applicable deadlines, with time being of the essence, BKC will provide Franchisee with
the following incentives with respect to Completed RTF2 Remodels of the Remodel Restaurants, as follows:
(i)
Impact of Franchisee FSS Grade on Amount of Contribution. BKC evaluates
franchisees’ operational performance using a system known as the “Franchise Success System”,
as may be modified by BKC from time to time (“FSS”) pursuant to which each franchisee currently
earns a letter grade of “A”, “B”, “D”, or “F” based on such franchisee’s operational performance (the
“Franchisee FSS Grade”). Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the average of all
Franchisee FSS Grades received by Franchisee in the twelve-month period preceding BKC’s
issuance of an “Individual Restaurant Contribution Addendum” (as hereinafter defined) for a
Remodel Restaurant (each such average, an “FSS Remodel Grade”) shall be determinative of
whether Franchisee shall be eligible to receive a Franchisor Contribution and Lessor Contribution
for the Completion of the RTF2 Remodel of such Remodel Restaurant.
(ii)
Contribution Addendum. If a numerical percentage “Royalty Rate” is set forth in the table
in Section 1 above with respect to a Remodel Restaurant, then such percentage shall be deemed
to be the Royalty Rate (as defined in Section 5(b)(ii)(A) below) for all purposes under this Program
Agreement and under the RTF2 Agreements with respect to such Remodel Restaurant. If no
numerical percentage “Royalty Rate” is set forth in the table in Section 1 above with respect to a
Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement
Exhibit X1 (03/2026)

3

