XVIII.
LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE
18.1
LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE. An additional §18 entitled "Leasehold Mortgage" shall be added to
the Lease as follows:
“§18.1 LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE - GENERALLY. Lessee shall have the right to execute and
deliver to a Leasehold Mortgagee a Leasehold Mortgage in the Leasehold Improvements provided
that the following conditions are satisfied:
(a) The proceeds of the promissory note secured by the Leasehold Mortgage are used
exclusively for the construction of the BURGER KING Restaurant and other leasehold
improvements located on the Premises;
(b) Lessor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to elect to cure any default by Lessee
under the Leasehold Mortgage.
(c) Lessor shall not in any way act as guarantor of payment or performance of the
Leasehold Mortgage or any promissory note executed in connection therewith.
(d) Lessor's fee or leasehold title to the Premises, as the case may be, shall not be
subordinated to any Leasehold Mortgage.
(e) The Leasehold Mortgage shall be for a term of years which is no longer than one (1)
year less than the term of the Lease and it shall not contain any future advance clauses.
(f) All terms and conditions of the Leasehold Mortgage and all related documentation are
to be approved by Lessor in advance of the execution of those instruments.
(g) Any Leasehold Mortgage obtained by Lessee and approved by Lessor shall include
the provisions of Section §18.2 and §18.3 below.
(h) At no time shall the principal plus accrued interest and other charges due under the
Leasehold Mortgage and related documents exceed the actual cost of constructing the leasehold
improvements.
(i) Any and all restaurant equipment or other personalty of Lessee located in the building
on the Premises shall not be included as collateral under the Leasehold Mortgage.
§18.2 NOTICES - LEASEHOLD MORTGAGEE. Lessee shall require its Leasehold Mortgagee
to notify Lessor of the execution of any permitted Leasehold Mortgage. The written notice shall
include the name and place for service of notices upon such Leasehold Mortgagee. Additionally,
Lessee shall require its Leasehold Mortgagee to acknowledge that it will give to Lessor,
simultaneously with service on Lessee, a duplicate of any and all notices or demands given by
Leasehold Mortgagee to Lessee of any failure of Lessee to perform any of its obligations under its
Leasehold Mortgage where such failure is considered an event of Default under the Leasehold
Mortgage. Conversely, Lessor agrees to give the Leasehold Mortgagee, simultaneously with
service on Lessee, a duplicate of any and all notices or demands given by Lessor to Lessee of any
matter listed as an event of Default in the Lease.
§18.3 LEASEHOLD MORTGAGE - DEFAULT. The following provisions shall be incorporated
into the appropriate Leasehold Mortgage documentation:

BKG Addendum to BKL Lease
Exhibit G2 (03/2026)
4

