imposed on BKC by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law. BKC and the other indemnitees shall, in all
instances, have the right to be represented by counsel of its/their own choosing, at Franchisee's expense,
and to participate in the defense of any such claim.
F.

Defense of Claims

BKC shall notify Franchisee of any claims, and Franchisee shall be given the
opportunity to assume the defense of the matter; however, BKC shall have the right to participate in the
defense of any claim or action against it which is assumed by Franchisee, at BKC's own cost and expense.
If Franchisee fails to assume the defense of any claim covered by the indemnification provisions of
Section 13.E., BKC may defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Franchisee shall pay
to BKC all costs, including attorneys' fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense, in addition to any
sum which BKC may pay by reason of any settlement or judgment against BKC. No settlement of any claim
against BKC shall be made by Franchisee which is in excess of the amount of insurance referred to in
Section 13.B or which would subject BKC to liability in any amount not covered by such insurance without
the prior written consent of BKC.
If the indemnifiable claim involves multiple franchisees and BKC
reasonably determines that consolidation of all such claims would be in the best interests of BKC and the
affected franchisees, including Franchisee (in which case any liability of Franchisee hereunder would be
on a pro rata basis), BKC shall have the right to defend the claim, action or demand by appropriate
proceedings with sole power to direct and control such defense with respect to BKC, and Franchisee shall
pay to BKC a pro rata share of all costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by BKC in effecting
such defense and any subsequent legal appeal, in addition to any sums which BKC may pay by reason of
any settlement or judgment against BKC.
14.

TAXES

Franchisee shall pay when due all Taxes levied or assessed in connection with the
possession, ownership or operation of the Franchised Restaurant or in connection with amounts paid or
received under this Agreement, including any Indirect Tax (other than any Tax that is measured by or
related to the net income of BKC or to its corporate status in a state). If any such Tax shall be paid by BKC,
Franchisee shall promptly reimburse BKC the amount paid. In the event of any bona fide dispute as to the
liability for a Tax assessed against Franchisee, Franchisee may contest the validity or the amount of the
Tax in accordance with procedures of the Tax Authority. Franchisee shall not permit a tax sale or seizure
against the Franchised Restaurant or equipment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein, the amount of all fees payable
pursuant to this Agreement by the Franchisee do not include Indirect Tax and, in the event Indirect Tax
applies on the fees payable pursuant to this Agreement, Franchisee will be responsible for such Indirect
Tax either (i) through payment of the Indirect Tax to BKC or (ii) if Franchisee is required by law to deduct
and pay the applicable Indirect Tax to the relevant Tax Authority, Franchisee will gross up the fees by the
applicable Indirect Tax and remit payment of the applicable Indirect Tax amount to the relevant Tax
Authority, without any deduction from fees payable under this Agreement. If there is an exemption in the
territory of the Franchised Restaurant for the application of Indirect Taxes to any payments made by
Franchisee to BKC or its designee, Franchisee will cooperate in good faith with BKC and take all reasonable
steps necessary to ensure that BKC or its designee will be eligible for such exemption, including by applying
for the exemption with the applicable Tax Authority.
15.

ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER: CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS

A.
This Agreement and the franchise grant are personal to Franchisee, and
Franchisee shall not sell, assign or transfer this Agreement or any right or ownership interest in the franchise
granted, nor permit any such assignment or transfer to occur directly, indirectly or contingently by
agreement or operation of law without the prior written consent of an authorized officer of BKC.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
17

