(b) together, collectively, the “Obligations”). Each of the Principals shall pay all sums due under this
Section 11.1, and take or cause to be taken all steps necessary to remedy a non-monetary breach of this
Agreement, within 14 days of receipt of a demand specifying the breach or non-performance on the part of
Developer. The liability of the Principals is primary, direct and unconditional, and BKC shall be under no
obligation to take any steps or commence any proceedings against Developer before enforcing any of its
rights under this Article XI against one or more of the Principals. The Principals waive any right they might
otherwise have to be given notice of any breach or non-performance except as part of a demand made
under this Section 11.1.
11.2

The guarantee contained in Section 11.1:

11.2.1 Shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any intermediate satisfaction of any
such matters and notwithstanding any suspension of proceedings, receivership, liquidation or any similar
proceedings with regard to Developer;
11.2.2 Shall remain valid and enforceable notwithstanding any time or indulgence given to
Developer, and/or any waiver of its rights by BKC and/or any settlement agreed between BKC and any
such Person including in the framework of a court approved creditors’ arrangement; and
11.2.3 Shall not be impaired by any modification, supplement, extension or amendment of this
Agreement, the Developer Franchise Agreements or any of the Obligations, nor by any modification,
release or other alteration of any of the Obligations under this Agreement, nor by any agreements or
arrangements whatever with Developer, the Principals or anyone else.
11.3
As between BKC and the Principals and each of them, all sums due now and in the future to the
Principals or any of them from Developer shall be subordinated to any sums owing from Developer to BKC.
11.4
The Principals hereby represent and warrant to BKC (and it is a condition of this Agreement) that
the guarantees and other undertakings given by each of them in this Agreement are binding upon the
Principals in accordance with their terms.
11.5
BKC shall be entitled in its sole discretion to request from any Principal partial or full performance,
but all Principals shall remain bound until the whole Claim (as hereinafter defined) is satisfied.
11.6
Without limitation of any other provision of this Agreement, each of the Principals shall observe the
covenants in this Agreement relating to Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant (Article VII) and
Assignment and Transfer (Article VIII) and the restrictive covenants in the Developer Franchise Agreement,
as if they were Developer.
11.7
As a separate and principal obligation, each Principal shall indemnify BKC against any Claim,
damage, liability, cost, charge, expense, or payment suffered, paid or incurred by BKC in connection with
any default or delay by Developer in the due and punctual performance of its obligations under this
Agreement or any Developer Franchise Agreement.
ARTICLE XII: SEVERABILITY
If any of the provisions of this Agreement may be construed in more than one way, one or more of which
would render the provision illegal or otherwise void, voidable or unenforceable, and one of which would
render the provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall have the meaning which renders it valid
and enforceable. This Agreement shall be construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly against
any Party. If any court or other government authority determines that any provision is not enforceable as
written, the Parties agree that the provision shall be amended so that it is enforceable to the fullest extent
permissible under the laws and public policies of the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought and affords
the Parties the same basic rights and obligations and has the same economic effect. If any provision is
held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such findings shall not invalidate the remainder of this Agreement.
16
Burger King Development Agreement
Exhibit M (03/2026)

