Table of Contents
In certain instances, we provide incentives to franchisees in connection with restaurant renovations or other initiatives. These
incentives may consist of cash consideration or non-cash consideration such as restaurant equipment. In general, these incentives are
designed to support system-wide sales growth to increase our future revenues. The costs of these incentives are capitalized and
amortized as a reduction in franchise and property revenue over the term of the contract to which the incentive relates.
Advertising revenues and other services
Advertising revenues consist primarily of franchisee contributions to advertising funds in those markets where our subsidiaries
manage an advertising fund and are calculated as a percentage of franchised restaurant sales over the term of the franchise agreement.
Under our franchise agreements, advertising contributions received from franchisees must be spent on advertising, product
development, marketing, and related activities. We determined our advertising and promotion management services do not represent
individually distinct performance obligations and are included in the Franchise PO.
Other services revenues consist primarily of tech fees and revenues, that vary by market, and partially offset expenses related to
technology initiatives. These services are distinct from the Franchise PO because they are not dependent upon the franchise license or
highly interrelated with the franchise license.
Supply Chain Cost of Sales
Cost of sales consists primarily of costs associated with the management of our Tim Hortons supply chain, including cost of
goods, direct labor, depreciation, bad debt expense (recoveries) from supply chain sales and cost of products sold to retailers.
Company Restaurant Expenses
Company restaurant expenses include food, beverage and packaging costs, restaurant wages and related expenses and restaurant
occupancy and other expenses.
Franchise and Property Expenses
Franchise and property expenses consist primarily of depreciation of properties leased to franchisees, rental expense associated
with properties subleased to franchisees, amortization of franchise agreements and reacquired franchise rights, and bad debt expense
(recoveries) from franchise and property revenues.
Advertising Expenses and Other Services
Advertising expenses and other services consist primarily of expenses relating to marketing, advertising, promotion, and
technology initiatives for the respective brands, bad debt expense (recoveries) from franchisee contributions to advertising funds we
manage, depreciation and amortization and other related support functions for the respective brands. Additionally, we may incur
discretionary expenses to fund advertising programs in connection with periodic initiatives.
Company restaurants and franchised restaurants contribute to advertising funds that our subsidiaries manage in the United States
and Canada and certain other international markets. The advertising funds expense the production costs of advertising when the
advertisements are first aired or displayed. All other advertising and promotional costs are expensed in the period incurred. The
advertising contributions by Company restaurants are eliminated in consolidation. Consolidated advertising expense totaled $1,292
million, $1,268 million and $1,201 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Deferred Financing Costs
Deferred financing costs are amortized over the term of the related debt agreement into interest expense using the effective
interest method.
Income Taxes
Amounts in the Financial Statements related to income taxes are calculated using the principles of Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 740, Income Taxes. Under these principles, deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the impact of
temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
recognized for tax purposes, as well as tax credit carry-forwards and loss carry-forwards. These deferred taxes are measured by
applying currently enacted tax rates. A deferred tax asset is recognized when it is considered more-likely-than-not to be realized. The
effects of changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income in the year in which the law is enacted. A
valuation allowance reduces deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized.

16

