6.

Adding the following information to Item 17 (k), (l) and (m) of the FDD:
In connection with a transfer, you must sign a release of any claims you may
have against Burger King Company LLC. However, the release will not apply to
any claim you may have under the Minnesota Franchise Act or its implementing
Rules and Regulations.

7.

Adding the following information to Item 17 (u), (v) and (w) of the FDD:
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(J) states that it is unfair and inequitable for a
franchisor to require a franchisee to waive his rights to any forum provided for
by the laws of the jurisdiction, except that this shall not bar an exclusive
arbitration clause. Accordingly, with respect to franchises governed by
Minnesota law, any provision in a Franchise Agreement or Development
Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of
Minnesota is unenforceable as to any cause of action which otherwise is
enforceable in the courts of the State of Minnesota, provided that this shall not
bar an exclusive arbitration clause.

8.

BKC is prohibited from requiring you to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver that
would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.01-80C.22, provided
that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes. The following language
amends the Governing Law Jurisdiction and Venue and Choice of Forums Sections of the FDD:
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(J) prohibit BKC from
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury
trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or
judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or
agreement(s) can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minn.
Stat. Chap. 80C or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for
by the laws of the jurisdiction.

9.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

Each provision of this Addendum is effective only to the extent, concerning such provision, that the
jurisdictional requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Law are met independently without reference to
this Addendum.

State of Minnesota Addendum
Exhibit P (03/2026)

