regulations of the United States and the state, city or other political subdivision in which the Franchised
Restaurant is located.
D.

Severability

BKC and Franchisee agree that if any provision of this Agreement may be
construed in two ways, one of which would render the provision illegal or otherwise voidable or
unenforceable and the other of which would render the provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall
have the meaning which renders it valid and enforceable. The language of all provisions of this Agreement
shall be construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly against BKC or Franchisee. It is the desire
and intent of BKC and Franchisee that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent,
and should any provision be invalid or unenforceable under Florida law, but valid under the laws of the state
where the Franchised Restaurant is located, the provision shall be governed by the law of that state. In the
event any court shall determine that any provision in this Agreement is not enforceable as written, BKC and
Franchisee agree that the provision shall be amended so that it is enforceable to the fullest extent
permissible under the laws of the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. The provisions of this
Agreement are severable and this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid
or unenforceable provisions were not contained in the Agreement, and partially valid and enforceable
provisions shall be enforced to the extent that they are valid and enforceable.
E.

Notices

(1)
All notices to BKC shall be in writing and shall be delivered or sent by
registered or certified mail, postage fully prepaid, addressed to it at its offices at P.O. Box 020783, General
Mail Facility, Miami, Florida 33102-0783, Attention: General Counsel, or at such other address as BKC shall
from time to time designate in writing.
(2)
All notices to Franchisee shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered or
sent by registered or certified mail or telegraph, addressed to Franchisee at the Franchised Restaurant or
Franchisee’s last designated in writing mailing address.
(3)
Notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier of actual receipt or the
third (3rd) day after being deposited in the U.S. Mail.
F.

Liability of Multiple Franchisees

If Franchisee consists of more than one person, each partner's liability and
obligation under this Agreement shall be joint and several.
G.

Modification

This Agreement may only be modified or amended by a written document executed
by BKC and Franchisee.
H.

Binding Effect

This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties, their heirs, executors, personal
representatives, successors or assigns.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
33

