If the Franchised Restaurant participates in the fundraising and charitable efforts
of the Foundation, Franchisee agrees to hold any money raised on behalf of the Foundation (the “Charitable
Funds”) in trust for the benefit of the Foundation until such Charitable Funds are distributed to the
Foundation. Franchisee further agrees that (a) the Charitable Funds are not property of the Franchisee
and (b) it shall not use the Charitable Funds for any purpose whatsoever, other than for turning over such
Charitable Funds to the Foundation.
6.

SERVICES AVAILABLE TO FRANCHISEE

BKC agrees to provide the following services to Franchisee and to use reasonable efforts
to provide them in a manner reasonably designed for the BURGER KING System, including the use of
technology deemed by BKC to be competitive in the quick service restaurant industry. Prior to making
material changes to the content of, and manner by which, the following items or services are delivered to
Franchisee, BKC shall consult with the Franchisee Advisory Council to receive input as to the proposed
change. The content of and manner by which the following services are to be delivered by BKC shall be
within BKC's sole reasonable discretion:
A.
A reproducible copy of either (i) the standard architectural building plans and
specifications for current approved freestanding buildings or double drive-thru buildings, or (ii) such other
standard approved restaurant facility, whichever is applicable. Any modifications of the standard plans and
specifications, whether requested or required by planning and zoning boards, building codes or otherwise,
must be approved in writing by BKC and are to be paid for by Franchisee.
B.
A pre-opening training program conducted at BKC training facilities and certified
BURGER KING Restaurants.
C.
Pre-opening and opening assistance by personnel of BKC at the Franchised
Restaurant for a period of time as BKC deems appropriate under the circumstances. BKC may, in its
reasonable discretion, consider the following factors: the experience of the Franchisee, the type of facility
being operated, whether the assistance is for a new opening or the reopening after a transfer of ownership
of an already operating restaurant, the prior BURGER KING System experience of Franchisee’s
management, the projected volume of the restaurant, as estimated by Franchisee, and any other factors
that BKC deems appropriate for consideration.
D.
Opening promotion program. Franchisee may be eligible for a credit to its account
in exchange for implementing grand opening promotions conducted after the Franchised Restaurant opens,
in accordance with BKC’s policy (if any) at the time of opening. Costs in excess of the amount of the credit
(if any) incurred in implementing the program shall be Franchisee’s responsibility.
E.
BKC’s MOD Manual, in an approved format a copy of which will be loaned to
Franchisee for the Term of this Agreement.
F.
Such merchandising, marketing and advertising research data and advice as may
be developed from time to time by BKC and deemed by it to be helpful in the operation of a BURGER KING
Restaurant.
G.
Communication of new developments, techniques and improvements of BKC in
food preparation, equipment, food products, packaging, service and restaurant management which are
relevant to the operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant.
H.
Such ongoing support as BKC deems reasonably necessary to continue to
communicate and advise Franchisee as to the BURGER KING System including the operation of the
Franchised Restaurant.

Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator)
Exhibit D1 (03/2026)
BK#______
8

