ITEM 1
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “BKC,” “we,” “our,” or “us,” means Burger
King Company LLC, the franchisor of the BURGER KING restaurant franchise system. “You,” “your” or
“Franchisee” means a prospective franchisee, a new franchisee, an existing franchisee, an owner of the
franchise, or the developer under a “Target Reservation Agreement,” a “Multiple Target Reservation
Agreement,” or a “Development Agreement.”
The Franchisor, its Predecessor, Parents and Affiliates
The Franchisor
We were formed as a Florida limited liability company on February 4, 2022. We do business in
the United States, Latin America and Caribbean under our corporate name and the name “Burger King”.
Our principal place of business is 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. We have offered Burger
King franchises since September 2022. At that time we also began operating Burger King restaurants. We
have never offered franchises in another line of business. Our agents for service of process are listed in
Exhibit A1.
In August 2022, substantially all assets and liabilities of Burger King Corporation (“BK
Corporation”), the former franchisor of the Burger King restaurant franchise system, were transferred to us
as part of an internal reorganization of Burger King related entities. In that transaction, we assumed these
assets and liabilities of BK Corporation (the “Internal Reorganization”). Additionally, all franchise related
agreements including all existing franchise agreements, target reservation agreements, multiple target
reservation agreements and development agreements were transferred to us and we became the franchisor
of the BURGER KING restaurant franchise system. The employees and others providing services to Burger
King franchisees were unchanged by the Internal Reorganization.
Our Predecessor
Our predecessor is BK Corporation. BK Corporation was originally founded in 1954 as Burger
King of Miami, Inc. and in 1956 was formally incorporated as South Florida Restaurants, Inc. before
changing its name to “Burger King Corporation” in 1963. BK Corporation had the same principal business
address as we do. It began offering Burger King franchises and operating Burger Restaurants in 1954. It
has never offered franchises in any other line of business although it did offer master franchises outside of
the United States. BK Corporation ceased all of these activities in September 2022 when we became the
franchisor of the BURGER KING restaurant franchise system as a part of the Internal Reorganization
described above. BK Corporation was dissolved in December 2022.
Our Parents
We are a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership,
a limited partnership organized under the laws of Ontario (“RBILP”). The general partner of RBILP is
Restaurant Brands International Inc., a Canadian corporation (“RBI”). The principal place of business of
RBILP is 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1 Canada, and the principal place of
business of RBI is 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126.
3G Restaurant Brands Holdings LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership (“3G Restaurant Brands
Holdings”) owns the largest percentage of the combined voting power of RBI (approximately 22%). 3G
Restaurant Brands Holdings’ general partner is 3G Restaurant Brands Holdings General Partner Ltd., a

Item 1
03/2026

Page 1

