Premises” shall be deemed to have been taken if, in the sole opinion of Lessor, the portion of the Premises
not taken cannot be repaired or reconstructed in such a way that, by using only the amount of the net award
available from the taking, there remains a complete, rentable structure capable of producing a
proportionately fair and reasonable net annual income after payment of all operating expenses, Rent,
Additional Rent and all other Additional Charges payable by Lessee, and after performance by the Lessee
of all its obligations under this Lease.
§11.3 PARTIAL TAKING. In the event of a partial taking (any taking which is not “substantial”), this Lease
shall not terminate, and Lessee shall promptly proceed to restore the remainder of the Building on the Land
(if affected by the taking) to a complete, independent and self-contained architectural unit, usable for the
purposes contemplated by this Lease, and Lessor shall pay to Lessee, subject to the same provisions and
limitations specified herein with respect to insurance proceeds, the cost of restoration, which payment shall
in no event exceed a sum equal to the amount of any separate award made for such restoration. Any
deficiency will be paid by Lessee. Such restoration shall be subject to and shall be performed in accordance
with the provisions of Section 5.3, except that any surety bond shall be in the amount, if any, by which the
estimated cost of the work exceeds said separate award for the restoration. In the event that there is no
separate award for restoration, the amount shall be fixed and settled by mutual agreement or by arbitration
as provided in this Lease.
If this Lease does not terminate as provided in Section 11.2, and the taking results in the loss of parking
spaces, driveways or accesses which are not or cannot be relocated or replaced elsewhere on the
Premises, the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental after the date of taking shall be the lesser of (a) the
Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental payable by Lessee immediately prior to the taking, reduced by 12.5%
of any portion of the award or awards recovered by Lessor which are not applied to the reduction of any
mortgage to which this Lease is subject and subordinate or are not otherwise applied to Lessee’s cost of
demolition, repair and restoration or (b) the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental payable by Lessee
immediately prior to the taking reduced in direct proportion to the area of the Premises taken. For example:
if prior to the taking the area of the Premises is 30,000 square feet and the Guaranteed Minimum Annual
Rental is $100,000.00, upon the taking of 750 square feet, the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental will be
reduced by two and one half percent (2.5%), resulting in a new Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental of
$97,500.00.
§11.4 EASEMENTS. If the taking is (i) of any existing appurtenant easement, or (ii) by easement rather
than by fee, then the Lessee shall not be entitled to any reduction in Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental
unless such taking results in (i) receipt of an award by Lessor and (ii) the deprivation of use of the easement
area by Lessee for parking, driveways or access. In such case, Lessee’s Guaranteed Minimum Annual
Rental shall be reduced in accordance with the calculation for a taking of the fee set forth in Section 11.3
above.
§11.5 LESSEE’S INDEPENDENT AWARD. Nothing in this article shall preclude Lessee from pursuing
any independent action permitted by law or from participating in the condemnation proceedings, but only
for the purpose of securing an independent award for loss of business or damage to personalty.
XII.
SUBORDINATION
This Lease shall be fully subordinate to any mortgage and/or collateral assignment of lease against the
Premises which the fee owner, Lessor and/or their assigns has or subsequently obtains upon the Premises;
provided, however, that any such mortgage and/or collateral assignment of Lease against the Premises
granted by Lessor shall provide that Lessee’s possession of the Premises pursuant to this Lease shall not
be disturbed in the event of a default by Lessor so long as Lessee shall be in compliance under the terms
hereof. This Lease shall be fully subordinate and subject to any senior lease now, or hereafter affecting
the Premises. In the event Lessor transfers all or a part of its interest in the Premises to a third party and
Lease/Sublease
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
BK #_____
17

