                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

         1.04    Controlling Ownership Interest. A “Controlling Ownership Interest” in Franchisee (if
Franchisee is an entity) means either (a) fifty percent (50%) or more of the direct or indirect Ownership
Interests in Franchisee, or (b) any Ownership Interest or other direct or indirect right or interest in Franchisee
that provides the right, power or authority, whether alone or together with others, to direct and control
Franchisee’s management and policies.

        1.05     DMA. “DMA” means a Designated Market Area as defined by A.C. Nielsen Company from
time to time, or such replacement for Designated Market Areas as Sonic shall reasonably determine for the
Sonic Restaurant network.

      1.06       Franchise. “Franchise” means the rights granted to Franchisee pursuant to Section 2.01 of this
Agreement.

         1.07     Gross Sales. “Gross Sales” means all revenues from all business conducted upon or from the
Restaurant, whether evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, debit card, stored-value card, exchange,
or otherwise, and includes the amounts received from the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise, including
sales of food, beverages, and tangible property of every kind and nature, promotional or otherwise (excluding
restaurant equipment), for services performed from or at the Restaurant, whether Franchisee fills the orders
from the Restaurant or elsewhere, and for any implied or imputed Gross Sales from any business interruption
insurance. Each charge or sale via credit, debit card, stored-value card, or other payment means shall constitute
a sale for the full price in the month during which the charge or sale occurs, regardless of the time when
Franchisee receives payment (in whole or in part) for the charge or sale. The phrase “Gross Sales” shall not
include (a) sales of merchandise for which Franchisee makes a cash refund, if previously included in Gross
Sales; (b) the price of merchandise returned by customers for exchange, if Franchisee previously included the
sales price of the merchandise returned by the customer in Gross Sales and includes the sales price of
merchandise delivered to the customer in exchange in Gross Sales; (c) the amount of any sales tax imposed by
any governmental authority directly on sales and collected from customers, if Franchisee adds the amount of
the tax to the sales price or absorbs the amount of the sales tax in the sales price and Franchisee actually pays
the tax to the governmental authority; (d) amounts not received for menu items because of discounts or
coupons, if properly documented; (e) amounts received from the sale of Sonic-approved stored-value cards;
and (f) any proceeds received by Franchisee pursuant to an assignment made in accordance with the provisions
of Section 14.

        1.08    Immediate Family. “Immediate Family” means the named individual, their spouse, and all
children and stepchildren of the named individual or their spouse.

        1.09    MSA. “MSA” means a Metropolitan Statistical Area or a Micropolitan Statistical Area, as
applicable, as defined by the United States Census Bureau from time to time, or such replacement for
Metropolitan Statistical Area or Micropolitan Statistical Area as Sonic shall reasonably determine for the Sonic
Restaurant network.

       1.10     Non-Controlling Ownership Interest. A “Non-Controlling Ownership Interest” in Franchisee
means the transfer or creation of any direct or indirect Ownership Interest in Franchisee that is not a Controlling
Ownership Interest.

         1.11    Non-Drive-In Location. “Non-Drive-In Location” means any permanent or temporary Sonic
Restaurant facility (other than a Non-Traditional Location) that is not a free-standing building with canopies
devoted solely to the Sonic Restaurant and ordering capability accessible to the general public by automobile
from public thoroughfares. Non-Drive-In Locations include drive-thru only locations, convenience stores, gas
stations and travel plazas.
                                                       2
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
