(15)   The estimates in this table reflect a leased scenario for the free-standing Traditional Drive-In
       building type, a leased scenario for the Non-Drive-In Location building type (not including
       Drive-Thru Only Locations), and a leased Drive-Thru Only Location. These ranges do not
       reflect costs to construct a new building and do not reflect costs to construct a Non-Traditional
       Location.

(16)   We relied on our, our affiliates’, and our predecessors’ approximately 70 years of experience
       in developing, operating and franchising Sonic Restaurants since to prepare the estimate for
       additional funds and other estimates in these tables. You should review these figures carefully
       with a business advisor, your accountant and/or your attorney before deciding to acquire the
       franchise. The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service
       obligation. Except for the security deposit under a real property lease, which typically is
       refundable if you comply with the lease’s terms, none of the payments is likely to be
       refundable, although this may depend on your negotiations with others. Neither we nor our
       affiliates offer financing for any part of the initial investment. The availability and terms of
       financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your
       creditworthiness and collateral and the lending policies of financial institutions from which
       you request a loan.

(17)   If we permit you to develop a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may incur
       additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial franchise fee, initial
       training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture, equipment, initial inventory,
       and other expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs to establish each applicable
       Other Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document. You may pay
       less than the cumulative total estimated initial investments for both a Sonic Restaurant and
       Other Restaurant if certain expenses overlap, such as rent and insurance.

                                   ITEM 8
              RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        In order to ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout
the Sonic Restaurant network, you must maintain and comply with our quality standards, as we
periodically modify them. Our standards may regulate, among other things, the equipment and other
products and services you use to develop and operate the Restaurant, the designated and/or approved
suppliers of these goods and services, and the required and authorized products and services your
Restaurant offers. Our standards may also regulate methods, techniques, formats, systems,
specifications, procedures, information, trade secrets, and sales and marketing programs (such as
loyalty programs). We issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our affiliates’
and our franchisees’ experience in operating and franchising Sonic Restaurants. We will notify you
in our manuals, on our extranet, or in other written communications of the names of some of our
designated and approved suppliers. We typically provide our relevant standards and specifications to
approved suppliers and manufacturers rather than to franchisees.

Although we do not require you to purchase or lease real estate from us or our affiliates, you may
only operate the Restaurant from a location that we accept (the “Site”). We have the right, but not
the obligation, to review and to approve or disapprove the lease for the Site. The lease for the Site
must contain the terms and provisions that are reasonably acceptable to us, including provisions that

                                                  33
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
