                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

        employer or otherwise responsible for Franchisee’s acts or omissions relating to Franchisee’s
        employees; or (iv) claims alleging either intentional or negligent conduct, acts or omissions by
        Franchisee (or its contractors or any of its or their employees, agents or representatives), or by Sonic
        or its Affiliates (or its or their contractors or any of its or their employees, agents or representatives),
        subject to Section 18.03(c). “Losses” means any and all losses, expenses, obligations, liabilities,
        damages (actual, consequential, or otherwise), and reasonable defense costs, including accountants’,
        arbitrators’, attorneys’, and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs,
        travel and living expenses, and other expenses of litigation, arbitration, or alternative dispute
        resolution, regardless of whether litigation, arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution is commenced.

                  (b)     Franchisee agrees to defend the Indemnified Parties against any and all claims asserted
        or inquiries made (formally or informally), or legal actions, investigations, or other proceedings
        brought, by a third party and directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to any matter described in
        Subsection 18.03(a)(i) through (iv) above (collectively, “Proceedings”), including those alleging the
        Indemnified Party’s negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct and/or willful wrongful
        omissions. Each Indemnified Party may at Franchisee’s expense defend and otherwise respond to and
        address any claim asserted or inquiry made, or Proceeding brought, that is subject to this Section 18.03
        (instead of having Franchisee defend it as required above), and agree to settlements or take any other
        remedial, corrective, or other actions, for all of which defense and response costs and other Losses
        Franchisee is solely responsible, subject to Section 18.03(c). An Indemnified Party need not seek
        recovery from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise mitigate its Losses, in order to maintain
        and recover fully a claim against Franchisee, and Franchisee agrees that a failure to pursue a recovery
        or mitigate a Loss will not reduce or alter the amounts that an Indemnified Party may recover from
        Franchisee under this Section 18.03. Franchisee’s obligations under this Section 18.03 will continue
        in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or termination.

                (c)      Despite Section 18.03(a), Franchisee has no obligation to indemnify or hold harmless
        an Indemnified Party for, and Sonic will reimburse Franchisee for, any Losses (including costs of
        defending any Proceeding under Section 18.03(b)) to the extent they are determined in a final,
        unappealable ruling issued by a court or arbitrator with competent jurisdiction to have been caused
        solely and directly by the Indemnified Party’s willful misconduct or gross negligence, so long as the
        claim to which those Losses relate is not asserted on the basis of theories of vicarious liability
        (including agency, apparent agency, or joint employer) or Sonic’s failure to compel Franchisee to
        comply with this Agreement, which are claims for which Franchisee is not entitled to reimbursement
        pursuant to this Section 18.03(c). However, nothing in this Section 18.03(c) limits Franchisee’s
        obligation to defend Sonic and the other Indemnified Parties under Section 18.03(b).

19.     NOTICES.

        All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally recognized overnight
courier or certified mail to the physical addresses set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or to such other
physical addresses as Franchisee and Sonic provide each other in writing; provided, however, that Sonic may
also send notice to Franchisee at the email address(es) set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or such other
email addresses as Franchisee may provide to Sonic in writing. All notices to Sonic shall be sent to Sonic,
“Attention: Legal Department.”

20.     INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT.

       20.01 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Contract Data Schedule and all
addenda, appendices, and amendments hereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties and
                                                      33
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
