operation of the SBF if requested in writing at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the end of
each fiscal year. We currently have the SBF audited. Although we intend the SBF to be of perpetual
duration, we maintain the right to terminate the SBF, but will not do so until we have spent all amounts
in the SBF according to the requirements described here. (Section 12.03 of the Franchise Agreement)

System Marketing Fund
If you operate a Traditional Drive-In, your advertising cooperative will allocate a portion of your
Restaurant’s Gross Sales to the SMF, as described in Item 6. If you operate Sonic Restaurant at a
Non-Traditional Location, you will contribute 1.625% of Gross Sales directly to the SMF. Company
Drive-Ins also contribute to the SMF (through the advertising cooperatives) on the same basis as
Franchise Drive-Ins.

        We administer the SMF and direct all marketing programs with sole discretion over the
creative concepts, materials, and media used in those programs. The SMF is intended to complement
local marketing efforts by promoting the message of the Sonic brand to an expanded audience. The
SMF primarily provides national advertising across the Sonic Restaurant network which attracts
customers to Sonic Restaurants by promoting and targeting the message of the Sonic brand to an
expanded audience. The SMF currently focuses on purchasing advertising on national cable and
broadcast networks and other national, local and digital media, sponsorship and brand enhancement
opportunities. We have no obligation in administering the SMF to make expenditures for or which
impact you or the Restaurant which are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution. On a
quarterly basis, we will consult with the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
successor regarding our maintenance and administration of the SMF and report on the SMF’s
operation.

During our 2025 fiscal year, the SMF spent its funds for the following purposes:
               Item                                                            Percent
               Advertising and Marketing                                       83.32%
               Agency Retainer and Travel Fees                                 11.14%
               Customer Research                                                4.44%
               Other (including technology, such as IT digital support)         1.10%
                                                                 TOTAL          100 %

We use the SMF and all earnings primarily to purchase national broadcast, print, interactive, and other
media (such as digital media platforms and dynamic content optimization), sponsorships, and brand
enhancement opportunities. The SMF and its earnings will not inure to our benefit, although this
does not prohibit the SMF from paying the actual costs that we and our affiliates may incur (including
actual employment-related costs) in developing or implementing programs and materials consistent
with the SMF’s purposes for the benefit of franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant network. If we do
not spend all the SMF fees in the fiscal year in which the funds accrued, we will carry the funds over
to the next fiscal year. We do not use any of the funds of the SMF principally for the solicitation of
the sale of Sonic Restaurant franchises.

The SMF is not our asset, and an independent certified public accountant we designate will review
the operation of the SMF annually, and we will make the report available to you upon request.
However, the body we approve and designate as the body to consult with regarding our maintenance
and administration of the SMF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
                                                   44
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
