                                                                                     Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                           DA #: ___________

shall reimburse Sonic for the expense thereof, including wages, travel and living expenses and other expenses
of Sonic’s personnel. The foregoing shall be in addition to any other right or remedies Sonic may have.

         8.03    Approved Suppliers and Advertising Agencies. Franchisee agrees to purchase only such food,
beverages, signs and equipment and other products and services associated with the development or operation
of the Restaurant which meet the standards and specifications periodically established by Sonic and, if Sonic
requires, only from suppliers that Sonic periodically designates or approves (which may include or be limited
to Sonic or its Affiliates). Franchisee agrees that its vendors, suppliers and other contracting parties may
provide to Sonic information regarding Franchisee’s purchases, past due amounts and other aspects of their
relationships with Franchisee. Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisee also agrees to retain and utilize
exclusively the marketing and advertising services of the Sonic-approved advertising agency of record. In
addition, Franchisee immediately shall use Franchisee’s vote or votes in all advertising cooperatives in which
Franchisee participates to support the use of the then current advertising agency of record for the Sonic
Restaurant network.

         8.04     Compliance with Sonic Operations Manual. Franchisee agrees promptly to adopt, use and
comply with the formulas, methods, standards, policies and other provisions contained in the Sonic Operations
Manual, now and as they may be modified by Sonic from time to time. Franchisee may not at any time, in any
manner, directly or indirectly, and whether or not intentionally, copy any part of the Sonic Operations Manual,
permit any part of it to be copied, disclose any part of it except to employees or others having a need to know
its contents for purposes of operating the Restaurant, or permit its removal from the Restaurant without prior
written consent from Sonic. At Sonic’s option, Sonic may post the Sonic Operations Manual and other
communications on a restricted Intranet or other website to which Franchisee will have access. If Sonic does
so, Franchisee must periodically monitor the site for any updates to the Sonic Operations Manual or other
standards, specifications, and procedures. Any passwords or other digital identification necessary to access
the Sonic Operations Manual and other information on such a site will be deemed to be part of the Confidential
Information.

        8.05     Franchisee’s Employees. Sonic and Franchisee agree that any materials, guidance or
assistance that Sonic provides with respect to the terms and conditions of employment for Franchisee’s
employees, employee hiring, firing and discipline, and similar employment-related policies or procedures,
whether in the Sonic Operations Manual or otherwise, are solely for Franchisee’s optional use. Those
materials, guidance and assistance do not form part of the mandatory Sonic System. Franchisee will determine
to what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or assistance should apply to the Restaurant’s employees.
Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic does not dictate or control labor or employment matters for franchisees
and their employees and will not be responsible for the safety and security of Restaurant employees or patrons.
Franchisee is solely responsible for determining the terms and conditions of employment for all Restaurant
employees, for all decisions concerning the hiring, firing and discipline of Restaurant employees, and for all
other aspects of the Restaurant’s labor relations and employment practices.

        8.06    Best Efforts. Franchisee shall diligently and fully exploit its rights in this Agreement by
personally devoting its best efforts to the operation of the Restaurant. Franchisee shall avoid any activities
which, in Sonic’s sole judgment, would be detrimental to or interfere with the business of the Restaurant, the
Sonic Restaurant network, or Sonic.

         8.07   Remodeling. During the Term, Sonic may require Franchisee to undertake extensive
remodeling and renovation and substantial modifications to existing buildings necessary for the Restaurant to
conform with Sonic’s then-existing system image. Sonic may exercise the foregoing right at any time during
the Term, but may not require (a) the remodeling of the Restaurant more than once every seven (7) years or
(b) the remodeling of a restaurant built within the preceding three (3) years, unless the required remodeling
                                                    14
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
