                                                                                                DA #: ___________

“Sonic Franchise Agreement”), any or all of the terms of which may differ substantially from the terms
contained in the Existing Franchise Agreement, except that, for each Sonic Franchise Agreement other than
the Existing Franchise Agreement: (a) the initial franchise fee will be Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000),
and Sonic will apply Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) of the Development Fee, as applicable, towards the
initial franchise fee owed under that Sonic Franchise Agreement; and (b) the royalty fee rate under the Sonic
Franchise Agreement will be five percent (5%) of the Developer Restaurant’s monthly gross sales (as defined
in the applicable Sonic Franchise Agreement).

7.       NO SUBLICENSING OR RIGHT TO USE PROPRIETARY MARKS. This Agreement does not
grant Developer any right to license others to operate Sonic Restaurants. Only Developer (and its approved
Controlled Affiliates) may develop Sonic Restaurants pursuant to this Agreement and only under Sonic
Franchise Agreements with Sonic. This Agreement does not grant Developer any right to use, or authorize
others to use, the Proprietary Marks in any manner. Developer’s right to use the Proprietary Marks arises only
under Sonic Franchise Agreements with Sonic. Sonic’s Affiliate owns all rights to the Proprietary Marks, and
Developer’s unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks is an infringement of Sonic’s and its Affiliate’s rights
and a breach of this Agreement. In all public records and in its relationship with other Persons, Developer
shall indicate clearly the independent ownership of Developer’s business and that the operations of that
business are separate and distinct from the operation of Sonic’s business.

8.       TRANSFER.

         8.01    Transfer by Developer. The rights and duties created by this Agreement are personal to
Developer (or its Owners), and Sonic has granted the rights under this Agreement to Developer in reliance on
the collective character, skill, aptitude, and business and financial capacity of Developer and its
Owners. Accordingly, neither this Agreement (or any rights or obligations under or interest in this Agreement),
the business that Developer operates under this Agreement, or any Ownership Interest in Developer or its
Owners, may be transferred without Sonic’s prior written approval, which approval (if Sonic in its sole
judgment provides that approval) will be subject to the satisfaction for the conditions for transfer that Sonic
then specifies (in its sole judgment). Any transfer without Sonic’s required approval is a breach of this
Agreement and has no effect. For the avoidance of doubt, Sonic’s consent to any transfer of or under any
Franchise Agreements executed pursuant to this Agreement is not a consent to a transfer of or under this
Agreement. Upon any transfer, Sonic may require that the transferee (a) be bound by all terms and conditions
of this Agreement for the remainder of the term, or (b) execute Sonic’s then-current form of Sonic
Development Agreement and related documents, which may contain terms and conditions (including the fees)
that differ materially from any or all of those in this Agreement.

        In this Agreement, the term “transfer,” whether or not capitalized, includes any voluntary, involuntary,
direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition and includes the following events, whether they
impact Developer (or its Owners) directly or indirectly:

                  (a)      transfer of record or beneficial ownership of any Ownership Interest or the right to
         receive all or a portion of Developer’s profits or losses or any capital appreciation relating to Developer
         or its business (whether directly or indirectly);

                (b)     merger, consolidation or exchange of Ownership Interests, or issuance of additional
         Ownership Interests or securities representing or potentially representing Ownership Interests, or a
         redemption of Ownership Interests;

                 (c)      any sale or exchange of voting interests or securities convertible to voting interests,
         or any management agreement or other arrangement granting the right to exercise or control the
         exercise of the voting rights of any Owner or to control Developer or its operations or affairs;

                                                       6
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Development Agreement
1625635753.2
