                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

        9.       Days and Hours of Operation. Sonic recognizes and acknowledges that the Restaurant will
operate at a Non-Traditional Location and will be required to be open and operating on those days and during
those hours that the Non-Traditional Location may set from time to time. Therefore, Subsection 8.01(d) of the
Franchise Agreement is deleted.

         10.     Advertising Cooperatives. Section 12.01 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety.

         11.     System Marketing Fund. The first sentence of Section 12.02(a) of the Franchise Agreement
is deleted and replaced with the following:

                 (a)    The SMF shall be administered by Sonic, and Franchisee shall pay to the SMF
         each month, on a schedule that Sonic periodically specifies, an amount equal to one and six
         hundred twenty-five thousandths percent (1.625%) of Franchisee’s Gross Sales during the
         preceding calendar month.

        12.     System Marketing Fund, Sonic Brand Fund and Brand Technology Fund. Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that the programs and expenditures for the SMF, SBF and BTF may not address the
specific aspects of any particular Restaurant or the operation of Sonic Restaurants at Non-Traditional
Locations, and are primarily designed for the benefit of Sonic Restaurants generally.

        13.       Sonic Option to Purchase Restaurant Assets. Section 16.03 of the Franchise Agreement is
deleted in its entirety.

         14.   Restrictions During the Term. Subsections (a), (b) and (c) of Section 17.02 of the Franchise
Agreement are deleted and replaced with the following:

                 (a)      engage in, provide services (as a director, officer, employee, agent,
         representative, or consultant) to, acquire any ownership, financial or other beneficial interest
         (including equity interests in business entities) in, loan money to, or become a landlord of, any
         Competitive Business (defined below) operating at or within the Facility;

                  (b)     appropriate, use, or duplicate the Sonic System, or any portion thereof, for
         use at any other business, wherever located or operating; or

                (c)      divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business or customer of the
         Restaurant to another Competitive Business operating at or within the Facility.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sonic and Franchisee acknowledge that nothing in this Rider shall limit any
non-compete or other obligations of Franchisee or any of its Owners, directors or officers (or any members of
their Immediate Families, excluding children or stepchildren under twenty-one (21) years of age) under any
other Franchise Agreement.

         15.     Restrictions After the Term. Section 17.03 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its
entirety.

                                        [Signatures on Following Page]




                                                        3
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-2 - Non-Traditional Rider to the Franchise Agreement
1625635761.2
