                                                                                             Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                                   DA #: ___________

         4.       Return of Confidential Information. Upon the sooner of termination of this Agreement or a
Party’s written request, each Party shall immediately return all the Confidential Information to the other Party,
together with a certification that said Party either: (a) has destroyed all other copies of the Confidential Information;
or (b) made no other copies of the Confidential Information except for the copies returned to the requesting Party.

          5.      Nature of Confidential Information. The Parties acknowledge the confidential, proprietary and
trade secret nature of the Confidential Information. The Parties shall hold and safeguard the Confidential
Information to the same extent that each Party safeguards similar confidential information in its own affairs and at
least to the same extent that a reasonably prudent business would under similar circumstances. The Parties shall
take all reasonable steps to ensure that their employees, agents, and all other persons having access to the
Confidential Information observe and perform the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. If any person
serves a subpoena or other legal process concerning the Confidential Information while it is in that Party’s
possession, the Party receiving the subpoena or other legal process shall give written notice of that fact to the other
Party and shall fully cooperate, at the expense of the Party owning the Confidential Information, in any lawful
effort by that Party to contest the legal validity of the subpoena or other legal process. The Parties shall give each
other written notice of any circumstances in which the Parties have actual notice of any access, possession or use
of the Confidential Information not authorized by this Agreement.

        6.       Mutual Indemnity by the Parties. Each Party agrees to indemnify and hold the other Party
providing the Confidential Information harmless against any losses, damages, costs, expenses, claims or
actions, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, directly or indirectly caused by any breach of this
Agreement by the Party who receives Confidential Information or by any person who gains access to the
Confidential Information through a receiving party. In addition, the Party who receives Confidential
Information shall pay to the disclosing Party any compensation realized by the receiving Party resulting from
any breach of this Agreement by the Party receiving Confidential Information or by any person who gains
access to the Confidential Information through the receiving Party. Because of the confidential and proprietary
nature of the Confidential Information, the Parties acknowledge that any breach of the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and, therefore, the Parties shall have the right to
seek and obtain injunctive and other equitable relief prohibiting the violation or threatened violation of this
Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the Parties and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates may
enforce this Agreement to the same extent as the Parties.

         7.        Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with regard to
the Confidential Information and replaces and supersedes all other written and oral agreements and statements of
the Parties relating to the Confidential Information.

        8.        Waiver. The failure of a Party to insist in any instance on the performance of any term or
condition of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any future performance of that term or condition.

         9.       Governing Law. Notwithstanding the place where the Parties execute this Agreement, the
internal laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules, shall govern the construction of
the terms and the application of the provisions of this Agreement.

         10.       Dispute Resolution. Candidate agrees that jurisdiction over Candidate exists and is proper within
the county where the corporate headquarters of Sonic are located and within any and all courts, whether federal,
state, or local, located within that county, and venue for any matter, claim, or cause of action relating to this
Agreement, the Parties’ business activities conducted as a result of this Agreement, or the Parties’ relationship or
business dealings with one another generally, including all disputes and litigation pending or in existence as of the
date of this Agreement, shall only exist and is only proper within the same county where the corporate headquarters
of Sonic are located and within any and all courts, whether federal, state, or local, located within that county.
                                                           2
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit D - Confidentiality Agreement
1625635767.2
