we specify. You and your landlord must also enter into the Option to Assume Lease that is attached
to this disclosure document as Exhibit I.

For any significant changes in the programs or policies impacting all or substantially all Sonic
Restaurants concerning training, the Sonic system, the Sonic operations manual, the SMF and the
SBF, including the determination of the designated beverage supplier or advertising agency of record
for the Sonic Restaurant network, we will solicit input and advice from a group of franchisees
gathered together for that purpose. (This obligation applies only if the franchise agreements in effect
for at least one-third of all Sonic Restaurants contain this provision or a substantially similar
provision.) We may also periodically solicit bids from suppliers for the production and sale of certain
products that you must use or sell in your Restaurant. We may arrange for the products’ distribution
to your Restaurant at an agreed-upon delivery fee if we negotiate price and delivery terms for certain
products for the benefit of the Sonic Restaurant network. You also must use the marketing and
advertising services of the advertising agency that we periodically approve.

         You must purchase only those food, beverages, signs, paper products, inventory, supplies,
uniforms, Wacky Pack® Kids’ Meal promotional items, signage, POS, POPS, back-office-system
(“BOS”), mobile ordering technology, payment technologies, audio communications system,
equipment, menu and speaker housings, menu boards, and other products and services associated with
the development or operation of the Restaurant which meet the standards and specifications we
periodically establish and, if we require, only from suppliers that we periodically designate or approve
(which may include or be limited to us or our affiliates). Currently, our affiliate provides certain
technology and services to coordinate and streamline some aspects of operations associated with
delivery services that Sonic Restaurants provide and payment processing services for franchisees.
Currently, our affiliate also provides cybersecurity services coordinated through several different
vendors and its technology team. You must also purchase or lease, and install in and about the
Restaurant, the equipment, fixtures, furniture, lighting, and other personal property from suppliers
that we periodically designate or approve (which may include or be limited to us or our affiliates) and
that strictly confirm to the appearance, uniform standards and specifications that we require. You
also must purchase other technology hardware, software, and services for system initiatives only from
suppliers that we periodically designate or approve (which may include or be limited to us or our
affiliates). You cannot install or use in the operation of the Restaurant any equipment, fixtures,
furnishings or other personal property that we do not approve, except that you currently may, without
our prior written consent, install security-related equipment that does not interfere with the operation
or trade dress of the Restaurant. Additionally, you must sign contracts with approved suppliers and
participate in our then-current gift card program operated by or through our approved suppliers (that
may include us or our affiliates). Your vendors, suppliers, distributors, and other contracting parties
may provide us information regarding your purchases, past due amounts and other aspects of their
relationship with you.

We approve suppliers on the basis of, among other things, the quality and price of the goods produced
or services provided, the service commitment to our standards, production capabilities, adherence to
our standards, and facilities cleanliness. We currently have no formal procedure or written criteria
for the approval or revocation of approval of alternative suppliers, and we do not charge any fee to
secure approval of an alternative supplier. We typically respond within 30 days after receiving all
information we request. We revoke our approval of suppliers by notifying the supplier. We retain
the exclusive right to consider, review and approve all suppliers and distributors which may hold, sell
or distribute Sonic-labeled goods or products.
                                                  34
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
