A “Drive-Thru Only Location” is any permanent Sonic Restaurant facility (other than Non-
Traditional Location) that is a free-standing building devoted solely to operating the Sonic Restaurant
from a drive-thru only facility and does not have drive-in, drive-up, dine-in, or carry out capabilities
(except for any orders through the Sonic® mobile ordering app or third party delivery apps).

A “Non-Drive-In Location” is any permanent or temporary Sonic Restaurant facility (other than a
Non-Traditional Location) that is not a free-standing building with canopies devoted solely to the
Sonic Restaurant and ordering capability accessible to the general public by automobile from public
thoroughfares. Non-Drive-In Locations include Drive-Thru Only Locations, convenience stores (“C-
Stores”), gas filling stations and travel plazas. “Traditional Restaurants” means Traditional Drive-In
locations, Drive-Thru Only Locations, and Non-Drive-In Locations and specifically excludes Non-
Traditional Locations.

A “Non-Traditional Location” is any permanent or temporary food service facility that operates (1)
under one or more of the Proprietary Marks and all or part of the Sonic system, and (2) at locations
that do not feature unlimited and unrestricted access to the general public by automobile from public
thoroughfares. Non-Traditional Locations include (a) military bases and other governmental
facilities; (b) universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas,
and other public or restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas,
theaters, and other sports and entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums,
zoos, and other similar public facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts, and other foodservice locations
within shopping centers, shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings,
and department stores, grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos, and convention
centers; (h) hospitals, nursing facilities, and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other
sovereign territories. If you operate your Sonic Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, then we
and you will sign the Non-Traditional Rider to Franchise Agreement (the “Non-Trad Rider”), attached
as Exhibit B-2, together with the Franchise Agreement. The Non-Trad Rider modifies certain
provisions of the Franchise Agreement to address the differences of operating the Sonic Restaurant
at a Non-Traditional Location.

We also offer the right to develop and open 2 or more Sonic Restaurants under our Development
Agreement (“Development Agreement” or “DA”), attached as Exhibit C-1. Under the Development
Agreement you or your Controlled Affiliate (defined below) will have the right and obligation to
develop a specified number of Sonic Restaurants within a defined geographic area (the “Development
Area”) according to a specified schedule (the “Development Schedule”). You (or your Controlled
Affiliate) will sign our then current form of Franchise Agreement for each Sonic Restaurant
developed in the Development Area, which currently is the Franchise Agreement included in this
disclosure document but in the future could differ from that form. However, the initial franchise fee
will be $15,000 and the royalty will be the standard royalty rate reflected in Item 6 under each
Franchise Agreement that the Development Agreement covers. A “Controlled Affiliate” is a
corporation, limited liability company or other entity of which you (or your owners) both own more
than 50% of the ownership interests and have the unilateral authority to direct and control the entity’s
management and policies.

Multi-Brand Locations

We have an arrangement with Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc.,
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC, and Jimmy John’s Franchisor
                                                       2
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
