The following table summarizes the ServSafe training:

                         Hours of       Hours of
                        Classroom      On-the-Job
      Subject            Training       Training                           Location
 ServSafe®                  8              0           Conducted by certified third parties and
                                                       available at locations throughout the U.S.

Our Training Team and Training Materials

Kelli Holmes, our Vice President of QSR Brand Training, oversees our training program. Kelli
Holmes has over 20 years’ experience in the restaurant industry and over 10 years’ experience with
our training programs. Other members of our Training Department, who have a combined total of
more than 75 years’ experience with us and a combined total of more than 100 years’ experience in
the restaurant industry, also assist with training and development of training. The instructional
materials used for our training programs are the Operations Manual and other handouts (including
information developed from the information in the Operations and Food Safety documentation).

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance and
assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be intended
for stand-alone Sonic Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations. We may
modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that are cross-
trained to operate both the Sonic Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you must ensure
that all employees who provide services to the Sonic Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in
the Sonic Restaurant’s operation are properly trained to operate the Sonic Restaurant and otherwise
satisfy our requirements. We have no obligation to provide training, services or other assistant with
respect to the development or operation of any Other Restaurant (Sections 4 and 5 of the MBA).
However, you are required to complete all training required for the Other Restaurant(s), as described
under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement.

                                             ITEM 12
                                           TERRITORY

Franchise Agreement

Under the Franchise Agreement, we grant you a license to operate a Sonic Restaurant at a location
that we accept. If your lease expires or is terminated without your fault, or if the Restaurant is
destroyed, condemned, or otherwise rendered unusable, you may relocate the Restaurant to a new site
within the Protected Area (defined below) that is acceptable to us. You must pay all costs associated
with the relocation and comply with the Franchise Agreement’s provisions relating to the
development and opening of the Restaurant at the new site and de-identification of the old site.

Except as described below, we will not own or operate a Sonic Restaurant, and will not franchise to
any other person to own or operate a Sonic Restaurant (other than a Sonic Restaurant franchised
before the date of the Franchise Agreement), within the Restaurant’s Protected Area. The “Protected
Area” is defined on the Franchise Agreement’s effective date and is:

        (i)     a radius extending .75 miles from the front door of the Restaurant if located within
an area that has a population density of more than 125,000 people per square mile; or
                                                  49
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
