       Relocation Incentive. The “Relocation Incentive” program is designed to encourage
       franchisees to relocate their Traditional Restaurant to a new location. You may qualify for
       the Relocation Incentive program if you relocate your Traditional Restaurant in compliance
       with the terms of your existing Franchise Agreement and our Standards, open the relocated
       Traditional Restaurant on or before the earlier of December 31 or 6 months after the existing
       Traditional Restaurant closes, and meet the Incentive Eligibility Requirements. The
       Relocation Incentive may not be combined with other incentives.

       If you qualify for the Relocation Incentive, then we will reduce your royalty fee as follows:

                   Duration of Effective Royalty Fee               Effective Royalty Fee
                     Opening through Year 1                                 1%
                             Year 2                                         2%
                             Year 3                                         3%
               Year 4 through remainder of the term                         5%

       If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions (including the Incentive Eligibility
       Requirements), then, without limiting our other rights and remedies (including the right to
       terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Development Agreement), this incentive will not
       apply. If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other
       rights and remedies, including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or
       Development Agreement, the Relocation Incentive will not apply. The Relocation Incentive
       do not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to develop and operate the
       Restaurants at Non-Drive-In Locations or Non-Traditional Location, as a replacement of an
       existing or closed Sonic Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an existing
       Traditional Drive-In or Drive-Thru Only Location.

       Early Opening Incentive. The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize
       franchisees to develop and commence operations of their Traditional Restaurants before the
       required opening date identified in their Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the
       Development Agreement). If you qualify for the Standard incentive program and you open
       the Traditional Restaurants before the required opening date identified in the Franchise
       Agreement, then we will charge 0% royalty fee from the date you open and commence
       operations of the Traditional Restaurants until the required opening date identified in the
       Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), up to 6 months, then
       the applicable royalty fee rate will apply.

       VetFran Program. The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for
       honorably discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran
       or returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
       Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies and signs a
       Development Agreement and/or Franchise Agreement to develop one or more Traditional
       Drive-Ins and/or Drive-Thru Only Locations. Under the VetFran Program, if you (and your
       affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates)
       and us when you open the Traditional Drive-Ins and/or Drive-Thru Only Locations, you open
       the Traditional Drive-In and/or Drive-Thru Only Location in compliance with the Franchise
       Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), you submit all development
       costs to us in the form we require within 120 days of opening the Traditional Drive-In and/or
                                                       26
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
