                           SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Contributions from and Distributions to Parent

Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid.

The Company presents contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the accompanying consolidated
statements of equity. The Company presents contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis as a financing
activity on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Leases

The Company evaluates the contracts it enters into to determine whether such contracts contain leases. A contract contains a
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange
for consideration. At commencement, contracts containing a lease are further evaluated for classification as an operating or
finance lease where the Company is a lessee, or as an operating, sales-type or direct financing lease where the Company is a
lessor or sublessor, based on their terms.

For operating leases, minimum lease receipts, including minimum scheduled rent increases, are recognized as income where
the Company is a lessor on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease terms. Certain leases contain provisions, referred to
as "Contingent rent", that require additional rental payments based upon restaurant sales volume. Contingent rent is
recognized each period as the income is earned.

Management makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding each new lease and sublease agreement, renewal and
amendment, including, but not limited to, property values, market rents, property lives, discount rates and probable term, all
of which can impact the classification of and accounting for the Company's leases. The amount of depreciation and
amortization, interest and rent expense and income reported would vary if different estimates and assumptions were used.

Amounts of finance leases are recognized based on the present value of future unpaid lease payments over the lease term.
Lease cost for finance leases includes the amortization of the finance lease asset, which is amortized on a straight-line basis
and recorded to "Depreciation and amortization," and interest expense on the finance lease liability, which is calculated
using the effective interest method and recorded to "Interest expense." Finance lease assets are amortized over the shorter of
their estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases, including periods covered by renewal options that the
Company is reasonably assured of exercising.

Fair Value Measurements

The Company’s financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, note receivable,
accounts payable, and long-term debt. The fair value of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, note
receivable and accounts payable approximates book value due to their short-term nature. The carrying values of goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment or more frequently if an event occurs that indicates
an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs (Level 3) if a quantitative
impairment testing approach is taken. Asset groups containing other definite-lived assets are tested for impairment if an
event occurs that indicates an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs.
The Company has not changed the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities
during 2025.




                                                            10
