                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                 (h)     Developer or any of its Owners or Affiliates breaches or is in default under, or Sonic
         terminates before its term expires (regardless of the reason), the Existing Franchise Agreement, any
         other Sonic Franchise Agreement, or any other agreement between Sonic (or any of its Affiliates) and
         Developer (or any of its Owners or Affiliates) relating to any Sonic Restaurant; or

                 (i)     Developer fails to comply with any other provision of this Agreement.

        9.02     Obligations Upon Expiration or Termination. Upon expiration or termination of this
Agreement: (a) Developer will have no right to develop or operate any Developer Restaurant for which a
Sonic Franchise Agreement has not been signed by Sonic; and (b) Sonic will be entitled to own and operate,
and franchise to any other Person to own and operate, a Sonic Restaurant in the Development Area, except as
may be otherwise provided under any Sonic Franchise Agreement then in effect.

10.     NOTICES. All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally recognized
overnight courier or certified mail to the physical addresses set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or to such
other physical addresses as Developer and Sonic provide each other in writing; provided, however, that Sonic
may also send notice to Developer at the email address(es) set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or such
other email addresses as Developer may provide to Sonic in writing. All notices to Sonic shall be sent to Sonic,
“Attention: Legal Department.”

11.     INCORPORATION OF OTHER TERMS.                            Sections 10 (Confidential Information), 17
(Covenants), 18 (Independent Contractor and Indemnification), and 22 (Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction;
Waiver of Jury Trial; Limitations) of the Existing Franchise Agreement are incorporated by reference in this
Agreement, with all reference to Franchisee and its Owners being deemed to refer to Developer and its Owners,
and those provisions will govern all aspects of the relationship between Sonic and Developer and the
construction of this Agreement as if fully restated within the text of this Agreement. This Agreement, together
with the Existing Franchise Agreement, and all addenda, appendices, and amendments and the Contract Data
Schedule hereto and thereto constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede all prior and
contemporaneous, oral or written agreements or understandings of the parties relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement is intended to disclaim the
representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document.




                                                      8
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Development Agreement
1625635753.2
