The following table summarizes the General Manager Leadership Class training:

                        Hours of     Hours of On-
                       Classroom       the-Job
       Subject          Training      Training                          Location
 General                   24             0           Locations throughout the U.S., or virtually
 Management
 Leadership Class
 Total                     24              0

We also provide additional self-directed ongoing training programs, online training and webinars for
management personnel, including station courses and additional manager leadership classes. We
provide the online training and webinars at no cost, but you must pay the salaries for all persons who
attend training and for any required training materials.

Your Training for Your Crew

Your trainees who completed the Sonic Training Program will train your entire crew for the new
Restaurant. For your first 3 Sonic Drive-Ins, as part of the pre-opening training, we may require that
you hold a Friends and Family Day, which is a capstone event that takes place after you have
completed training your crew for the Restaurant. This Friends and Family Day could cost as much
as $15,000.

Food Safety and Quality Assurance

Upon opening your Restaurant, each of the Restaurant’s personnel who has shift responsibility or
employee oversight responsibility at the Restaurant (collectively, the “Management Personnel”) must
be certified in ServSafe® or in another comparable, nationally-recognized food safety training and
certification program we approve. You must pay any third-party training fees and the salaries, travel,
and living expenses for all persons who attend training. Subsequent Management Personnel must
successfully complete this training within 120 days after beginning employment. All ServSafe
certifications must be current within 4 years.

To assist with the consistent delivery of safe and high-quality food, as part of our ongoing training,
we require all Sonic Drive-In employees to satisfactorily complete our comprehensive, restaurant-
based food safety program that promotes the quality and safety of all products and procedures that
Sonic Drive-Ins use and provides certain requirements for suppliers, distributors, and Sonic Drive-
Ins (the “Sonic Safe Training Program”). Sonic Safe Training Program is a risk-based system that
utilizes Hazard Analysis & Critical Control Points principles for managing food safety and quality.
The Sonic Safe Training Program includes components to monitor and ensure the safety and quality
of a Sonic Restaurant’s products and procedures at every stage of the food preparation and production
cycle, including employee training, supplier product inspections and testing and unannounced drive-
in food safety audits. All Sonic Drive-In employees must complete the Sonic Safe Training Program
to our satisfaction in their first stage of training.




                                                 48
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
