                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

the Immediate Family of the transferor; or (b) Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000) for any other transfer pursuant
to Section 14.

         7.04    Late Payments. If any payments required by this Agreement are not paid by Franchisee on or
before the date on which they are due, Franchisee shall pay Sonic a late charge in an amount equal to one and
three-quarters percent (1.75%) per month or the highest interest rate permitted by law, whichever is less, levied
on such amounts due from the date on which such obligations were due until any such obligations are paid in
full. If any payments required by this Agreement are not paid by Franchisee on or before the date on which
they are due three (3) or more times during any twelve (12)-month period, then in addition to Sonic’s other
rights and remedies under this Agreement or otherwise, (a) Sonic may require Franchisee to submit a statement
of Gross Sales in the form prescribed by Sonic and at a frequency prescribed by Sonic, such as weekly; and
(b) Sonic may require Franchisee to pay obligations incurred under the terms of this Agreement more
frequently than once a month, such as weekly. Sonic’s acceptance of any partial or late payment does not
affect Sonic’s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Further, Franchisee
acknowledges that this Section 7.04 is not an agreement to accept any partial payments or payments after they
are due or Sonic’s commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance the operation of, the Restaurant.

        7.05    Taxes.

                (a)     Franchisee shall pay when due all taxes levied or assessed on Franchisee and the
        Restaurant, including unemployment, sales, or gross receipts taxes, and all accounts or other
        indebtedness of any kind incurred by Franchisee in conducting the business of the Restaurant.

                (b)      In the time and manner prescribed by Sonic, Franchisee shall also pay an amount equal
        to any sales tax or gross receipts tax, but not including any net income tax upon Sonic, imposed on
        Sonic or its Affiliates with respect to any payments from Franchisee to Sonic required under this
        Agreement, unless the tax is credited against a net income tax otherwise payable by Sonic.

                (c)      (1)      In the event of a dispute with a taxing authority as to (a) Franchisee’s liability
                for taxes or (b) Sonic’s or its Affiliate’s liability for any taxes upon which Franchisee is
                required under this Section 7.05 to make payment to Sonic, Franchisee may contest the validity
                or the amount of the tax or indebtedness in accordance with the law and regulations of the
                taxing authority. Sonic shall provide Franchisee with all information, cooperation, and
                assistance that Franchisee may reasonably request in connection with any dispute as to
                Franchisee’s, Sonic’s, or Sonic’s Affiliate’s liability for taxes. Franchisee shall not permit a
                tax sale, seizure, levy, or similar writ or warrant by a creditor to occur against the Restaurant
                or any of its assets.

                (2)     In the event a state taxing authority makes a refund to Sonic or its Affiliate of taxes
                paid for which Sonic previously received payment from Franchisee under this Section 7.05,
                Sonic shall pay to Franchisee the amount of the taxes refunded by the state taxing authority to
                Sonic or its Affiliate which equals the amount Franchisee previously paid to Sonic under this
                Section 7.05.

                 (d)     All notices received by Franchisee from a state taxing authority regarding the alleged,
        potential, or actual tax liability of Sonic or its Affiliates shall be given to Sonic within fifteen (15)
        calendar days of receipt by Franchisee. Sonic and Franchisee agree to consult in good faith to
        determine the nature of any action to be taken in connection with the notice or any demands contained
        therein.

                                                      11
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
