                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

will not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the original cost of the building, equipment, and land improvements
for the Restaurant (as adjusted for increases in the consumer price index after the construction date of the
Restaurant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sonic shall have the right to require Franchisee to modify or
replace the primary Sonic sign(s) for the Restaurant at any time during the term of this Agreement.

        8.08     Use of Internet. Franchisee may not develop, maintain or authorize any website, other online
presence or other electronic medium (such as mobile applications, kiosks and other interactive properties or
technology-based programs) that mentions or describes Franchisee (or its organization), the Restaurant or its
products or services, or that displays any of the Proprietary Marks, except as Sonic may periodically authorize.
Franchisee may not conduct commerce or directly or indirectly offer or sell any products or services using any
website, another electronic means or medium, or otherwise over the Internet or using any other technology-
based program without Sonic’s approval.

9.      PROPRIETARY MARKS.

         9.01    Use of Proprietary Marks. Franchisee shall use only the Proprietary Marks periodically
designated by Sonic in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and shall use them only in the manner
periodically authorized and permitted by Sonic. Franchisee shall use the Proprietary Marks only for the
operation of the Restaurant and not in any other business or capacity. During the term of this Agreement,
Franchisee shall identify itself as the independent owner of the Restaurant in conjunction with any use of the
Proprietary Marks in the manner that Sonic periodically specifies. Franchisee’s rights to use the Proprietary
Marks are limited to such uses as are authorized under this Agreement, and any unauthorized use thereof shall
constitute an infringement of Sonic’s rights. Franchisee shall not use the Proprietary Marks (a) to incur any
obligation or indebtedness on behalf of Sonic, (b) as part of its corporate or other legal name, or (c) in any
other manner that Sonic has not authorized. Franchisee shall comply with Sonic’s instructions in filing and
maintaining the requisite trade name or fictitious name registrations and shall execute any documents deemed
necessary by Sonic or its counsel to obtain protection for the Proprietary Marks or to maintain their continued
validity and enforceability.

         9.02    Ownership of Proprietary Marks. Franchisee expressly understands and agrees that, as
between the parties hereto, Sonic (or its Affiliate) owns the right and interest in and to the Proprietary Marks
and the goodwill associated with and symbolized by them, and that the Proprietary Marks are valid and serve
to identify the Sonic System and those who are licensed under the Sonic System. Franchisee shall not directly
or indirectly contest the validity or the ownership of the Proprietary Marks. Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary
Marks pursuant to this Agreement does not give Franchisee any ownership interest or other interest in or to the
Proprietary Marks, except the nonexclusive license granted herein. Any and all goodwill arising from
Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks shall inure solely and exclusively to Sonic’s (or its Affiliate’s)
benefit, and upon expiration or termination of this Agreement and the Franchise herein granted, no monetary
amount shall be assigned as attributable to any goodwill associated with Franchisee’s use of the Sonic System
or the Proprietary Marks.

         9.03     Substitution of Proprietary Marks. Sonic reserves the right to add Proprietary Marks and
substitute different Proprietary Marks for use in identifying the Sonic System and Sonic Restaurants. If Sonic
does so, Franchisee agrees to comply with Sonic’s directions at Franchisee’s expense within a reasonable time
after receiving notice. All provisions of this Agreement relating to the Proprietary Marks apply to any
additional and substitute trademarks and service marks and related intellectual property that Sonic periodically
authorizes Franchisee to use.

        9.04    Actions Involving the Proprietary Marks. Franchisee agrees to notify Sonic promptly of any
actual or apparent infringement of or challenge to Franchisee’s use of any Proprietary Mark, or of any Person’s
                                                     15
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
