                                                                                             DA #: ___________

and materials; (j) knowledge and experience regarding the operation and franchising of Sonic Restaurants; and
(k) payment methods, including the pay-at-your-stall payment system (“PAYS”).

2.       DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS; BUSINESS ENTITY DEVELOPER.

        2.01    Grant of Development Rights. Sonic hereby grants Developer and/or any Controlled Affiliates
the right, and Developer assumes the obligation, to sign Sonic Franchise Agreements (defined below) to
develop and operate the number of Sonic Restaurants identified in the Contract Data Schedule (including the
Sonic Restaurant covered by the Existing Agreement, collectively, the “Developer Restaurants”) according to
a development schedule identified in the Contract Data Schedule (the “Development Schedule”), and within a
geographic area identified in the Contract Data Schedule (the “Development Area”).

         2.02    Development Schedule. Developer agrees to comply with the Development Schedule. Time
is of the essence for the development of each Sonic Restaurant in accordance with the Development Schedule.
Each Sonic Restaurant must be developed and operated pursuant to a separate Sonic Franchise Agreement that
Developer or a Controlled Affiliate signs with Sonic pursuant to Section 6 below. To retain its rights under
this Agreement, Developer (or its Controlled Affiliate) must operate each Developer Restaurant pursuant to
the terms of the applicable Sonic Franchise Agreements continuously throughout their terms.

      2.03     Business Entity Developer. If Developer is a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity, Developer shall comply with the following provisions:

                 (a)      Organizational Documents. Developer’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
         partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership, articles of organization and operating
         agreement, or similar governing documents (collectively, “Organizational Documents”), as applicable,
         shall provide that this Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any Ownership Interests in
         Developer, and all certificates and other documents representing Ownership Interests in Developer
         will bear a legend referring to this Agreement’s restrictions.

                  (b)    Statement of Legal Composition. Developer represents and warrants that Exhibit A
         to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of Developer’s Owners and their direct and
         indirect Ownership Interests in Developer as of the date of this Agreement. Subject to Sonic’s rights
         and Developer’s obligations under Section 8, Developer and its Owners agree to sign and deliver to
         Sonic revised Exhibits A to reflect any changes in the information that Exhibit A now contains.

3.       TERRITORIAL RIGHTS IN DEVELOPMENT AREA.

         3.01    Territorial Rights in Development Area. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.02, during
the term of this Agreement, if Developer is in compliance with this Agreement (including the Development
Schedule), and Developer and its Affiliates are in compliance with the terms of any other Related Agreements,
then Sonic shall not own or operate a Sonic Restaurant, and shall not franchise to any other Person to own or
operate a Sonic Restaurant (other than a Sonic Restaurant franchised prior to the date of this Agreement),
within the Development Area. However, if the Development Area covers more than one city, county,
designated market area or target area (each “Target Area”), the territorial protection under this Section 3.01
for each Target Area shall expire upon the earlier of (a) the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or (b)
the date upon which Developer or a Controlled Affiliate signs a Sonic Franchise Agreement for the final Sonic
Restaurant to be developed in such Target Area under this Agreement. When the territorial protection under
this Section 3.01 expires with respect to the Development Area or Target Area (as applicable), Sonic will
thereafter be entitled to own and operate, and franchise to any other Person to own and operate, a Sonic
Restaurant in the Development Area or Target Area (as applicable), except as may be otherwise provided under
any Sonic Franchise Agreement then in effect.

                                                      3
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Development Agreement
1625635753.2
