                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

supersede all prior and contemporaneous, oral or written agreements or understandings of the parties relating
to the subject matter of this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement is
intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document. This Agreement shall
be binding upon the parties, and their heirs, executors, personal representatives, and permitted successors and
assigns. Any policies that Sonic adopts and implements from time to time to guide Sonic in its decision-
making are subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement and are not binding on Sonic. Except as provided
in Section 18.03, nothing in this Agreement is intended nor deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any
Person not a party to this Agreement.

        20.02 Amendment. Subject to Sonic’s rights to modify the Sonic Operations Manual and Sonic
System, this Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement signed by both
Franchisee and Sonic.

         20.03 No Waiver. Sonic and Franchisee may by written instrument unilaterally waive or reduce any
obligation of or restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice to
the other or another effective date stated in the notice of waiver. However, no interpretation, change,
termination or waiver of any of this Agreement’s provisions shall be binding upon Sonic unless in writing and
signed by one of Sonic’s officers, and which is specifically identified as an amendment, termination or waiver
under this Agreement. Sonic and Franchisee will not be deemed to waive or impair any right, power or option
this Agreement reserves because of any custom or practice at variance with its terms; Sonic’s or Franchisee’s
failure, refusal or neglect to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon the other’s compliance
with this Agreement; Sonic’s waiver of or failure to exercise any right, power or option, whether of the same,
similar or different nature, with other Sonic Restaurants; the existence of franchise or license agreements for
other Sonic Restaurants which contain provisions different from those contained in this Agreement; or Sonic’s
acceptance of any payments due from Franchisee after any breach of this Agreement.

         20.04 Interpretation. The recitals and Contract Data Schedule are a part of this Agreement. Section
and Subsection captions are used only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of this
Agreement or as a limitation of the scope of the particular Sections and Subsections to which they refer. Words
of any gender used in this Agreement shall include any other gender, and words in the singular shall include
the plural where the context requires. The words “include,” “including,” and words of similar import shall be
interpreted to mean “including, but not limited to” and the terms following such words shall be interpreted as
examples of, and not an exhaustive list of, the appropriate subject matter. If more than one Person is Franchisee
hereunder, each Person’s liability shall be joint and several. Sonic’s and Franchisee’s rights under this
Agreement are cumulative, and their exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will
not preclude their exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy under this Agreement which they are
entitled by law to enforce.

         20.05 Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each Section,
Subsection, paragraph, term and provision of this Agreement is severable, and if, for any reason, any part is
held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict with any applicable present or future law or regulation in a final,
unappealable ruling issued by any court, agency or arbitrator with competent jurisdiction, that ruling will not
impair the operation of, or otherwise affect, any other portions of this Agreement, which will continue to have
full force and effect and bind the parties. If any covenant which restricts competitive activity is deemed
unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area, business activity prohibited, and/or length of time, but
would be enforceable if modified, Franchisee and Sonic agree that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest
extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction whose law determines the
covenant’s validity. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires more notice than this
Agreement requires of termination or of Sonic’s refusal to enter into a renewal franchise agreement, or if,
under any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any aspect
                                                       34
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
