                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

claim of any rights in any Proprietary Mark, and not to communicate with any person other than Sonic, its
licensor, and its and its licensor’s attorneys, and Franchisee’s attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge
or claim. Sonic or its licensor may take the action that Sonic or it deems appropriate (including no action) and
control exclusively any litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding or other proceeding arising
from any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark. Franchisee agrees
to sign any documents and take any other reasonable actions that Sonic specifies as necessary or advisable to
protect and maintain Sonic’s and its licensor’s interests in any proceeding or the Proprietary Marks. At its
option, Sonic or its licensor may defend and control the defense of any litigation or proceeding relating to any
Proprietary Mark.

         9.05    Innovations. All ideas, concepts, techniques or materials relating to a Sonic Restaurant
(collectively, “Innovations”), whether or not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for
Franchisee or its Owners, employees or contractors, must be promptly disclosed to Sonic and will be deemed
to be Sonic’s sole and exclusive property, part of the Sonic System, and works made-for-hire for Sonic. To
the extent any Innovation does not qualify as a work made-for-hire for Sonic, by this paragraph Franchisee
assigns ownership of that Innovation, and all related rights to that Innovation, to Sonic and agrees to sign (and
to cause its Owners, employees and contractors to sign) whatever assignment or other documents Sonic
requests to evidence its ownership or to help Sonic or its Affiliate obtain intellectual property rights in the
Innovation. Sonic and its Affiliates have no obligation to make any payments to Franchisee or any other Person
with respect to any Innovations. Franchisee may not use any Innovation in operating the Restaurant or
otherwise without Sonic’s prior approval.

10.     CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

        10.01 Sonic Confidential Information. Sonic will disclose certain Confidential Information to
Franchisee in furnishing Franchisee the Sonic Plans and Specifications, the training programs, and the Sonic
Operations Manual, and in providing guidance and assistance to Franchisee during the term of this Agreement.
Franchisee acknowledges that Confidential Information will be disclosed by Sonic through various means,
including orally, in writing, and electronically, such as on a restricted Intranet or other website.

        10.02 Franchisee’s Use of Confidential Information. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that
Franchisee shall not acquire any interest in the Confidential Information, other than the right to utilize it in the
development and operation of the Restaurant during the term of this Agreement, and that the use or duplication
of the Confidential Information in any other business would constitute an unfair method of competition.
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the Confidential Information is proprietary to Sonic (or its Affiliate),
may constitute trade secrets of Sonic (or its Affiliate), and is disclosed to Franchisee solely on the condition
that Franchisee agrees, and Franchisee does hereby agree, that Franchisee:

                (a)      shall not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity, or for the
        benefit of any other Person;

                 (b)     shall maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information, and shall
        not disclose or divulge the Confidential Information to any unauthorized Person, during and after the
        term of the Agreement;

                (c)     shall not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential Information
        disclosed in any form (except in connection with instruction of employees in the operation of the
        Restaurant); and


                                                       16
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
