                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

respect to those additional Gross Sales; (b) interest on all unpaid amounts (from the original due date) at a rate
equal to that provided by Section 7.04; and (c) a ten percent (10%) surcharge on all unpaid amounts to cover
Sonic’s additional administrative costs and expenses. If such inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually
exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee as Franchisee’s Gross Sales by an amount equal to three percent
(3%) or more, then Franchisee shall also bear the cost of such inspection and audit at rates and fees customarily
charged by Sonic for such auditing and inspecting services and duties.

         11.05 Third-Party Audit. If Sonic has reason to believe that Franchisee may not have reported all of
its Gross Sales on an accurate and timely basis, then Sonic may require Franchisee to have its profit and loss
statement and balance sheet certified by an independent public accountant and delivered to Sonic. Franchisee
shall at its expense cause a Certified Public Accountant to consult with Sonic concerning such statement and
balance sheet.

        11.06 Franchisee’s Failure to Timely Deliver Financial Records. If Franchisee fails to provide Sonic
with complete Gross Sales reports or other financial reports on a timely basis for any period as required by this
Agreement, then Franchisee shall pay Sonic (or Sonic may debit Franchisee’s account for) an amount equal to
one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the last royalty fees, contributions to the SMF and SBF (each as defined
in Section 12 below), and other amounts that Franchisee previously paid Sonic (or Sonic debited). If the
amounts that Franchisee pays Sonic (or Sonic debits from Franchisee’s account) are less than the amounts
Franchisee actually owes Sonic, as calculated once Sonic has determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales,
Franchisee shall pay Sonic (or Sonic will debit Franchisee’s account for) the balance, plus the amounts due
under Section 7.04, on the day Sonic specifies. If the amounts that Franchisee pays Sonic (or Sonic debits
from Franchisee’s account) are greater than the amounts Franchisee actually owes Sonic, as calculated once
Sonic has determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales, Sonic will credit the excess (without interest) against
the amounts Franchisee otherwise owes Sonic during the following period(s).

        11.07 Financial Disclosure. Sonic shall have the right to assemble and disseminate to third parties
financial and other information regarding Franchisee, the Restaurant, and other franchisees of Sonic and Sonic
Restaurants to the extent required by law or to the extent necessary or appropriate to further the interests of
Sonic (or its Affiliates), the Sonic System or the Sonic Restaurant network as a whole.

         11.08 Accounting Services. If Franchisee is late three (3) or more times during any twelve (12)-
month period in paying any fee, fund contribution or other amount owned under this Agreement, Sonic shall
have the right to require Franchisee to use the accounting services that Sonic specifies (which may be provided
by Sonic or its Affiliate) at Franchisee’s expense for the remaining term of this Agreement. This requirement
is in addition to all other rights Sonic may have under the terms of this Agreement and otherwise.

12.     ADVERTISING AND BRAND EXPENDITURES AND TECHNOLOGY FUND.

         12.01 Advertising Cooperatives. If the Restaurant lies within a DMA for which a Sonic-approved
advertising cooperative has been formed, Franchisee (a) shall join such advertising cooperative or such other
advertising cooperative as Sonic periodically designates; (b) shall abide by, follow, support, and promote the
financial accounting requirements that Sonic periodically establishes for advertising cooperatives, including
complying with the format of financial reporting Sonic requires, acknowledging Sonic’s right to audit the
advertising cooperative, cooperating fully with Sonic in the event of any such audit, and using either the
cooperative accounting services of Sonic or another Sonic-approved accounting service; (c) shall support the
adoption of only those bylaws approved by Sonic for the advertising cooperative; and (d) shall not purchase
media outside of the advertising cooperative. Franchisee shall (at Sonic’s direction) either pay to Sonic directly
or contribute to such advertising cooperative an amount that the advertising cooperative requires from time to
time. If Franchisee pays the advertising cooperative amount directly to Sonic, Franchisee will pay such amount
                                                      18
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
