                                               SONIC FRANCHISING LLC
                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     The 2020-1 Class A-1 Senior Variable Funding Notes (“2020 Sonic Variable Funding Notes”) allow for the issuance of up
     to $25.0 million of variable funding notes and certain other credit instruments, including total letters of credit of $25.0
     million, in support of various Sonic subsidiary obligations. As of December 28, 2025, the Company had no outstanding
     borrowings under the 2020 Sonic Variable Funding Notes, exclusive of $12.4 million of outstanding letters of credit. As of
     December 28, 2025, there was $12.6 million of remaining capacity for future borrowings.

     Legal Matters

     The Company is involved in various litigation and claims incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters
     cannot be predicted with certainty and some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company, based on
     currently available information, including legal defenses available to the Company and its legal reserves and insurance
     coverages, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its
     financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

6.   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The Company licenses certain Sonic trademarks and trade names from Affiliates. License fees charged to the Company by
     the Affiliates, which are based primarily on royalty fees collected by the Company, are included in “Royalty fees to
     Affiliates” in the accompanying statements of income. As a result of this related party licensing transaction, results of
     operations of the Company may not be indicative of those that would have been achieved had the Company operated on a
     stand-alone basis.

7.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through March 19, 2026, the date the financial
     statements were available to be issued, and there are no items to disclose or that require adjustment.

                                                            ******




                                                            11
