meet all functionality, performance and informational requirements we periodically specify, including
the ability to remain open for business, comply with customer orders, report your sales, maintain daily
sales records and activity reports, maintain and submit any other reports we require, receive
communications from us, remit royalty and advertising payments, and accept and process credit cards,
debit cards, mobile ordering and payment systems and gift cards. You must use only pre-approved
providers for the technology systems in your Restaurant, including your POS system, back office
system, payment platform, digital channels and technology support. Our affiliate also provides
cybersecurity services and certain technology and services to coordinate and streamline some aspects
of operations associated with delivery services that Sonic Restaurants provide. We may periodically
require changes or upgrades to the specific software, hardware and computer equipment. No contract
limits the frequency or cost of your obligations. We will have unlimited, independent access to the
information that your POS system and other internet-connected technology systems generates and
stores, including detailed sales information. For clarity’s sake, we will not access individual
employee personal data (including contact information, social security numbers, rate of pay or similar
information) without your consent or a legal requirement. You must ensure that your POS system
and internet-connected technology systems are online and available for access. You alone are
responsible for analyzing, addressing, fixing, and assuring your own POS and technology compliance,
including any required Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance. You should assemble a team to
understand the POS and related technology problems within your business.

For Traditional Sonic Drive-Ins and Non-Traditional Sonics with parking stalls, you must install and
maintain the POPS digital marketing platform and the additional hardware and software mobile
ordering and payment technology. We may require you to use certain software to generate sales and
other transactional information in the form we require. The costs of these systems range from
approximately $72,000 for a Non-Drive-In Location or Non-Traditional Sonic with no stalls to
approximately $182,000 for a Traditional Sonic with 30 stalls. The annual cost for mandatory
software and hardware maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates for the POS is between $4,000
and $8,000 annually. The annual cost for other services such as field repairs, and optional services
can vary widely depending on need, but will approximately cost between $1,000 and $5,000.
Otherwise neither we, our affiliate, nor any third party has any obligation to provide ongoing
maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates.

Training Programs

Sonic Training Program

Your Principal and two other people who oversee the operations of your Restaurant must attend and
successfully complete the Sonic Training Program to our satisfaction before your Restaurant’s
opening. In this training we will provide on-the-job training for each position in the Restaurant so
that you can learn how to operate the Restaurant and train your staff. We do not charge any fees for
your first 3 trainees to attend the Sonic Training Program, but you must pay the salaries, travel, and
living expenses for all persons who attend training. The fee for additional trainees to attend training
is $5,000 per person. Training is held on a rolling basis throughout the year. The Sonic Training
Program is described below.




                                                  46
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
