                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

(b) proprietary and Confidential Information, including information in the Sonic Operations Manual; (c)
methods and procedures for the preparation of food and beverage products; (d) confidential recipes for food
and beverage products; (e) distinctive service accessories, including uniforms, menus, packages, containers,
and additional paper or plastic items; (f) plans and specifications for distinctive standardized premises,
including exterior style, color scheme, designs, layouts, interior furnishings and signage (whether copyrighted
or not); (g) methods, techniques, formats, systems, specifications, procedures, information, trade secrets, and
sales and marketing programs; (h) methods of business operations and management; (i) marketing techniques
and materials; (j) knowledge and experience regarding the operation and franchising of Sonic Restaurants; and
(k) payment methods, including the pay-at-your-stall payment system (“PAYS”).

2.      FRANCHISE GRANT AND BUSINESS ENTITY FRANCHISEE.

         2.01    Grant of Franchise. Sonic grants to Franchisee the right, license, and privilege, and Franchisee
assumes the obligation, to adopt and use the Sonic System to develop and operate a Sonic Restaurant at the
Site (defined below) during the Term (defined below).

      2.02     Business Entity Franchisee. If Franchisee is a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity, Franchisee shall comply with the following provisions:

                (a)     Restaurant Ownership and Operation. Only Franchisee is authorized to operate the
        Restaurant, and Franchisee agrees that Franchisee shall be the tenant under any lease for the Restaurant
        and shall own or lease all operating assets of the Restaurant. The Restaurant and, if applicable, other
        Sonic Restaurants will be the only businesses that Franchisee operates.

                (b)      Organizational Documents. Franchisee’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
        partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership, articles of organization and operating
        agreement, or similar governing documents (collectively, “Organizational Documents”), as applicable,
        shall provide that this Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any Ownership Interests in
        Franchisee, and all certificates and other documents representing Ownership Interests in Franchisee
        will bear a legend referring to this Agreement’s restrictions.

                 (c)    Statement of Legal Composition. Franchisee represents and warrants that Exhibit A
        to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of Franchisee’s Owners and their direct and
        indirect Ownership Interests in Franchisee as of the date of this Agreement. Subject to Sonic’s rights
        and Franchisee’s obligations under Section 14, Franchisee and its Owners agree to sign and deliver to
        Sonic revised Exhibits A to reflect any changes in the information that Exhibit A now contains.

                 (d)    Principal. An individual whom Sonic approves (the “Principal”) must at all times
        during the Term: (a) own (directly or indirectly) more than fifty percent (50%) of the Ownership
        Interests in Franchisee; (b) have the authority under Franchisee’s Organizational Documents to
        authorize a merger, liquidation, dissolution or transfer of substantially all of the assets of Franchisee
        and otherwise to direct and control Franchisee’s management and policies without the vote or consent
        of any other Person; and (c) devote sufficient time and attention to the promotion and operation of the
        Restaurant. The Principal as of the date of this Agreement is listed on Exhibit A.

                (e)      Guarantees. The Principal and each other Owner (if any) who owns (directly or
        indirectly) ten percent (10%) or more of the Ownership Interests in Franchisee at any time during the
        Term must sign an agreement in the form Sonic designates undertaking personally to be bound, jointly
        and severally, by all provisions of this Agreement and any ancillary agreements between Sonic (or its
        Affiliate) and Franchisee, the current version of which is Exhibit B to this Agreement.
                                                      4
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
