                                                                                            DA #: ___________

                                         SONIC RESTAURANT
                                      DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

        This Development Agreement (this “Development Agreement” or “Agreement”), dated as of the
Effective Date, is made by and between Sonic and Developer, all of which are defined in the Contract Data
Schedule.

                                                 RECITALS

         A.     Sonic or its Affiliate (defined below) is the owner of, and Sonic has the right to license, the
Sonic System (defined below) that is used in the development and operation of drive-in restaurants and other
restaurants which feature specialty drinks, ice cream desserts, cheeseburgers, chicken entrees, hot dogs and
other items, and which operate under the Sonic System and Proprietary Marks (defined below), as Sonic may
periodically modify them (collectively, “Sonic Restaurants”).

         B.      Prior to or simultaneously with signing this Agreement, Sonic and Developer (or its Controlled
Affiliate (defined below)) have signed or are signing the Existing Franchise Agreement that is set forth in the
Contract Data Schedule.

         C.      Developer wishes to obtain the right and obligation to propose sites on which to develop Sonic
Restaurants and sign license agreements with Sonic to construct and operate those Sonic Restaurants, subject
to the terms, conditions, and covenants set forth herein.

       In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and consideration below, Sonic and
Developer agree as follows:

1.      DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, unless the context of
their use in this Agreement requires otherwise, the following words and phrases shall have the following
meanings when used in this Agreement.

        1.01     Affiliate. “Affiliate” means any Person which directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries Controls the specified Person, the specified Person Controls, or shares a common Control with
the specified Person.

         1.02     Control. “Control” means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by contract, or otherwise.

        1.03    Controlled Affiliates. “Controlled Affiliates” any corporation, limited liability company or
other business of which Developer (or its Owners) (a) owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the total
authorized Ownership Interests; and (b) has the authority under the Controlled Affiliate’s organizational
documents to authorize a merger, liquidation, dissolution or transfer of substantially all of the assets of the
Controlled Affiliate and otherwise to direct and control the Controlled Affiliate’s management and policies
without the vote or consent of any other Person.

       1.04      Non-Drive-In Location. “Non-Drive-In Location” means any permanent or temporary Sonic
Restaurant facility (other than a Non-Traditional Location) that is not a free-standing building with canopies
devoted solely to the Sonic Restaurant and ordering capability accessible to the general public by automobile
from public thoroughfares. Non-Drive-In Locations include convenience stores, gas stations and travel plazas.




2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Development Agreement
1625635753.2
