                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

                 (c)      Upon opening the Restaurant, each of the Restaurant personnel who has shift
        responsibility or employee oversight responsibility at the Restaurant (collectively, the “Management
        Personnel”) must be certified in ServSafe or in another comparable, nationally-recognized food safety
        training and certification program approved by Sonic, the cost of which shall be borne by Franchisee.
        Management Personnel subsequently employed by Franchisee at the Restaurant shall have one
        hundred twenty (120) days from the beginning date of such employment to successfully complete such
        training. Franchisee shall pay wages and all travel, living and other expenses for such persons while
        participating in the training.

                (d)       Franchisee acknowledges the importance of obtaining additional proper training
        during the development of its (or its Affiliates’) first three (3) Sonic Restaurants placed in operation.
        Therefore, if the Restaurant developed under this Agreement is, at the time it first opens for business,
        one of the first three Sonic Restaurants that Franchisee or its Affiliates then operate, then at Sonic’s
        option, Franchisee agrees to participate in, and agrees to accept and pay the expenses of, Sonic’s
        Franchisee Certified Training Team training program in connection with the opening of the Restaurant.

                (e)       During the Term, Sonic may require Franchisee and/or its personnel, including the
        Principal, to attend and satisfactorily complete various training courses and programs and evaluation
        programs, including online training, that Sonic provides periodically at the times and locations Sonic
        designates, and Franchisee will pay the then-current additional training fees. At Sonic’s option,
        Franchisee must acquire the equipment, technology, and other products and services that Sonic
        periodically specifies (and pay all associated fees) in order to participate in the learning management
        platform or other Sonic Restaurant training system that Sonic periodically designates.

        6.02   Providing Sonic Operations Manual. Sonic will provide Franchisee access during the term of
this Agreement to the Sonic Operations Manual for use in operating the Restaurant. The Sonic Operations
Manual might include written or intangible materials and may be made available to Franchisee by various
means. The Sonic Operations Manual contains mandatory and suggested standards. Sonic may modify the
Sonic Operations Manual periodically to reflect changes in standards. Franchisee agrees to keep its copy of
the Sonic Operations Manual current and communicate all updates to its employees in a timely manner.

         6.03    Communication. Sonic agrees to regularly advise and consult with Franchisee in connection
with the operation of the Restaurant, including advertising materials and new developments, techniques, and
improvements in areas of restaurant equipment, management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent
to the operation of a Sonic Restaurant.

7.      FEES.

         7.01     Initial Franchise Fee. Simultaneously with signing this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay Sonic
an initial franchise fee in an amount equal to the amount set forth on the Contract Data Schedule. This initial
franchise fee is fully earned by Sonic upon payment and is non-refundable.

        7.02    Royalty Fees. On or before the tenth (10th) day of each calendar month, Franchisee shall pay
a royalty fee equal to five percent (5%) of Gross Sales for the calendar month preceding the date of such
payment. The payment of royalty fees, as well as the payment of any other obligations incurred under this
Agreement, shall be made via automated clearing house (ACH) or other electronic means periodically
approved by Sonic.

        7.03    Transfer Fee. Franchisee shall pay Sonic a transfer fee in the amount of (a) One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000) for any transfer pursuant to Section 14.02(a) or Section 14.04, or any transfer to a member of
                                                     10
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
