                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

together with the SMF contribution, and Sonic will direct the advertising cooperative amounts to the
appropriate advertising cooperative. If Franchisee pays the advertising cooperative amount directly to the
advertising cooperative, such contributions shall occur no less often than each calendar month. Sonic and the
advertising cooperative may periodically modify the contribution amount required for the SMF contribution
and advertising cooperative amount, but Sonic will not require a total combined SMF and advertising
cooperative contribution amount of more than five percent (5%) of Gross Sales. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the advertising cooperative may vote to require additional contributions in excess of the amounts
that Sonic may require pursuant to this Section 12.01, and Sonic may at any time alternatively designate other
uses for any portion of such advertising cooperative contribution if Sonic determines, in its sole judgment, that
there is less need for advertising and a greater need for another use. If there exists no Sonic-approved
advertising cooperative in the DMA in which the Restaurant is located on the date of this Agreement,
Franchisee shall promptly form an advertising cooperative for the DMA and further comply with the
requirements set forth in this Agreement applicable to and related to advertising cooperatives.

         12.02 System Marketing Fund. Sonic or its designee shall maintain and administer a marketing fund
for the Sonic System titled the System Marketing Fund (the “SMF”) in accordance with this Section 12.02.

                (a)    The SMF shall be administered by Sonic. On or before the tenth (10th) day of each
        calendar month, Franchisee shall pay to the SMF an amount equal to two and three quarters percent
        (2.75%) of Gross Sales of the Restaurant during the previous calendar month (or such higher amount
        as Sonic may periodically prescribe), subject to Section 12.01 above.

                (b)     Sonic shall direct all marketing programs with sole discretion over the creative
        concepts, materials, and media used in such programs. Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic and its
        designees undertake no obligation in administering the SMF to make expenditures for or which impact
        Franchisee or the Restaurant which are equivalent or proportionate to Franchisee’s contribution.

                  (c)     The SMF is intended to complement local marketing efforts by promoting the message
        of the Sonic brand to an expanded audience. The SMF and all earnings thereof shall be used primarily
        to purchase national broadcast, print, interactive, and other media (such as digital media platforms and
        dynamic content optimization), sponsorships, and brand enhancement opportunities. The SMF and its
        earnings shall not inure to the benefit of Sonic, although for the avoidance of doubt this does not prohibit
        the SMF from paying the actual costs that Sonic and its Affiliates may incur (including actual
        employment-related costs) in the development or implementation of programs and materials consistent
        with the SMF’s purposes under this Section 12.02 for the benefit of franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant
        network. The SMF is not an asset of Sonic, and an independent certified public accountant designated
        by Sonic shall review the operation of the SMF annually, and the report shall be made available to
        Franchisee upon request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the body approved and designated by Sonic
        as the body to consult with regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of the SMF (such as the
        Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its successor) may designate the independent
        public accountant to conduct the required review of the operation of the SMF if requested in writing
        at least thirty (30) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the end of each fiscal year.

                (d)      Although Sonic intends the SMF to be of perpetual duration, Sonic maintains the right
        to terminate the SMF. The SMF shall not be terminated, however, until all monies in the SMF have
        been expended for marketing and promotional purposes in accordance with this Section 12.02.

                (e)    On at least a quarterly basis, Sonic shall consult with the body approved and
        designated by Sonic (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its successor)

                                                      19
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
