                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

        party’s appointed appraiser shall be the sole appraiser to determine the Purchase Price under this
        Subsection (d). Sonic and Franchisee each will bear the costs of its own appointed appraiser and share
        equally the fees and expenses of the third appraiser. Within thirty (30) days after Sonic delivers the
        Exercise Notice, each party shall submit its respective calculation of the Purchase Price to the
        appraisers in such detail as the appraisers request and according to the criteria specified in Subsection
        (c). Within ten (10) days after receiving both calculations, the appraisers shall determine, by a majority
        vote, and notify Franchisee and Sonic which of the calculations is the most correct. The appraisers
        must choose either Franchisee’s or Sonic’s calculation and may not develop their own fair market
        value calculation. The appraisers’ choice shall be the Purchase Price.

                 (e)     Sonic will pay the Purchase Price at the closing, which will take place within sixty
        (60) days after the Purchase Price is determined, provided that Sonic may delay the closing until it
        obtains all necessary licenses and permits to operate the Restaurant and all title insurance policies,
        landlord estoppels and other real estate documents that Sonic requires. Sonic may set off against the
        Purchase Price, and reduce the Purchase Price by, any and all amounts Franchisee owes Sonic or its
        Affiliates and any amounts owed to Franchisee’s creditors relating to the Restaurant. Sonic is entitled
        to all customary representations, warranties and indemnities in its asset purchase, including
        representations and warranties as to ownership and condition of, and title to, assets, liens and
        encumbrances on assets, validity of contracts and agreements, and liabilities affecting the assets,
        contingent or otherwise, and indemnities for all actions, events and conditions that existed or occurred
        in connection with the Restaurant or Franchisee’s business prior to the closing of the purchase. At the
        closing, Franchisee agrees to deliver instruments transferring to Sonic: (i) good and merchantable title
        to the Restaurant Assets, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, with all sales and transfer taxes
        paid by Franchisee; and (ii) all of the Restaurant’s licenses and permits which may be assigned or
        transferred. If Franchisee cannot deliver clear title to all of the Restaurant Assets, or if there are other
        unresolved issues, the sale will be closed through an escrow. Franchisee and its Owners further agree
        to sign general releases, in a form satisfactory to Sonic, of any and all claims against Sonic and its
        Affiliates and its and their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
        successors and assigns.

                (f)      Sonic may assign its option under this Section 16.03 to any Person (who may be
        Sonic’s Affiliate), and that Person will have all of the rights and obligations under this Section 16.03.

         16.04 Continuing Obligations. The covenants set forth in this Section 16 and Section 17.03, and all
of Sonic’s and Franchisee’s (and its Owners’) other obligations under this Agreement which expressly or by
their nature survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination, will continue in full force and effect subsequent
to and notwithstanding its expiration or termination and until these obligations are satisfied in full or by their
nature expire.

17.     COVENANTS.

         17.01 Best Efforts. During the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall use best efforts to promote
the business of the Restaurant and devote Franchisee’s full time, energies, and attention to the operation and
management of the Restaurant, and shall not engage in any other business or activity that might detract from,
interfere with, or be detrimental to the Proprietary Marks or Franchisee’s full and timely performance under
this Agreement (except the ownership and operation of other Sonic Restaurants under franchise agreements
with Sonic).

        17.02 Restrictions During the Term. Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic has granted Franchisee
the Franchise and the other rights under this Agreement in consideration of and reliance upon Franchisee’s and
                                                      30
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
