                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

        regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of the SMF and shall report to that body on the
        SMF’s operation.

        12.03 Sonic Brand Fund. Sonic or its designee shall maintain and administer a fund for the Sonic
System titled the Sonic Brand Fund (the “SBF”) (formerly known as the Sonic Advertising Fund) in accordance
with this Section 12.03.

                (a)     On or before the tenth (10th) day of each month, Franchisee shall pay to the SBF a
        brand contribution fee in an amount equal to nine-tenths of one percent (0.90%) of the Gross Sales of
        the Restaurant during the previous calendar month.

                (b)     Sonic shall direct all brand programs with sole discretion over the concepts, materials,
        guidelines, and media used in such programs. The SBF is intended to enhance the Sonic System and
        maximize general public recognition and acceptance of the Proprietary Marks for the benefit of the
        Sonic Restaurant network, and Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic and its designees undertake no
        obligation in administering the SBF to make expenditures for Franchisee which are equivalent or
        proportionate to Franchisee’s contribution.

                 (c)      The SBF and all earnings thereof shall be used exclusively to meet any and all costs
        of maintaining, administering, directing, and preparing advertising and other promotional programs
        (including the cost of preparing and conducting television, radio, magazine, and newspaper advertising
        campaigns and other public relations activities; employing advertising agencies to assist therein; and
        providing promotional brochures and other marketing materials to franchisees in the Sonic System) as
        well as any other purpose that promotes, enhances, or protects the Sonic System, including food safety
        programs, customer feedback programs, and Sonic games. The SBF shall pay Sonic monthly an
        amount equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the SBF’s receipts during the preceding month, but not to
        exceed Sonic’s actual administrative costs and overhead, if any, as Sonic may incur in activities
        reasonably related to the administration or direction of the SBF for the franchisees and the Sonic
        Restaurant network, including conducting market research, preparing marketing, advertising, and
        other materials, and collecting and accounting for assessments for the SBF. The SBF and its earnings
        shall not inure to the benefit of Sonic.

                (d)     The SBF is not an asset of Sonic, and an independent certified public accountant
        designated by Sonic shall review the operation of the SBF annually, and the report shall be made
        available to Franchisee upon request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the body approved and
        designated by Sonic as the body to consult with regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of
        the SBF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its successor) may designate
        the independent public accountant to conduct the required review of the operation of the SBF if
        requested in writing at least thirty (30) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the end of each fiscal
        year.

                (e)     Although Sonic intends the SBF to be of perpetual duration, Sonic maintains the right
        to terminate the SBF. The SBF shall not be terminated, however, until all monies in the SBF have
        been expended in accordance with this Section 12.03.

                (f)    On at least a quarterly basis, Sonic shall consult with the body approved and
        designated by Sonic (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its successor)
        regarding Sonic’s maintenance and administration of the SBF and shall report to that body on the
        SBF’s operation.

                                                      20
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
