       that franchisees submit to us and from data that we collected from franchisees’ POS systems.
       We have not independently audited that information. Prospective franchisees and sellers of
       franchises should be advised that no certified public accountant has audited these figures or
       expressed his or her opinion concerning their contents or form. Upon your reasonable request,
       we will provide written substantiation for these financial performance representations. A
       Sonic Restaurant’s sales may vary depending on a number of factors, such as the restaurant’s
       location and physical condition, other characteristics of the site (such as access and signage),
       seasonality, competition and demographics in the market, pricing decisions, the level and
       types of marketing the restaurant undertakes, the quality of management and service,
       commitment to training staff, a franchisee’s business acumen, and the length of time the
       restaurant has been open. The 2025 Franchised Restaurants offer essentially the same
       products and services, face the same kinds of competitive challenges, and receive the same
       level of support from us that we expect new franchisees will experience.

(4)    A free-standing location is generally a stand-alone building on a pad or outlot. An urban
       storefront is generally a ground-level, street-facing commercial space in a densely populated
       area. A Gas/C-Store location is generally a Drive-Thru Only Location, convenience store,
       gas filling station or travel plaza.

(5)    These financial performance representations do not reflect the costs of sales, operating
       expenses or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the AUV figures to obtain
       your net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and
       expenses you will incur in operating your Restaurant. Franchisees or former franchisees,
       listed in this disclosure document, may be one source of this information.

Some outlets have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no assurance
that you’ll sell as much.

Other than the preceding financial performance representations, we do not make any financial
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any
such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we
may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other financial performance
information or projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management
by contacting our Vice President, Franchise Counsel, Lisa Storey, Esq. at Three Glenlake Parkway
NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 or (678) 514-4100, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate
state regulatory agencies.




                                                  65
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
