                           SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Company reviews property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their carrying value
exceeds the undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset groups. If the asset groups are not
deemed to be recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.

During the years 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company determined no impairment was indicated for its intangible and other
definite-lived assets.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.

Franchise fees and royalty revenues

The Company’s franchisees and Affiliates pay royalties based on a percentage of sales. Royalties are recognized as revenue
when they are earned. Franchise Drive-In openings typically occur as a result of existing development agreements. Each
development agreement gives a developer the exclusive right to construct, own and operate Sonic Drive-Ins within a defined
area. In exchange, each developer agrees to open a minimum number of Sonic Drive-Ins in the area within a prescribed time
period. Franchisees who enter into development agreements typically pay a fee, which is credited against the initial
franchise fees due when Sonic Drive-Ins are opened. The initial franchise fees are paid for services provided relating to the
sale of the franchise license. These fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of each
respective franchise agreement. Any unamortized portion of the initial franchise fee is presented in the consolidated balance
sheets as "Current portion of deferred revenue" and "Noncurrent deferred revenue."

Rental income

Rental income from real estate the Company owns and leases to others, including rental income from Affiliates, is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective operating lease terms. Rental income for base rentals is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms. The differences between the straight-line rent amounts and amounts
receivable under lease contracts are recorded as deferred rent assets in current or long-term assets, as appropriate. Variable
lease receipts are recognized as earned, and any amounts received from lessees in advance of achieving stipulated thresholds
are deferred until such thresholds are achieved. Deferred variable lease receipts are reported as "Current portion of deferred
revenue" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Income Taxes

The Company is included in the consolidated U.S. federal and certain state income tax returns of Inspire. The Company had
prepared its income tax provision under the pro rata method by recording the Company's relative contribution to the Inspire
consolidated income tax provision. The Company was a party to a formal tax sharing agreement between Inspire and certain
of its subsidiaries (the "Tax Sharing Agreement"). The Company made tax payments directly to certain state governmental
jurisdictions for only itself. Differences between the Company's income tax provision and income taxes pursuant to the
terms of the Company's Tax Sharing Agreement had been recognized as contributions from and distributions to Parent.
Current amounts due to or from Inspire or affiliates were included in "Other current liabilities" or "Prepaid expenses and
other current assets," respectively.

The Company is a single-member limited liability company which has not elected to be taxed as an association, and
consequently, is not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Federal and state income taxes are the responsibility of
the Parent. Beginning in 2023, Inspire elected not to allocate tax expense to the Company except for amounts related to a
subsidiary of the Company that was regarded by tax authorities. As a result of the change in tax status of this subsidiary as
of December 31, 2023, no deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements for
the Company for any of the years presented.

Debt Issuance Costs

Debt issuance costs are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related "Long-term debt, net" and are amortized as interest expense over the term of the related debt using the effective
interest method.


                                                            9
