                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

its Owners’ agreement to deal exclusively with Sonic in connection with the food and beverage products that
Sonic Restaurants emphasize and the drive-in concept. Franchisee therefore agrees that, during the term of
this Agreement, neither Franchisee nor any of its Owners, nor any member of any of their Immediate Families
(excluding children and stepchildren over twenty-one (21) years of age) will, directly or indirectly through one
or more intermediaries:

                (a)      engage in, provide services (as a director, officer, employee, agent, representative, or
        consultant) to, acquire any ownership, financial or other beneficial interest (including equity interests
        in business entities) in, loan money to, or become a landlord of, any Competitive Business (defined
        below), wherever located or operating;

                (b)     appropriate, use, or duplicate the Sonic System, or any portion thereof, for use at any
        other business, wherever located or operating; or

               (c)      divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business or customer of the
        Restaurant to another Competitive Business, wherever located or operating.

         17.03 Restrictions After the Term. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Franchisee
and its Owners agree that, for eighteen (18) months beginning on the effective date of termination or expiration
(subject to extension as provided in Section 17.07 below), neither Franchisee nor any of its Owners, nor any
member of any of their Immediate Families (excluding children and stepchildren over twenty-one (21) years
of age), in each case to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, will, directly or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, engage in, provide services (as a director, officer, employee, agent, representative, or
consultant) to, acquire any ownership, financial or other beneficial interest (including equity interests in
business entities) in, loan money to, or become a landlord of, any Competitive Business which is located or
operating (a) at the Restaurant’s premises; (b) within a three (3)-mile radius of the Restaurant’s premises; or
(c) within a three (3)-mile radius of any Sonic Restaurant then operating or under construction on the effective
date of the termination or expiration.

         17.04 Covenants by Others. At Sonic’s option, Franchisee shall from time to time, to the extent not
prohibited by applicable law, obtain covenants similar in substance to those set forth in this Section 17
(including covenants applicable upon the termination of a Person’s relationship with Franchisee) from all of
Franchisee’s Owners, and members of any of their Immediate Families. All covenants required by this Section
17.04 shall include specific identification of Sonic as a third-party beneficiary of such covenants with the
independent right to enforce them. Franchisee shall furnish to Sonic executed copies of such covenants within
ten (10) days after Sonic’s request.

         17.05 Definitions. In this Agreement, “Competitive Business” means (a) any quick service
restaurant that generates, or is reasonably expected to generate, at least ten percent (10%) of its revenue from
the sale of hamburgers; (b) any restaurant that features a drive-in (as opposed to a drive-thru) concept, such as
canopies or speakers and menu housings for ordering food; or (c) any entity that grants franchises or licenses
for any of these types of businesses referenced in (a) or (b) above. However, a Competitive Business shall not
include a Sonic Restaurant operated under an effective franchise agreement with Sonic.

        17.06 Exceptions to Ownership Restrictions. The restrictions in Sections 17.01(a) and 17.02 shall
not apply to the ownership of shares of a class of securities which are publicly traded on a United States stock
exchange representing less than two percent (2%) of the number of shares of that class of securities issued and
outstanding.


                                                     31
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
