us and our franchisees) and do not cure that violation within 45 days after notice of the breach, ADIBP
or its representative may cure the violation at our expense or seek an injunction to enforce compliance.
There are no other agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license the
use of the Proprietary Marks.

There are no currently effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, and no pending infringement,
opposition or cancellation proceedings, and no pending material litigation, involving the principal
Proprietary Marks. We do not know of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could
materially affect your use of the Proprietary Marks in any state.

You must notify us promptly of any actual or apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of
any Proprietary Mark, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any Proprietary Mark, and not
communicate with anyone other than us, ADIBP, and our and its attorneys, and your attorneys,
regarding any infringement, challenge or claim. We or ADIBP may take the action that we or it
deems appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any litigation, USPTO proceeding or
other proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise concerning any
Proprietary Mark. You must sign the documents and take any other reasonable actions that we specify
as necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our and ADIBP’s interests in any proceeding or the
Proprietary Marks. At our or its option, we or ADIBP may defend and control the defense of any
litigation or proceeding relating to any Proprietary Mark. We are not obligated, however, to institute
legal or other action to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition concerning
the Proprietary Marks. We need not participate in your defense nor indemnify you for expenses and
damages if you are a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding involving a Proprietary Mark
or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.

You may use the Proprietary Marks only according to the Franchise Agreement and as we periodically
designate and in the manner we periodically authorize and permit. You must use the Proprietary
Marks only for the operation of the Restaurant and not in any other business or capacity. During the
term of the Franchise Agreement, you must identify yourself as the independent owner of the
Restaurant together with any use of the Proprietary Marks in the manner that we periodically specify.
We may periodically add Proprietary Marks and substitute different Proprietary Marks for use in
identifying the Sonic system and Sonic Restaurants. If we do so, you must comply with our directions
at your expense within a reasonable time after receiving notice. All provisions of the Franchise
Agreement relating to the Proprietary Marks apply to any additional and substitute trademarks and
service marks and related intellectual property that we periodically authorize you to use.

The Development Agreement does not grant you any right to use, or authorize others to use, the
Proprietary Marks in any manner. Your right to use the Proprietary Marks arises only under Franchise
Agreements with us.

If we permit you to operate the Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may use the Other
Franchisor’s trademarks licensed to you under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with the
operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.




                                                   55
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
