                                 SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

     Organization and Operations

     Sonic Industries Services LLC, formerly known as Sonic Industries Services Inc., (collectively, with its subsidiaries, the
     "Company") is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Sonic LLC and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sonic Holding
     Company ("Sonic" or “Parent"). Sonic is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of IRB Holding Corp. ("IRB") which is an
     indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Inspire Brands, Inc. ("Inspire"), the ultimate parent. The Company has material
     transactions with Sonic, Inspire and subsidiaries of both ("Affiliates").

     The Company provides franchising services to a chain of quick-service restaurants in the United States ("U.S."). Revenues
     are derived primarily from royalty fees from franchisees and Affiliates. The Company also leases real estate to franchisees
     and Affiliates.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Principles of Consolidation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
     accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
     date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
     periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Fiscal Year

     The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31 and are
     referred to herein as (1) "the year ended December 28, 2025" or "2025," (2) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024"
     and (3) "the year ended December 31, 2023" or "2023." The years 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of 52 weeks.

     Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

     The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
     maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company maintained
     balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
     months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.

     The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
     restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.

     The Company holds restricted cash which primarily represents interest, principal, and commitment fee reserves related to
     the Company’s notes. In accordance with the Company’s securitized financing facilities, certain cash balances are required
     to be held for the benefit of the noteholders and are restricted in their use.

     Accounts Receivable, net

     The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
     franchise agreements. These receivables from franchisees are due within 30 days of the period in which the corresponding
     sales occur and are classified as "Accounts receivable, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company monitors
     accounts receivable and estimates the allowance for credit losses based upon the lifetime expected loss on receivables. These
     estimates are based on historical collection experience as well as other factors, including those related to current market
     conditions and events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its determination, the ultimate
     recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond its
     control.



                                                                  7
