option, you may use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and
other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Restaurant or only for the
business associated with the Other Restaurants. (Section 4 of the MBA)

Advertising and Marketing Obligations

Generally

We disseminate local, regional and national advertising for Sonic Restaurants through television,
radio, digital, print and other media. We make creative available to Sonic Restaurants for their local
store marketing programs. We disseminate radio and television advertising to the advertising
cooperatives which generally cover geographic regions known as “Designated Market Areas,” as
A.C. Nielsen Company periodically defines them (“DMA”). Our in-house marketing department
works closely with the national advertising agencies and our affiliates to produce the digital media,
print, radio and television advertising for the Sonic Drive-In chain.

You must conduct all advertising in any medium which references the Proprietary Marks or the
Restaurant in a dignified manner and ensure it conforms to the standards and requirements that we
periodically specify. You must submit to us, for our prior approval, samples of all advertising and
promotional plans and materials that you desire to use that reference the Proprietary Marks or the
Restaurant and that we have not prepared or previously approved. If we do not provide written
approval within 30 days after we receive the materials, they are deemed disapproved. Upon notice
from us, you must discontinue and/or remove any objectionable advertising or promotional materials,
whether or not they we previously approved them. (Section 12.04 of the Franchise Agreement)

We may create national or local promotional program(s) that, for a limited time, involve the giveaway
of a specified product, or its sale at some specified price. We may also create programs for frequency
and loyalty cards and redemption of gift certificates, coupons, and vouchers, the duration of which
will be determined by us. Currently, you must participate in the Sonic loyalty program. If we designate
any such program as mandatory, you must fully participate.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, unless we otherwise specify or
approve, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the Restaurant
may reference any Other Restaurant or the brand(s) under which they operate. (Section 4(f) of the
MBA)

Social Media

You may not develop, maintain or authorize a website or any other online presence (such as blogs,
common social networks like Facebook, professional networks like Linked-In, live-blogging tools
like X (f/k/a Twitter), virtual worlds, file, audio, photo and video sharing sites like TikTok, Pinterest,
SnapChat and Instagram, and other similar social networking or media sites or tools) or other
electronic medium (such as mobile applications, kiosks and other interactive properties or
technology-based programs) that mentions or describes you, the Restaurant or its products or services,
or that displays any of the Proprietary Marks, except as we may authorize periodically. (Franchise
Agreement, Section 8.08)



                                                   42
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
