       Provision                                 Section     Summary
 b.    Renewal or extension                      FA: 5.02    2 additional 10-year terms.

                                                 MBA: 3      You must satisfy the renewal
                                                             conditions set forth in, and be in
                                                             compliance with, the Franchise
                                                             Agreement and, if we require, renew
                                                             or extend the term of the Other
                                                             Franchise Agreement(s).

                                                 DA: 4       None.
 c.    Requirements for franchisee to renew or   FA: 5.02    Provide written notice and comply
       extend                                                with Sonic’s renewal requirements 6
                                                             to 12 months in advance of expiration
                                                             date, pay Sonic and its affiliates
                                                             amounts due, pay Sonic the renewal
                                                             fee, sign our then-current form of
                                                             Franchise Agreement (which may
                                                             contain materially different terms
                                                             than in the Franchise Agreement,
                                                             including different fees, different
                                                             Protected Area, and/or Franchisee’s
                                                             rights in a protected area), remodel
                                                             the Restaurant, sign a general release,
                                                             participate in re-training programs as
                                                             required.
 d.    Termination by franchisee                 None        No right to terminate.
 e.    Termination by franchisor without cause   None        No right to terminate without cause.
 f.    Termination by franchisor with cause      FA: 15      Terminate immediately upon receipt
                                                             of a default notice that cannot be
                                                             cured; 10 or 30-days’ notice for a
                                                             curable default.

                                                 MBA: 8(c)   Terminate immediately upon receipt
                                                             of a default notice that cannot be
                                                             cured.

                                                 DA: 9.01    Terminate immediately upon receipt
                                                             of a default notice.
 g.    “Cause” defined - curable defaults        FA: 15.02   Breach that can be corrected within
                                                             10 or 30 days.
 h.    “Cause” defined – non-curable defaults    FA: 15.01   Breach that cannot be corrected, such
                                                             as: insolvency; failure to timely
                                                             secure a Site; an unauthorized
                                                             transfer; terrorist activities; failure to
                                                             operate your Restaurant; conviction
                                                             of felony or certain other crimes;
                                                             misuse of Sonic’s proprietary marks
                                                             or trade secrets; endangerment of
                                                             public health or safety; maintenance
                                                             of false books; default of the

                                                 59
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
