successor) may designate the independent public accountant to conduct the required review of the
operation of the SMF if requested in writing at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the end of
each fiscal year. We currently have the SMF audited. Although we intend the SMF to be of perpetual
duration, we maintain the right to terminate the SMF, but will not do so until we have spent all
amounts in the SBF according to the requirements described here. (Section 12.02 of the Franchise
Agreement)

Advertising Cooperatives.

Generally, each DMA has an advertising cooperative for that area, and the members include all Sonic
Restaurant franchisees and our affiliates who have a Sonic Restaurant located in that DMA. If your
Sonic Restaurant is located in a DMA that does not have an approved advertising cooperative, you
must promptly form one. If an approved advertising cooperative already exists in the DMA, you must
join the advertising cooperative or another advertising cooperative we designate. As a member, you
must contribute certain amounts to your advertising cooperative. You must contribute an amount set
by the cooperative, but at least 3.25% of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales. However, if you are located
in a market that we have designated as a developing or new market, you must contribute at least 5%
of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales to the advertising cooperative. As described in Item 6, the
cooperative will allocate all or a portion of your cooperative contribution to the SMF.

The members of each advertising cooperative have responsibility for the cooperative’s administration,
and each member (whether a Franchised Drive-In or a Company Drive-In) has 1 vote for each Sonic
Restaurant located in the DMA. Company Drive-Ins contribute to the advertising cooperative at the
same rate as Franchise Drive-Ins. To become an approved advertising cooperative, the members must
adopt and operate in compliance with written bylaws that we approve. Upon your request, we will
furnish you with the advertising cooperative’s bylaws for your proposed Restaurant. We do not
require advertising cooperatives to prepare annual or periodic financial statements or to submit annual
or periodic financial statements to us, so we cannot make them available to you for review. We have
the power to form, change, dissolve or merge advertising cooperatives. (Section 12.01 of the
Franchise Agreement)

Franchise Advisory Council.

Our Franchise Advisory Council provides advice, counsel, and input on key business matters,
including marketing and promotions, new products, operations, profitability, and technology. The
Franchise Advisory Council consists of 24 members selected by us, including an 8-member executive
committee selected at large and 16 regional members representing all regions of the country. We also
maintain 3 Franchise Advisory Council Task Groups with 69 members who generally serve 3-year
terms and support specific priorities. The Franchise Advisory Council operates in an advisory
capacity only. We have the power to form, change, or dissolve franchise advisory councils.

Computer Systems and Technology

Computer System

        Your Restaurant must have a currently supported Windows-based personal computer, with
sound and graphics capabilities along with a printer. The Restaurant must have high-speed internet
meeting or exceeding Sonic’s current standard (50 mpbs download/20 mpbs upload). You must be
able to operate the Restaurant using whatever equipment, components and software are necessary to
                                                  45
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
