       5.      Provide our written authorization to open the Restaurant if you have complied with
               the Franchise Agreement. (Section 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement.) We describe
               our opening requirements later in this Item.

       6.      If you sign the Development Agreement, provide you with the site acceptance form,
               site selection criteria, and other related materials that we periodically make available
               to developers of Sonic Restaurants. You must comply with our development policies,
               as we periodically modify them, for each proposed site. We will accept or reject
               proposed sites for Sonic Restaurants under the Development Agreement within 30
               days after receiving the site selection report and all other information we request. If
               we do not respond within 30 days, the site is deemed rejected. (Section 6.01 of the
               Development Agreement)

Ongoing Obligations

During the operation of your Sonic Drive-In, we will:

       1.      Modify the Operations Manual periodically to reflect changes in standards for the
               Sonic Restaurant network. You must keep your copy of the Operations Manual current
               and communicate updates to employees in a timely manner. (Section 6.02 of the
               Franchise Agreement)

       2.      Maintain and administer the marketing fund for the Sonic Restaurant network (the
               “System Marketing Fund” or “SMF”). (Section 12.02 of the Franchise Agreement.)
               We describe the SMF and its operations below.

       3.      Maintain and administer a brand fund for the Sonic Restaurant network (the “Sonic
               Brand Fund” or “SBF”). (Section 12.03 of the Franchise Agreement.) We describe
               the SBF and its operations below.

       4.      Advise and consult with you relating to the operation of the Restaurant, including
               advertising materials and new developments, techniques, and improvements in areas
               of restaurant equipment, management, food preparation, and service relating to the
               operation of a Sonic Restaurant. (Section 6.03 of the Franchise Agreement)

       5.      For any significant changes in the programs or policies impacting all or substantially
               all Sonic Restaurants concerning training, the Sonic system, the Operations Manual,
               the SMF and the SBF, including determining the designated beverage supplier or
               advertising agency of record for the Sonic Restaurant network, solicit input and advice
               from a group of franchisees gathered together for that purpose (whether established
               ongoing for that purpose or gathered on an ad hoc basis). We will use commercially
               reasonable efforts to ensure that the groups are balanced in terms of their
               representation of Sonic Restaurants as a whole. This obligation applies only if the
               franchise agreements in effect for at least one-third of all Sonic Restaurants contain
               this provision or a substantially similar provision. (Section 21.01 of the Franchise
               Agreement)

       6.      If you sign the Development Agreement, issue a Sonic Franchise Agreement after we
               accept a proposed site for a Sonic Restaurant. You or your approved Controlled
                                                  40
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
