                                                                                           Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                                 DA #: ___________

         1.12    Non-Traditional Locations. “Non-Traditional Locations” means any permanent or temporary
food service facilities that operate (1) under one or more of the Proprietary Marks and all or part of the Sonic
System, and (2) at locations that do not feature unlimited and unrestricted access to the general public by
automobile from public thoroughfares. Non-Traditional Locations include (a) military bases and other
governmental facilities; (b) universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll
plazas and other public or restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters
and other sports and entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other
similar public facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers,
shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores, grocery
stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals, nursing facilities and
other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other sovereign territories.

        1.13     Owner. “Owner” means any Person holding a direct or indirect Ownership Interest (whether
of record, beneficially, or otherwise) in Franchisee.

         1.14     Ownership Interest. “Ownership Interest” means (a) in relation to a corporation, shares of
capital stock (whether common stock, preferred stock or any other designation) or other equity interests; (b) in
relation to a limited liability company, membership interests or other equity interests; (c) in relation to a
partnership, a general or limited partnership interest; (d) in relation to a trust, a beneficial interest in the trust;
and (e) in relation to any entity (including those described in (a) through (d) above), any other interest in that
entity or its business that allows the holder of that interest (whether directly or indirectly) to direct or control
the direction of the management of the entity or its business (including a managing partner interest in a
partnership, a manager or managing member interest in a limited liability company, and a trustee of a trust),
or to share in the revenue, profits or losses of, or any capital appreciation relating to, the Restaurant, that entity
or its business.

        1.15    Person. “Person” means any individual or business entity, including a corporation, joint
venture, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, or trust.

         1.16    Principal. “Principal” means the individual who shall, at all times during the term of this
Agreement: (a) own (directly or indirectly) more than fifty percent (50%) of the Ownership Interests in
Franchisee; (b) have the authority under Franchisee’s Organizational Documents (defined below) to authorize
a merger, liquidation, dissolution or transfer of substantially all of the assets of Franchisee and otherwise to
direct and control Franchisee’s management and policies without the vote or consent of any other Person; and
(c) devote sufficient time and attention to the promotion and operation of the Restaurant.

        1.17    Proprietary Marks. “Proprietary Marks” means the distinctive and characteristic trade names,
trademarks, service marks, emblems and trade dress that Sonic designates in the Sonic Operations Manual or
otherwise in writing or through usage from time to time and periodically prescribes for use with Sonic
Restaurants, as well as other elements of trade dress that Sonic periodically designates for use in the Sonic
System, such as signs, menu housings, designs and design elements (including angled parking stalls equipped
with menu housings, speakers, and tray supports), color schemes, exterior style, canopies, interior furnishings,
and equipment layout.

        1.18    Restaurant. “Restaurant” means the Sonic Restaurant licensed by this Agreement that
Franchisee will operate pursuant to this Agreement.

        1.19    Sonic System. “Sonic System” means the Sonic Restaurant franchise system, as Sonic may
periodically modify it, which now includes, among other things, the following elements, all or some of which
may be deleted, changed, improved, or further developed by Sonic from time to time: (a) Proprietary Marks;
                                                         3
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
