                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

of the Sonic System is invalid, unenforceable or unlawful, the notice and/or other action required by the law
or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions of this Agreement, and Sonic may modify the invalid
or unenforceable provision or aspect of the Sonic System to the extent required to be valid and enforceable or
delete the unlawful provision in its entirety. Franchisee agrees to be bound by any promise or covenant
imposing the maximum duty the law permits which is subsumed within any provision of this Agreement, as
though it were separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement.

         20.06 Applying and Withholding Payments. Despite any designation Franchisee makes, Sonic may
apply any of Franchisee’s payments to any of Franchisee’s past due indebtedness to Sonic (or its Affiliates).
Sonic may set-off any amounts Franchisee or its Owners owe Sonic or its Affiliates against any amounts Sonic
or its Affiliates might owe Franchisee or its Owners, whether in connection with this Agreement or otherwise.
Franchisee may not withhold payment of any amounts owed to Sonic or its Affiliates on the grounds of Sonic’s
or their alleged nonperformance of any of its or their obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement.

        20.07 Acknowledgements. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee has had ample
opportunity to contact existing franchisees of Sonic and to investigate all aspects of the Sonic Restaurant
opportunity. Franchisee has conducted an independent investigation of the business contemplated by this
Agreement and recognizes that it involves substantial business risks making the success of the venture largely
dependent on the business abilities of Franchisee. Except as set forth in Sonic’s franchise disclosure document,
Franchisee has not received from Sonic or its Affiliates any express or implied warranty or guaranty regarding
the potential sales, income, profits, or success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement.

        20.08 No Related Party Liability. Franchisee agrees that no past, present or future director, officer,
employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, subsidiary, affiliate, controlling party, entity under
common control, ownership or management, vendor, service provider, agent, attorney or representative of
Sonic will have any liability for: (a) any of Sonic’s obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this
Agreement; (b) any claim against Sonic based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between
Franchisee and Sonic; or (c) any claim against Sonic based on any alleged unlawful act or omission of Sonic.

21.     CONSULTATION WITH FRANCHISEES AND SONIC’S JUDGMENT.

        21.01 Consultation with Franchisees. In connection with any significant changes in the programs or
policies impacting all or substantially all Sonic Restaurants with respect to training, the Sonic System, the
Sonic Operations Manual, the SMF, or the SBF, including the determination of the designated beverage
supplier or advertising agency of record for the Sonic Restaurant network, Sonic shall solicit input and advice
from a group of franchisees gathered together for such purpose (whether established ongoing for such purpose
or gathered on an ad hoc basis from time to time). Sonic shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that such groups are balanced in terms of their representation of Sonic Restaurants as a whole. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 21.01 shall not have any effect unless the franchise agreements in effect for at least
one-third of all Sonic Restaurants contain this provision or a substantially similar provision.

         21.02 Sonic’s Judgment. Subject to Section 21.01, Sonic has the right to operate, develop and
change the Sonic System in any manner that is not specifically prohibited by this Agreement. Whenever Sonic
has reserved in this Agreement a right to take or to withhold an action, or to grant or decline to grant Franchisee
a right to take or omit an action, Sonic may, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, make
its decision or exercise its rights based on information readily available to Sonic and its judgment of what is in
the best interests of Sonic or its Affiliates, the Sonic Restaurant network generally, or the Sonic System at the
time its decision is made, without regard to whether it could have made other reasonable or alternative
decisions.

                                                      35
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
