                               ITEM 1
     THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “Sonic,” “we,” “us” or “our” means Sonic
Franchising LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the franchisor. “You” means the individual
or business entity to whom we grant a franchise. If you are a corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or other entity, your owners who own a direct or indirect ownership interest of 10% or more
in you must sign a Personal Guaranty, which means that all of the provisions of the Development
Agreement (Exhibit C-1) and Franchise Agreement (Exhibit B-1) also will apply to them individually.

Franchisor

We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on March 23, 2011. Our principal business
address is Three Glenlake Pkwy NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We do business under the brand names
“Sonic,” “Sonic Drive-In” and “Sonic, America’s Drive-In,” among others. The Sonic brand began
in the early 1950s, and we, though our predecessors, have offered Sonic franchises since 1974. As of
December 28, 2025, our 2025 fiscal year end, there were 3,412 Sonic Drive-Ins operating in the
United States (3,119 single-branded franchised, 1 multi-branded franchised, 291 single-branded
company-owned, and 1 multi-branded company-owned). Except as noted in this Item, we do not offer,
and have never offered, franchises in any other line of business. If we have an agent for service of
process in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A.

The Sonic Franchise Opportunity

We grant franchises for restaurants that feature drive-in restaurant food and drinks and related items
that operate under our Proprietary Marks (defined below) and our Sonic system, all of which we may
change periodically (“Sonic Restaurants” or “Sonic Drive-Ins”). We offer franchises to operate a
Sonic Restaurant at either a Traditional Drive-In location, a Non-Drive-In Location, or at a Non-
Traditional Location, each as defined below, under Sonic’s Franchise Agreement (“Franchise
Agreement” or “FA”), attached as Exhibit B-1. We call the Sonic Restaurant that you will operate
under the Franchise Agreement your “Restaurant” or your “Drive-In”, even if your Restaurant
operates from a Non-Drive-In Location or a Non-Traditional Location.

A “Traditional Drive-In” is a Sonic Restaurant that features a wide array of classic drive-in favorites
like made-to-order cheeseburgers, chicken options ranging from sandwiches to boneless wings, a
variety of hot dogs including the 6-inch premium beef hot dogs and footlong quarter-pound coneys,
hand-made onion rings, tater tots and a full breakfast menu. In addition to great food, a Traditional
Drive-In is known for its variety of indulgent real ice cream treats and specialty fountain drinks like
our signature cherry limeades, famous slushes and our candy mix-in SONIC Blast® treats.
Traditional Drive-Ins are typically open from 6 a.m. to at least 11 p.m. and, unlike most quick-service
restaurant competitors, serve the entire menu all day long. A Traditional Sonic Drive-In typically is
a free-standing, 1-story building with surrounding parking stalls covered by canopies, providing in-
car service for approximately 6 to 12 cars. Most Sonic Drive-Ins also incorporate drive-thru service
and patio seating and some may provide an enclosed patio or indoor seating. The drive-in concept
allows our customers to place their order from their car whenever they are ready by pressing our well-
known red button. A switchboard operator receives the order through a speaker system and a carhop,
sometimes on roller skates, delivers the customers’ food right to their cars. Customers can also order
from the counter at locations with indoor seating.
                                                  1
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
