       Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC (“JJF”) is a franchisor of restaurants operating under the
       JIMMY JOHN’S® trade name and business system that feature high-quality deli sandwiches,
       fresh baked breads, and other food and beverage products. JJF became an Affiliated Program
       through an acquisition in October 2016 and became part of Inspire Brands by merger in 2019.
       JJF and its predecessor have been franchising since 1993. JJF has not offered franchises in
       any other line of business. As of December 28, 2025, there were 2,777 JIMMY JOHN’S®
       Restaurants operating in the United States (2,737 franchised and 40 company-owned). Of
       those 2,777 restaurants, 2,737 were single-branded Jimmy John’s restaurants, 38 were
       franchised Jimmy John’s restaurants operating at Multi-Brand Locations, and 2 were
       company-owned Jimmy John’s restaurants operating at Multi-Brand Locations.

       Inspire International, Inc. (“Inspire International”) was incorporated under the name BWLD
       Global III, Inc. As part of an internal restructuring, BWLD Global III, Inc. merged with
       Arby’s International, Inc. and Sonic International, Inc. and, as the surviving entity, changed
       its name to Inspire International, Inc. Inspire International has offered franchises and master
       franchises for Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars, Arby’s Restaurants, Sonic restaurants, and/or
       Jimmy John’s restaurants operating outside the United States since its formation in October
       2019. As of December 28, 2025, internationally and in Puerto Rico, there were 243 franchised
       Arby’s restaurants, 64 franchised Buffalo Wild Wings or B-Dubs restaurants, and 37
       franchised Jimmy John’s restaurants. As of December 28, 2025, there were no Sonic
       restaurants operating internationally.

       In addition to DD and BR, the following affiliates offer franchises for Dunkin’ and/or Baskin-
       Robbins restaurants internationally: DB Canadian Franchising ULC (“DB Canada”), DDBR
       International LLC (“DB China”), DD Brasil Franchising Ltda. (“DB Brasil”), DB Mexican
       Franchising LLC (“DB Mexico”), and BR UK Franchising LLC (“BR UK”). DB Canada has
       offered Baskin-Robbins franchises in Canada since its formation in March 2006. DB China
       has offered and sold Baskin-Robbins franchises in China since its formation in March 2006.
       DB Brasil has offered a Dunkin’ franchises in Brazil since its formation in May 2014. DB
       Mexico has offered Dunkin’ franchises in Mexico since its formation in October 2006. BR
       UK has offered Baskin-Robbins franchises in the UK since its formation in December 2014.
       As of December 28, 2025, there were 4,242 single-branded franchised Dunkin’ restaurants
       operating and 5,696 single-branded franchised Baskin-Robbins restaurants operating
       internationally and in Puerto Rico.

Other Affiliated Franchise Programs

Through control with private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, we are
affiliated with the following franchise programs (“Affiliated Programs”). None of these affiliates
operate a Sonic franchise.

GoTo Foods Inc. (“GoTo Foods”) is the indirect parent company to seven franchisors, including:
Auntie Anne’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Auntie Anne’s”), Carvel Franchisor SPV LLC (“Carvel”),
Cinnabon Franchisor SPV LLC (“Cinnabon”), Jamba Juice Franchisor SPV LLC (“Jamba”),
McAlister’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“McAlister’s”), Moe’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Moe’s”), and
Schlotzsky’s Franchisor SPV LLC (“Schlotzsky’s”). All seven GoTo Foods franchisors have a
principal place of business at 5620 Glenridge Drive NE, Atlanta, GA 30342 and have not offered
franchises in any other line of business.
                                                  6
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
