                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

         12.04 Franchisee’s Advertising and Marketing. All advertising by Franchisee in any medium which
utilizes the Proprietary Marks or refers in any way to the Restaurant shall be conducted in a dignified manner
and shall conform to such standards and requirements as Sonic may specify from time to time in
writing. Franchisee shall submit to Sonic, for Sonic’s prior approval, samples of all advertising and
promotional plans and materials that Franchisee desires to use that use the Proprietary Marks or refer to the
Restaurant and that have not been prepared or previously approved by Sonic. If Sonic does not provide
Franchisee written approval within thirty (30) days after the date Sonic receives such materials, they are
deemed disapproved. Upon notice from Sonic, Franchisee shall discontinue and/or remove any objectionable
advertising or promotional materials, whether or not they were previously approved by Sonic. If said materials
are not discontinued and/or removed within five (5) days after notice, Sonic or its authorized agents, may, at
any time, enter upon Franchisee’s premises, or elsewhere, and remove any objectionable signs or other
advertising or promotional materials and may keep or destroy such signs or other media without paying
therefore, and without being guilty of trespass or other tort.

        Coupons created or developed by or for Franchisee for use in promoting the Restaurant are subject to
the provisions of this Section 12.04. Additionally, such coupons shall conspicuously state the location(s) where
the coupons will be accepted and an expiration date. Franchisee shall use its best efforts to ensure that coupons
created or developed for the Restaurant or its market are not distributed outside the area of the Restaurant or
its market.

        12.05 Plans and Materials from Sonic. Sonic may offer from time to time to provide, upon terms
that Sonic determines, approved local advertising and promotional plans and materials, including newspaper
display space and distributed promotional materials.

        12.06 Publicity. Sonic shall have the right to photograph the Restaurant’s exterior and/or interior,
and the various foods served, and to use any such photographs in any of its publicity or advertising, and
Franchisee shall cooperate in securing such photographs and consent of Persons pictured.

13.     INSURANCE.

         13.01 Insurance Amounts. Prior to opening or taking possession of the Restaurant, Franchisee shall
acquire and thereafter maintain, from insurance companies acceptable to Sonic, the forms of insurance with
the coverages and amounts that Sonic periodically specifies. Sonic shall have the right to require Franchisee
to increase the insurance coverage amounts or obtain additional insurance by giving Franchisee sixty (60) days’
written notice, and Franchisee shall comply no later than the first policy renewal date after that sixty (60)-day
period.

         13.02 Sonic as Additional Insured. Franchisee shall name Sonic its Affiliates as additional insureds
and loss payees under the insurance policies that Sonic periodically specifies. Franchisee’s policies shall
constitute primary policies of insurance with regard to other insurance, shall contain a waiver of subrogation
provision in favor of Sonic and its Affiliates as it relates to the operation of the Restaurant, and shall provide
for at least thirty (30) days’ written notice to Sonic prior to their cancellation or amendment.

        13.03 General Conditions. Prior to opening or taking possession of the Restaurant and within ten
(10) days after any request by Sonic, Franchisee shall furnish Sonic with certificates of insurance evidencing
that Franchisee has obtained the insurance required under this Section 13. In addition, Franchisee shall deliver
evidence of the continuation of the required insurance policies at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration
dates of each existing insurance policy. If Franchisee at any time fails to acquire and maintain the required
insurance coverage, Sonic shall have the right (but no obligation), at Franchisee’s expense, to acquire and
administer the required minimum insurance coverage on behalf of Franchisee. However, Sonic shall not have
                                                      21
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
