                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

         17.07 Enforcement. Sonic shall have the right, at Sonic’s sole option, to reduce the scope of any
covenant set forth in this Sections 17, or any portion thereof, without Franchisee’s consent effective
immediately upon receipt by Franchisee of written notice thereof, and Franchisee agrees that it shall comply
forthwith with any covenant as so modified. Franchisee agrees that the existence of any claims Franchisee
may have against Sonic or its Affiliates, whether or not arising from this Agreement, shall not constitute a
defense to the enforcement by Sonic of the covenants in this Section 17 or any other provision of this
Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges that any violation of the terms of this Section 17 would result in
irreparable injury to Sonic for which no adequate remedy at law is available, and Franchisee accordingly
consents to the ex parte issuance of restraining orders, temporary and permanent injunctions, and cease and
desist orders prohibiting any conduct in violation of the terms of this Section 17.

18.     INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR & INDEMNIFICATION.

         18.01 Franchisee not an Agent of Sonic; Employment Matters. This Agreement does not create a
fiduciary relationship between Sonic and Franchisee, and nothing in this Agreement shall constitute Franchisee
as the agent, legal representative, partner, joint venturer, or employee of Sonic. Franchisee is, and shall remain,
an independent contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the
Restaurant and its business, including all claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or
based on injury, illness, or death of any person or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation
of the Restaurant. Further, Sonic and Franchisee are not and do not intend to be joint employers in any way,
and Sonic shall not be construed to be jointly liable for any of Franchisee’s acts or omissions under any
circumstances. Sonic (and its Affiliates) will not exercise direct or indirect control over the working conditions
of Restaurant personnel, except to the extent such indirect control is related to Sonic’s legitimate interest in
protecting the quality of the products and services associated with the Proprietary Marks. Sonic (and its
Affiliates) do not share or codetermine the employment terms and conditions of the Restaurant’s employees
and do not affect matters relating to the employment relationship between Franchisee and the Restaurant’s
employees, such as employee selection, promotion, termination, hours worked, rates of pay, other benefits,
work assigned, discipline, adjustment of grievances and complaints, and working conditions. Franchisee
agrees to identify itself conspicuously in all dealings with customers, prospective customers, employees,
suppliers, public officials and others as the Restaurant’s owner under a Franchise from Sonic and to place
notices of independent ownership on the forms, business cards, employment materials, advertising and other
materials Sonic requires from time to time.

         18.02 Cost of Enforcement. If Sonic or any of its Affiliates become involved in any action or
proceeding opposing Franchisee or its Owners to secure, enforce, protect, or defend Sonic’s or its Affiliates’
rights and remedies or Franchisee’s (or its Owners’) obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement
relating to the Restaurant, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to recover
from the non-prevailing party the reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees incurred by the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding.

        18.03    Indemnification and Defense.

                (a)      Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Sonic, its Affiliates, and its and
        their respective owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and
        assignees (the “Indemnified Parties”) against, and to reimburse any one or more of the Indemnified
        Parties for, all Losses (defined below) directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to: (i) the
        Restaurant’s development or operation or the business Franchisee conducts under this Agreement; (ii)
        Franchisee’s breach of this Agreement; (iii) Franchisee’s noncompliance or alleged noncompliance
        with any law, ordinance, rule or regulation, including those concerning the Restaurant’s construction,
        design or operation, and including any allegation that Sonic or another Indemnified Party is a joint
                                                      32
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
