                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                (d)     shall adopt and implement all procedures prescribed from time to time by Sonic to
        prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including restrictions on
        disclosure to employees of the Restaurant and the use of nondisclosure clauses in agreements with
        employees and others (including all Owners) who have access to the Confidential Information.

        10.03 Exclusions from Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions on
Franchisee’s disclosure and use of the Confidential Information shall not apply to the following:

                 (a)     information, processes, or techniques which are or become generally known in the
        food service industry, other than through disclosure (whether deliberate or inadvertent) by Franchisee
        or its agents; and

                 (b)     disclosure of the Confidential Information in judicial or administrative proceedings to
        the extent that Franchisee is legally compelled to disclose such information, provided Franchisee shall
        have used its best efforts, and shall have afforded Sonic the opportunity, to obtain an appropriate
        protective order or other assurance satisfactory to Sonic of confidential treatment for the information
        required to be so disclosed.

        10.04 No Information to the Public. Franchisee acknowledges that one or more of Sonic’s Affiliates
may make certain information regarding the performance of the Sonic Restaurant network available to the
public, including investors and financial analysts, in the normal course of business. Franchisee further
acknowledges that Franchisee’s own disclosure of certain information to the public could interfere with the
business of Sonic or its Affiliates. Franchisee agrees that it will not provide to the public, or to any investor,
financial analyst, or person that influences investments, any information that might indicate the performance
of the Sonic Restaurant network, or any aspect thereof, including sales information, except that Franchisee
may provide information to attorneys, accountants, financial planners, and other professionals as required in
the course of Franchisee’s personal business or the operation of the Restaurant.

11.     ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS.

        11.01 Monthly Reports. On or before the tenth (10th) day of each month, Franchisee shall submit to
Sonic, in a form and in the manner that Sonic periodically specifies, a complete profit and loss statement and
such other financial reports as Sonic shall reasonably require from time to time, for the previous month
immediately ended, or for such other time period as may be designated by Sonic.

        11.02 Annual Reports. Franchisee further agrees to submit, within ninety (90) days following the
close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s operation, a profit and loss statement covering operations during
such fiscal year and the balance sheet taken as of the close of such fiscal year, in a form and in the manner that
Sonic periodically specifies.

        11.03 Record Retention. Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of the
Restaurant and its business for at least three (3) years (or such longer period as applicable law may require) in
a manner and form satisfactory to Sonic and shall also deliver such additional financial, operating, and other
information and reports as Sonic may reasonably request on the forms and in the manner periodically
prescribed by Sonic.

         11.04 Audit by Sonic. Sonic shall have the right to inspect and audit Franchisee’s accounts, books,
records, and tax returns at all times during and after the term of this Agreement. If such inspection discloses
that Gross Sales actually exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee, Franchisee shall immediately pay Sonic:
(a) the additional royalty fee, brand fee, technology fee, advertising expenditures and other amounts due with
                                                      17
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
