During our 2025 fiscal year, the development fees paid by our developers ranged from $5,000 to
$10,000.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a Sonic Restaurant
and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due under each
applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement or license agreement in addition to the initial fees
described in this Item 5. If you operate a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may qualify
for one or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.

If we permit you to operate a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must complete all
training required for the Other Restaurant(s) under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise
agreement in addition to the training required for the Sonic Restaurant. You must also pay us any
training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional or specialized
training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand Location. We
currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses for any additional
or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2026.

Incentives

We reserve the right to reduce or waive initial franchise fees for, and to offer special development
incentives (including incentive payments) to, one or more franchisees on a case-by-case basis under
certain circumstances. These circumstances may include providing economic incentives for large,
sophisticated restaurant operators to open multiple new Restaurants in a development territory on an
expedited basis, for existing franchisees to open additional Restaurants or for existing franchisees to
take over operating Restaurants or to reopen closed Restaurants. The amount of any fee reductions,
waivers, or development incentives depends on what we think is best for the Sonic brand in the
particular situation. Some of our incentive programs are described in Item 6.

                                             ITEM 6
                                           OTHER FEES

    Type of Fee(1)         Amount              Due Date                       Remarks
                                          Payable monthly
                      5% of Gross
 Royalty fee(2)                           on the 10th day of   See Note (2)
                      Sales(2)
                                          the next month
                                          Payable monthly
 Brand fee/SBF        0.90% of Gross
                                          on the 10th day of   Payable to the Sonic Brand Fund.
 contribution         Sales
                                          the next month




                                                  22
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
