Payments from Franchisee Purchases and Leases

During our 2025 fiscal year, suppliers contributed more than $76,500,000 to the Sonic Drive-In chain
based on the purchases and leases of franchisees’ and our affiliates’ Sonic Restaurants. We allocated
these funds as follows:

      $41,623,827               Brand Technology Fund
                                (No longer collecting contributions as of our 2025 fiscal year end.)
      $17,602,578               Sonic Brand Fund
      $14,104,781               System Marketing Fund
      $3,208,397                Reimbursement of SIS’ cost to sponsor the annual franchisee
                                convention

The BTF stopped collecting contributions as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year and has dissolved.

Supplier contributions to the SMF and SBF are primarily based on a percentage of the supplier’s sales
to the Sonic Drive-In chain or are flat amounts tied to the volume of certain products sold.
Contributions for the annual Sonic franchisee convention are primarily flat amounts that SIS and the
supplier determine.

Neither we nor our affiliates received any revenue during our 2025 fiscal year from selling products
or services to Sonic Restaurant franchisees.

Cooperatives and Purchasing Arrangements

There currently are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives in the Sonic Restaurant network,
although we negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for the benefit of
the Sonic Restaurant network.

Material Benefits for Certain Purchases

We do not provide material benefits (for example, renewal or granting additional franchises) to you
based on your purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Sonic Restaurant at a
Multi-Brand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the Sonic system applicable
to your Sonic Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design requirements, the
products and services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising, marketing and promotional
programs, required equipment or products, required hours of operation, personnel training and
staffing requirements, and other standards, specifications and requirements, in a manner that is
different from the manner in which those terms apply to other Sonic Restaurants, to reflect the
Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If you operate your Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand
Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.

If we permit you to operate your Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, (i) you must use paper
products and other items bearing the Trademarks only at the Restaurant and with products served by
the Sonic Restaurant, and you (or your affiliate) may not use them at the Other Restaurant or with
                                                  36
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
