Our Parents and Certain Sonic Affiliates

Unless otherwise noted, the principal business address of our parents and affiliates is Three Glenlake
Parkway NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We have no predecessors that are required to be disclosed in
this Item 1. In a merger effective December 7, 2018, an affiliate of Inspire Brands, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (“Inspire Brands”), became our indirect parent (the “2018 Merger”). Another parent is
SIS. SRI Operating Company, an Oklahoma corporation (“SRI”) and one of our affiliates, owns and
operates certain Sonic Drive-Ins. SRI has operated Sonic Drive-Ins since it acquired them from an
affiliate in December 2018 as part of the 2018 Merger.

Sonic Industries Services LLC (“SIS”) is an Oklahoma limited liability company with the same
principal business address as us. SIS was originally formed as an Oklahoma corporation and was
named Sonic Industries Services Inc., and on December 31, 2022, converted to an Oklahoma limited
liability company and changed its name to Sonic Industries Services LLC. SIS offered franchises for
Sonic Restaurants from 1974 until May 20, 2011.

On May 20, 2011, Sonic and certain affiliates refinanced debt from a 2006 securitization transaction
with a new securitized debt facility (the “2011 Securitization”). As part of this transaction, we were
formed to grant new Sonic Franchise Agreements and Development Agreements beginning May 20,
2011. Another affiliate, America’s Drive-In Brand Properties LLC, a Kansas limited liability
company (“ADIBP”), owns all Sonic trademarks and intellectual property relating to the operation of
Sonic Drive-Ins (the “Franchise IP”). ADIBP has licensed the Franchise IP to us for our use in
exercising our rights as the franchisor of all new Franchise Agreements and Development
Agreements. Except as otherwise noted, neither Inspire Brands, SIS, SRI or ADIBP has ever offered
franchises in any line of business nor operated any Sonic Restaurants.

Under a management agreement between SIS and us, SIS performs our obligations under the
Franchise Agreements and Development Agreements. SIS also acts as our franchise sales agent. If
SIS fails to perform its obligations under the management agreement, then we may replace SIS as the
franchise manager. As the franchisor, we are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that
all of our obligations under your Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement are performed
in compliance with the respective agreements, regardless of whether we, SIS, or another third-party
performs those services on our behalf.

In addition, our affiliate, IRB Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation, (“IRB”) is an approved supplier
of certain technology services and payment processing services that may be offered from time to time.
IRB has never operated any Sonic Restaurants or offered franchises in any line of business, and IRB’s
principal business address is the same as our address.

Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs

Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand restaurant company, launched upon completion of the merger
between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a parent of the Buffalo Wild Wings brand in February 2018.
Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed below are our affiliates who own and administer the network of
franchised and company-owned restaurants operating under the Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, Buffalo
Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy John’s, Sonic, Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands. Unless otherwise
stated, all Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries share our principal business address. Except as described

                                                  4
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
