(2)    We describe the initial franchise fee in Item 5. No separate initial investment is required when
       you sign a Development Agreement.

(3)    The low amount reflects costs for a fully local team not requiring lodging or airfare and covers
       mileage and meals only for 3 trainees. The high amount covers the general manager and 5
       other trainees and assumes airfare and lodging are also required for all 6 trainees.
       Additionally, no later than 60 days before the opening of your Restaurant, the general manager
       must attend General Manager Leadership Class. The cost of the class is $250 per person plus
       travel, hotel and meals. Three trainees must also attend our Sonic Training Program. The fee
       for the Sonic Training Program is $5,000 per person for the 4th or subsequent trainee. The
       Initial Training Fee for the first 3 people to attend the Sonic Training Program is included in
       the initial franchise fee.

(4)    Your trainees who completed the Sonic Training Program will train your entire crew for the
       new Restaurant. This estimate reflects the amount that you may spend to train your crew. For
       your first 3 Sonic Drive-Ins, as part of the pre-opening training, we may require that you hold
       a Friends and Family Day, which is a capstone event that takes place after you have completed
       training your crew for the Restaurant. This Friends and Family Day is not included in the
       ranges listed but could increase the cost by as much as $15,000.

(5)    This range covers some deposits, impact fees for utilities, utility deposits, business licenses
       and other miscellaneous prepaid expenses. The high end of the range for freestanding
       locations takes into account permitting expenses, which can be higher than other Sonic Drive-
       In restaurant formats.

(6)    Commercial leasing costs vary considerably depending on the location, building, space
       (freestanding or inline, etc.), lot size and market conditions. Commercial leases for free-
       standing Traditional Drive-Ins are typically “triple net leases,” requiring you to pay rent, taxes,
       insurance, maintenance, repairs, common area expenses and all other costs associated with
       the property. Because of the wide variety of costs and market conditions, we are not able to
       estimate your deposits and other costs to acquire or lease the real property for a free-standing
       Traditional Drive-In location or an in-line Sonic Restaurant. For Traditional Drive-Ins at C-
       Store locations, this range reflects an estimate for a security deposit and 3 months’ rent at the
       C-Store location. Some franchisees develop their Sonic Restaurants inside C-Store buildings
       that they already own, and in this case would not pay any rent or security deposit.

(7)    This covers costs to build the Drive-In and develop the site, including costs for construction,
       canopy (if any), remodeling, leasehold improvements and decorating costs. The actual costs
       will vary materially depending on location, building, space (freestanding or inline, etc.), lot
       size, utilities, site work (if any), and other factors. This estimate also includes the optional
       Site Design Fee and Kitchen Layout Design Fee for a PKL or PSL that are payable to our
       affiliates, if you request that they provide those services. Our affiliates only provide PSL
       services for Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

(8)    The amounts for equipment include the cost to purchase and install the recommended
       equipment package for a Sonic Drive-In with 6 to 12 drive-in stalls, excluding the cost of
       transportation and sales tax. The standard equipment package includes the ventilation system,
       equipment, other fixed assets, kitchen fixtures, appliances and small wares necessary to
                                                   31
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
