                            SONIC INDUSTRIES SERVICES LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Property and Equipment, net

"Property and equipment, net" are stated at cost, including internal costs of employees to the extent such employees are
dedicated to specific restaurant construction projects, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of
property and equipment is computed on the straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related major classes of
property and equipment. Estimated useful lives are 3 to 15 years for office and restaurant equipment, 3 to 5 years for
transportation equipment, 7 to 40 years for buildings and 7 to 25 years for site improvements. Finance lease assets and
leasehold improvements are amortized and depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the terms of the
respective leases.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The
Company tests goodwill by reporting unit for impairment annually, as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired.

The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a
determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the
qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test of goodwill. The Company estimates the fair value of the
reporting unit using an income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs (Level 3) and
relevant data from the guideline transaction approach and guideline public companies market approach (Level 3).
Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues and cash flows, terminal value,
a discount rate that approximates the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital and a selection of multiples for
comparable publicly traded companies as guidelines for determining fair value under the market approach.

During 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company completed its impairment test for goodwill and no impairment was indicated.

Indefinite-lived Intangibles and Other Definite-lived Assets

Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset

The Company reviews its indefinite-lived intangible asset for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter and
more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible
asset may not be recoverable. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or
circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test. If
such reviews indicate an intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the
carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset.

The Company uses the relief from royalty method using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine the fair value of its
trademark/trade name. Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues, royalty
rate, terminal value, and discount rate.

During the years 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company determined no impairment was indicated for its indefinite-lived
intangible asset.

Definite-lived Assets

Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of
assets.

The Company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the related asset groups may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their
carrying value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset groups. If the asset
groups are not deemed to be recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair
value.




                                                              8
