       operate the Restaurant. Typically, the equipment installer installs and charges for the
       equipment installation. The sales taxes will vary by location. If you choose to lease your
       equipment, your negotiated lease terms will determine your monthly cost. The estimate is
       slightly lower for inline Sonic Restaurants, which neither have a drive-thru nor stalls. These
       estimates do not include delivery charges.

(9)    For freestanding Traditional Drive-Ins and C-Stores, these amounts include costs for the POS
       and POPS platforms for a Sonic Drive-In with 6 to 12 stalls, a drive-thru lane and patio seating.
       Inline Sonic Restaurants may have fewer POS and POPS platforms. These amounts also
       include additional hardware and software, mobile ordering and payment processing
       technology, and technologies required to support them. The high end for the C-Store location
       includes the POS platform, no stalls, a drive-thru lane and inside dining. It also includes
       additional hardware and software, mobile ordering and payment processing technology, and
       technologies required to support them. The low end for the C-Store location assumes that it
       will not have a drive-thru. These amounts do not include electrical costs, shipping, installation
       or sales taxes as those may vary greatly depending on the location, building configuration and
       number of stalls. Inline Sonic Restaurants have neither a drive-thru nor stalls.

(10)   The amounts for a Sonic sign purchased from an approved source varies with the size and type
       of signs selected. You may select “enter” and “exit” signs, a “drive-thru” sign if required, an
       optional building or tower sign and your large Sonic sign from a group of standard signs
       containing 8 sizes and varying heights. This estimate includes installation costs of at least
       $14,000. Amounts for additional welding, permits, engineering and foundation work may also
       increase your cost.

(11)   The costs for opening inventory include paper goods and food products necessary to operate
       the Restaurant through the first 2 weeks of business. It also covers charges for promotion-
       specific small wares and inventory.

(12)   The insurance amounts include the estimated initial premium costs for multi-peril and
       worker’s compensation insurance based on the recommended staffing of a Sonic Drive-In
       with 6 to 12 drive-in stalls, a drive-thru lane and a patio, except for inline Sonic Restaurants,
       which have neither a drive-thru nor stalls. Worker’s compensation costs vary by state.

(13)   The low amount for payroll includes salaries and wages for 1 general manager, 1 assistant
       manager, and 1 one shift manager to attend the required training programs. The high amount
       for payroll includes salaries and wages for 1 manager, 2 assistant managers, and 3 one shift
       managers to attend the required training programs.

(14)   The amounts for additional funds exclude the expenses itemized above and include the other
       initial start-up and the first 3 months of operational expenses for branded attire, office
       supplies, cleaning supplies and utensils. These figures are estimates, and we cannot guarantee
       that you will not have additional expenses starting your business. Your costs will depend on
       factors such as how diligently you follow our methods and procedures, your management
       skill, economic conditions, and local competition and the market for your Restaurant’s
       products.



                                                  32
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
