       Provision                                  Section     Summary
                                                              Franchise Agreement 3 or more
                                                              occasions within any 12-month
                                                              period, whether such defaults are
                                                              cured; or any other agreement with
                                                              Sonic is terminated.

                                                  MBA: 8(c)   Breach that cannot be corrected, such
                                                              as: expiration or termination of any
                                                              Other Franchise Agreement;
                                                              abandonment of the Other
                                                              Restaurant(s).

                                                  DA: 9.01    Includes insolvency; failure to
                                                              comply with the development
                                                              schedule; unauthorized transfer;
                                                              terrorist activities; conviction of a
                                                              criminal offense; misrepresentation;
                                                              default under any Franchise
                                                              Agreement with Sonic or any
                                                              development agreement with Sonic;
                                                              or fails to comply with any other
                                                              provision of the Development
                                                              Agreement.
 i.    Franchisee’s obligations on termination/   FA: 16      Pay all amounts due Sonic; cease use
       nonrenewal                                             of and return Sonic Operations
                                                              Manual; complete de-identification;
                                                              discontinue anything which would
                                                              indicate a relationship with Sonic;
                                                              sell all patented, special or unique
                                                              Sonic Drive-In equipment, menu
                                                              housings, signs, menus and supplies
                                                              at their fair market value to Sonic, if
                                                              Sonic chooses to purchase them.

                                                  DA: 9.02    No right to develop or operate any
                                                              Sonic Restaurant for which a Sonic
                                                              Franchise Agreement has not been
                                                              signed by Sonic; and Sonic will be
                                                              entitled to own and operate, or
                                                              franchise to anyone to own a
                                                              Restaurant in the Development Area.
 j.    Assignment of contract by franchisor       FA: 14.06   Sonic has the right to assign your
                                                              Franchise Agreement.

                                                  DA: 8.02    Sonic has the right to assign your
                                                              Development Agreement.
 k.    “Transfer” by franchisee – defined         FA: 14      Includes transfer of contract or assets
                                                              or ownership change.

                                                  DA: 8       Includes transfer of any interest or
                                                              pledge of interest.
                                                  60
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
