               Affiliate must sign a separate Sonic Franchise Agreement to develop each Sonic
               Restaurant before buying or signing a lease or sublease for that site or beginning
               construction work at the accepted site. However, we need not issue a Franchise
               Agreement if you (or your proposed Controlled Affiliate) do not then meet our then
               current financial and operational standards and qualifications for new Sonic
               Restaurants. We may periodically modify the then current form of Franchise
               Agreement, and it may be different than the current form of Franchise Agreement,
               including different fees and obligations, except that the initial franchise fee will be
               $15,000 and the royalty will be the standard royalty rate reflected in Item 6. (Sections
               6.02 and 6.03 of the Development Agreement)

Except as described above, we have no obligation to provide you with assistance in (1) developing
products or services you will offer to your customers; (2) hiring and training your employees; (3)
improving and developing the franchised business; (4) establishing pricing; (5) establishing and using
administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control procedures; or (6) resolving operating
problems you may encounter.

Construction and Opening of the Restaurant

In most instances, once you have obtained required zoning and building permits, it takes
approximately 4 months to construct the building and install the equipment at the Restaurant. The
typical length of time between signing a Franchise Agreement and opening the Restaurant is
approximately 6 to 12 months. The typical length of time between signing a Development Agreement
and opening the first Sonic Restaurant is approximately 1 to 2 years. Factors that may affect these
time periods include finding a suitable building site, financing arrangements, obtaining required
zoning and building permits, the weather that prevails during construction, and labor and materials
availability.

You may not open the Restaurant for business until (a) you have properly developed and equipped
the Restaurant according to our standards and specifications and in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations and have prepared the Restaurant for opening according to our standards; (b) the
Restaurant’s personnel have completed all pre-opening training to our satisfaction; (c) you have paid
all amounts you then owe to us and our affiliates; and (d) we have provided our written authorization
to open. You must open the Restaurant for business on or before the earlier of (i) the required opening
date under any applicable development agreement or (ii) the date which is 1 year after we accept the
Site (or the Franchise Agreement’s effective date if the Site is determined on that date). If you fail to
open on time, then we may terminate the Franchise Agreement. Within 120 days after the Restaurant
first opens for business, you must provide us a report, in the format and containing the information
that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spent in various categories relating to
developing and opening the Restaurant. (Section 3.05 of the Franchise Agreement.) If we permit
you to operate the Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and begin operating
the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Section 4(d) of the MBA)

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and construct,
and/or make modifications to the Restaurants layout, design, equipment and fixtures that we
periodically specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location. You must notify
customers, and the design and layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that the
operation of the Other Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the Restaurant. At our
                                                   41
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
