                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

3.      SITE, LEASE, AND RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT.

        3.01    Site Selection.

               (a)      Franchisee may operate the Restaurant only at the site that is set forth in the Contract
        Data Schedule (the “Site”). Franchisee may not use the Site or any part of the Restaurant premises for
        any purpose other than the operation of a Sonic Restaurant during the Term.

                (b)       If the Site is not determined on the date of this Agreement, then Franchisee shall at its
        expense locate a site for the Restaurant that Sonic accepts within ninety (90) days after the date of this
        Agreement. Promptly after signing this Agreement, Franchisee must deliver to Sonic for its review a
        complete site report and related information for a suitable site for a Sonic Restaurant. Sonic will either
        accept or reject that proposed site based on Sonic’s then current site selection policies and procedures.

                 (c)     Despite any assistance, information or recommendations that Sonic provided or
        provides with respect to the Site, Sonic has made and will make no representations or warranties of
        any kind, express or implied, of the suitability of the Site for a Sonic Restaurant or any other purpose.
        Sonic’s recommendation or acceptance indicates only that Sonic believes that the Site meets or has the
        potential to meet, or that Sonic has waived, its general criteria of Site acceptability as of the date of
        this Agreement. Applying criteria that have appeared effective for other sites might not accurately
        reflect the potential for all sites, and, after Sonic recommends or accepts a Site, demographic and/or
        other factors included in or excluded from its site criteria could change, thereby altering a site’s
        potential. The uncertainty and instability of these criteria are beyond Sonic’s control, Sonic is not
        responsible if the Site fails to meet its or Franchisee’s expectations. Franchisee’s acceptance of the
        rights under this Agreement is based on its own independent investigation of the Site’s suitability.

         3.02     Lease. Unless Franchisee owns the Site, it is Franchisee’s sole responsibility to evaluate,
negotiate and enter into the lease for the Site. Franchisee must obtain Sonic’s prior written acceptance of the
terms of any lease or sublease for the Site (the “Lease”) before Franchisee signs it. The Lease must contain
the terms and provisions that are reasonably acceptable to Sonic, including provisions that Sonic specifies to
protect its rights as franchisor. Franchisee must also enter into the form of “Option to Assume Lease” that
Franchisor designates, which may modify the terms of the Lease, and Franchisee must cause its landlord to
enter into such Option to Assume Lease. Franchisee acknowledges that Sonic’s acceptance of the Lease is not
a guarantee or warranty, express or implied, of the success or profitability of a Sonic Restaurant operated at
the Site. Sonic’s acceptance of the Lease indicates only that Sonic believes that the Lease’s terms meet, or that
Sonic has waived, its then acceptable criteria. Franchisee must give Sonic a copy of the fully-signed Lease
within ten (10) days after Franchisee and the landlord have signed it. Franchisee must sign a Lease that Sonic
has accepted within sixty (60) days after the date upon which Sonic accepts the Site (or the date of this
Agreement if the Site is determined on that date).

        3.03    Restaurant Development. Sonic shall provide Franchisee with Sonic’s standard construction
plans and specifications for a free-standing Sonic Restaurant, including mandatory and recommended
standards and specifications for the building, equipment layout and signs (“Sonic Plans and Specifications”).

                 (a)     Franchisee shall construct or renovate the Restaurant in accordance with the Sonic
        Plans and Specifications and the site plan approved by Sonic subject, however, to any alterations
        thereto that may be required by any applicable law, regulation, or ordinance. If alterations of any kind
        are required to be made to the site plan, as approved by Sonic, or to the Sonic Plans and Specifications
        or layouts for any reason, such alterations must be approved by Sonic in writing before any work is
        begun on the Restaurant. Franchisee must bear all costs associated with any modifications to Sonic’s
                                                      5
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
