                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                                          SONIC RESTAURANT
                                        FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

         This Franchise Agreement (this “Franchise Agreement” or “Agreement”), dated as of the Effective
Date, is made by and between Sonic and Franchisee, all of which are defined in the Contract Data Schedule.

                                                  RECITALS

         A.     Sonic or its Affiliate (defined below) is the owner of, and Sonic has the right to license, the
Sonic System (defined below) that is used in the development and operation of drive-in restaurants and other
restaurants which feature specialty drinks, ice cream desserts, cheeseburgers, chicken entrees, hot dogs and
other items, and which operate under the Sonic System and Proprietary Marks (defined below), as Sonic may
periodically modify them (collectively, “Sonic Restaurants”).

        B.      Franchisee wishes to obtain a license from Sonic to operate a Sonic Restaurant and to be
afforded the assistance provided by Sonic in connection therewith as described in this Agreement, and
understands and accepts the terms, conditions, and covenants set forth herein as those which are reasonably
necessary to maintain Sonic’s high and uniform standards of quality and service designed to protect the
goodwill and enhance the public image of the Proprietary Marks and the Sonic System, and recognizes the
necessity of operating the Restaurant (defined below) in faithful compliance therewith, and with Sonic’s
standards and specifications.

        In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and consideration below, Sonic and
Franchisee agree as follows:

1.      DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, unless the context of
their use in this Agreement requires otherwise, the following words and phrases shall have the following
meanings when used in this Agreement.

        1.01     Affiliate. “Affiliate” means any Person which directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries Controls the specified Person, the specified Person Controls, or shares a common Control with
the specified Person.

         1.02    Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means (a) methods and procedures for
preparation of food and beverage products, including confidential recipes; (b) distinctive service and
accessories; (c) plans and specifications for interior and exterior signs, designs, layouts, and color schemes;
(d) methods, techniques, formats, systems, specifications, procedures, business information, trade secrets, sales
and marketing programs and information, methods of business operations and management, and knowledge of
and experience in the operation and franchising of Sonic Restaurants; (e) any proprietary information contained
in the Sonic Operations Manual or otherwise communicated to Franchisee in writing, verbally or through the
internet or other online or computer communications concerning the development or operation of a Sonic
Restaurant; (f) the names, contact information, ordering history and other personal information (excluding
credit card data and other account data that Franchisee collects through the Restaurant’s POS system) of or
relating to the Restaurant’s customers or prospective customers (collectively, “Customer Data”); and (g) any
other information that Sonic reasonably designates from time to time as confidential or proprietary.

         1.03     Control. “Control” means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by contract, or otherwise.


2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
