                      Restaurant Type                                  Initial Franchise Fee
  Traditional Drive-In at the location of a SONIC®
                                                   $12,500, or if you are an existing franchisee in
  Restaurant that another franchisee previously
                                                   good standing, $5,000
  operated and closed within the last year
                                                   $11,250 (or $1,125 multiplied by the number of
  Non-Traditional Location
                                                   full or partial years in the term, up to 10 years)
                                                   $11,250 (or $1,125 multiplied by the number of
  Non-Drive-In Locations That Are C-Stores
                                                   full or partial years in the term, up to 10 years)
  Relocation                                       $0

If, when signing the Franchise Agreement, you agree to operate a Traditional Drive-In at the location
of a SONIC® Restaurant that another franchisee previously operated and closed within the last year,
the initial franchise fee is either (1) $5,000, if you are a franchisee in good standing; or (2) $12,500.

Training Fees

At least 1 full-time manager working in your Restaurant must complete the General Manager
Leadership Class training to our satisfaction no later than 60 days before your Restaurant’s opening
date. You must pay us $250 per attendee upon registration in the General Manager Leadership Class.
No portion of the training fee is refundable under any circumstances.

In addition, for new Sonic franchisees, the initial training fee is $5,000 per person to attend the “Sonic
Training Program” for the 4th or subsequent trainee. The Initial Training Fee for the first 3 people to
attend the Sonic Training Program is included in the initial franchise fee. If you cancel a scheduled
training, you must pay us our then-current cancellation fee. Our current cancellation fee is $1,250 per
person if you cancel 8-14 days before the scheduled class, and $2,500 per person if you cancel 7 days
or fewer before the scheduled class.

Design Fees

You are not required to use our affiliates’ services for developing a preliminary site layout (“PSL”) or
a preliminary kitchen layout (“PKL”) for your Sonic Restaurant. If you do request that our affiliates
develop and provide you with a PSL and/or PKL for your new or remodeling Sonic Restaurant, then
you must pay our affiliate the then-current Site Design Fees or Kitchen Layout Design Fees, as
applicable. Currently, the Site Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling Sonic
Restaurant, and the Kitchen Layout Design Fee is $1,200 for a PKL for a new Sonic Restaurant, and
$750 for a PKL for a remodeling Sonic Restaurant. Our affiliates only offer PSL services for
Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

Development Fee

Under the Development Agreement you must pay us a nonrefundable development fee of $10,000
multiplied by the number of Sonic Restaurants to be developed under the Development Schedule
when you sign the Development Agreement. We will credit $10,000 towards the franchise fee for
each Sonic Restaurant opened under the Development Agreement. You (or your Controlled Affiliate)
must pay us the balance of the franchise fee when you (or your Controlled Affiliate) sign the Franchise
Agreement for the Sonic Restaurant being developed. We and you will determine the number of
Restaurants you must develop, and the dates by which you must develop them, before signing the
Development Agreement. No portion of the development fee is refundable under any circumstances.
                                                   21
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
