       for the full price in the month during which the charge or sale occurs, regardless of the time
       when you receive payment (in whole or in part) for the charge or sale. The phrase “Gross
       Sales” shall not include (a) sales of merchandise for which you make a cash refund, if
       previously included in Gross Sales; (b) the price of merchandise returned by customers for
       exchange, if you previously included the sales price of the merchandise returned by the
       customer in Gross Sales and includes the sales price of merchandise delivered to the customer
       in exchange in Gross Sales; (c) the amount of any sales tax imposed by any governmental
       authority directly on sales and collected from customers, if you add the amount of the tax to
       the sales price or absorbs the amount of the sales tax in the sales price and you actually pay
       the tax to the governmental authority; (d) amounts not received for menu items because of
       discounts or coupons, if properly documented; (e) amounts received from the sale of Sonic-
       approved stored-value cards; and (f) any proceeds received for the sale of the Restaurant.

       If you fail to provide us with complete Gross Sales reports or other financial reports on a
       timely basis for any period, then you must pay us (or we may debit your account for) an
       amount equal to 120% of the last royalty fees, contributions to the SMF and SBF, and other
       amounts that you previously paid us (or we debited). If the amounts that you pay us (or we
       debit from your account) are less than the amounts you actually owe us, as calculated once we
       have determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales, you must pay us (or we will debit your
       account for) the balance, plus the interest and 10% administrative fee, on the day we specify.
       If the amounts that you pay (or we debit from your account) are greater than the amounts you
       actually owe us, as calculated once we have determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales,
       we will credit the excess (without interest) against the amounts you otherwise owe us during
       the following period(s).

(4)    We currently collect certain amounts from you for the System Marketing Fund (“SMF”) and
       your advertising cooperative, based on the market in which your Traditional Drive-In
       operates. We determine (and may periodically modify) new, developing and core markets in
       our sole judgment, and we currently consider factors such as the penetration of the market
       (people per drive-in) and the tenure of the Sonic Restaurants in the market. We may
       periodically modify the amount we require for advertising cooperative and SMF contributions,
       but we will not require contributions of more than 5% of Gross Sales (although the advertising
       cooperative can vote to require additional contributions).

         Drive-in Market             Allocation (as percent of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales)
         Type*                      Allocated to Cooperative             Allocated to SMF
         Core                                 0.5%                        2.75% to 4.5%
         Developing                           0.5%                             4.5%
         New                                  None                              5%

       The cooperative for your Restaurant’s market might also require you to contribute additional
       amounts, either directly or through our collections. If your Sonic Drive-In is located in a
       Designated Market Area (DMA) that does not have an approved advertising cooperative, you
       must promptly form an advertising cooperative for that DMA. Company Drive-Ins have the
       same voting rights in each advertising cooperative as Franchise Drive-Ins, that is, 1 vote per
       drive-in in good standing. Each cooperative determines, by majority vote (but subject to our
       approval), how to spend its allocated portion of funds for advertising and marketing in the
       local DMA. For advertising cooperatives in which Company Drive-Ins currently have
                                                 28
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
