a lawsuit against our affiliate, DBI, related to credential-stuffing cyberattacks during 2015 and 2018.
The NYAG alleged that the cyber attackers used individuals’ credentials obtained from elsewhere on
the Internet to gain access to certain information for DD Perks customers and others who had
registered a Dunkin’ gift card. The NYAG further alleged that DBI failed to adequately notify
customers and to adequately investigate and disclose the security breaches, which the NYAG alleged
violated the New York laws concerning data privacy as well as unfair trade practices. On September
21, 2020, without admitting or denying the NYAG’s allegations, DBI and the NYAG entered into a
consent agreement to resolve the State’s complaint. Under the consent order, DBI agreed to pay
$650,000 in penalties and costs, issue certain notices and other types of communications to New York
customers, and maintain a comprehensive information security program through September 2026,
including precautions and response measures for credential-stuffing attacks.

In the Matter of Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV LLC (Securities Commissioner of Maryland, Case
No. 2025-0122). On March 28, 2022, JJF filed a Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) with the
Maryland Securities Division as part of a notice of exemption from franchise registration. In this
filing, JJF listed the former franchisees but omitted the required contact information for the majority
of those franchisees. The Maryland Securities Commissioner asserted that this omission violated the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
Franchise Rule, and the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA)
Guidelines, all of which require franchisors to provide contact information for former franchisees in
their FDDs. JJF asserted that the omission was inadvertent and not material, but in order to avoid the
time commitment and expense of administrative or judicial proceedings, the Maryland Securities
Commissioner and JJF entered into a Consent Order on June 9, 2025. Under the terms of the Consent
Order, JJF agreed to pay a $30,000 civil monetary penalty, to permanently cease and desist from the
offer or sale of franchises in violation of the Maryland Franchise Law, and to disclose the existence
of the Consent Order in future franchise disclosure documents.

Except as described above, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                             ITEM 4
                                          BANKRUPTCY

No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                              ITEM 5
                                           INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee

You must pay us an initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The initial franchise
fees described here are fully earned when paid and are not refundable under any circumstances.
During our 2025 fiscal year, the initial franchise fees paid by our franchisees ranged from $1,250 to
$45,000.

                     Restaurant Type                                  Initial Franchise Fee
  Traditional Drive-In location or Non-Drive-In
                                                $15,000
  Location


                                                  20
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
