Sonic Brand Fund
You must contribute 0.90% of the monthly Gross Sales of your Restaurant to the SBF. In some
instances, certain suppliers provide funds to the SBF. Company Drive-Ins also contribute to the SBF
on the same basis as Franchise Drive-Ins.

We administer the SBF and direct all brand programs, with sole discretion over the concepts,
materials, guidelines, and media used in those programs. The SBF is intended to enhance the Sonic
system and maximize general public recognition and acceptance of the Proprietary Marks for the
benefit of the Sonic Restaurant network. We have no obligation in administering the SBF to make
expenditures for you which are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution. On a quarterly basis,
we will consult with the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its successor regarding
our maintenance and administration of the SBF and report on the SBF’s operation.

During our 2025 fiscal year, funds from the SBF were spent as follows:
               Item                                                           Percent
               Advertising and Marketing                                      65.91%
               Product Cost Equalization/Volatility Management                 9.01%
               Administrative Expenses                                         8.09%
               Customer Relations                                              3.90%
               Sonic Games                                                     8.66%
               Point of Purchase Support                                       3.61%
               Other (including quality assurance and mystery shoppers)         .82%
                                                                  Total        100 %

We will use the SBF and all earnings exclusively to meet the costs of maintaining, administering,
directing, and preparing advertising and other promotional programs, including the cost of preparing
and conducting television, radio, magazine, and newspaper advertising campaigns and other public
relations activities; employing advertising agencies to assist; and providing promotional brochures
and other marketing materials to franchisees in the Sonic system, and any other purpose that promotes,
enhances, or protects the Sonic system, including food safety programs, customer feedback programs,
and Sonic games. The SBF covers costs for digital media, print, radio and television campaigns, other
public relations activities, employing advertising agencies, conducting promotional tests and
providing promotional brochures and other marketing materials to our franchisees. The SBF pays us
monthly an amount equal to 15% of the SBF’s receipts during the preceding month, but not to exceed
our actual administrative costs and overhead, if any, as we may incur in activities reasonably related
to the administration or direction of the SBF for the franchisees and the Sonic Restaurant network,
including conducting market research, preparing marketing, advertising, and other materials, and
collecting and accounting for assessments for the SBF. The SBF and its earnings do not inure to our
benefit. If we do not spend all the SBF fees in the fiscal year in which the funds accrued, we will
carry the funds over to the next fiscal year. We do not use any of the funds of the SBF principally for
the solicitation of the sale of Sonic Restaurant franchises.

The SBF is not our asset, and an independent certified public accountant we designate will review the
operation of the SBF annually, and we will make the report available to you upon request. However,
the body that we approve and designate as the body to consult with regarding our maintenance and
administration of the SBF (such as the Franchise Advisory Council Executive Committee or its
successor) may designate the independent public accountant to conduct the required review of the
                                                   43
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
