                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

        16.03   Sonic’s Option to Purchase Restaurant Assets.

                 (a)     Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Sonic has the option, exercisable
        by giving Franchisee written notice within thirty (30) days after the date of termination or expiration
        (the “Exercise Notice”), to purchase the furniture, fixtures, equipment and other assets used in the
        operation of the Restaurant that Sonic designates (the “Restaurant Assets”). Sonic has the unrestricted
        right to exclude any assets it specifies relating to the Restaurant from the Restaurant Assets and not
        acquire them. Franchisee agrees to provide Sonic the financial statements and other information Sonic
        reasonably requires, and to allow Sonic to inspect the Restaurant and its assets, to determine whether
        to exercise Sonic’s option under this Section 16.03. If Franchisee or one of its Affiliates owns the
        Restaurant’s premises, Sonic may elect to include a fee simple interest in the premises as part of the
        Restaurant Assets or, at Sonic’s option, lease the premises from Franchisee or that Affiliate for an
        initial five (5)-year term with three (3) renewal terms of five (5) years (at Sonic’s option) on
        commercially reasonable terms. Franchisee (and its Owners) agree to cause Franchisee’s Affiliate to
        comply with these requirements. If Franchisee leases the Restaurant’s premises from an unaffiliated
        lessor, Franchisee agrees (at Sonic’s option) to assign the lease to Sonic or to enter into a sublease for
        the remainder of the lease term on the same terms (including renewal options) as the lease.

                 (b)     While Sonic is deciding whether to exercise its option under this Section 16.03, and,
        if Sonic does exercise that option, during the period beginning with its delivery of the Exercise Notice
        and continuing through the closing of the purchase, then at Sonic’s option and at Sonic’s direction,
        Franchisee must continue to operate the Restaurant according to this Agreement and all aspects of the
        Sonic System. However, Sonic may, at any time during that period, enter the Restaurant’s premises
        and assume the management of the Restaurant itself or appoint a third party (who may be Sonic’s
        Affiliate) to manage the Restaurant. All funds from the operation of the Restaurant while Sonic or its
        appointee assumes the Restaurant’s management will be kept in a separate account, and all of the
        expenses of the Restaurant will be charged to that account. Sonic or its appointee may charge
        Franchisee (in addition to the amounts due under this Agreement) a management fee equal to three
        percent (3%) of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales during the period of management, plus any direct costs
        and expenses associated with the management. Sonic or its appointee has a duty to utilize only
        reasonable efforts and will not be liable to Franchisee for any debts, losses or obligations the Restaurant
        incurs, or to any of Franchisee’s creditors for any products or services the Restaurant purchases, while
        managing it. Franchisee shall not take any action or fail to take any action that would interfere with
        Sonic’s or its appointee’s exclusive right to manage the Restaurant.

                 (c)     The purchase price for the Restaurant Assets (the “Purchase Price”) will be their fair
        market value for use in the operation of a restaurant at a location other than the Restaurant’s premises,
        but not a Sonic Restaurant as a going concern, except that the Purchase Price will not include any value
        for any rights granted by this Agreement, goodwill attributable to the Proprietary Marks, Sonic’s brand
        image, any Confidential Information or Sonic’s other intellectual property rights, or participation in
        the network of Sonic Restaurants.

                (d)       If Sonic and Franchisee cannot agree on the Purchase Price for the Restaurant Assets,
        it will be determined by three (3) independent appraisers, each of whom in doing so will be bound by
        the criteria specified in Subsection (c). Sonic will appoint one appraiser, Franchisee will appoint one
        appraiser, and these two appraisers will appoint the third appraiser. Franchisee and Sonic agree to
        appoint their respective appraisers within fifteen (15) days after Sonic delivers the Exercise Notice (if
        Franchisee and Sonic have not agreed on the Purchase Price before then), and the two appraisers so
        chosen must appoint the third appraiser within ten (10) days after the last of them is appointed. If
        either Sonic or Franchisee does not appoint their respective appraiser by that deadline, then the other
                                                      29
2026 Sonic FDD
Exhibit B-1 - Franchise Agreement
1625635756.2
