                                           SONIC FRANCHISING LLC
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Intangible Assets, net

The Company’s intangible assets subject to amortization consist of franchise agreements. These assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis.

The Company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the related asset groups may not be recoverable. If such reviews indicate the intangible asset
may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the
intangible asset.

During the years ended December 28, 2025, December 29, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company determined no
impairment was indicated for its intangible assets.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations. The
Company’s franchisees and Affiliates pay royalties based on a percentage of sales. Royalties are recognized as revenue
when they are earned. Franchise Drive-In openings typically occur as a result of existing development agreements. Each
development agreement gives a developer the exclusive right to construct, own and operate Sonic Drive-Ins within a defined
area. In exchange, each developer agrees to open a minimum number of Sonic Drive-Ins in the area within a prescribed time
period. Franchisees who enter into development agreements typically pay a fee, which is credited against the initial
franchise fees due when Sonic Drive-Ins are opened. The initial franchise fees are paid for services provided relating to the
sale of the franchise license. These fees are deferred and recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of each
respective franchise agreement. Any unamortized portion of the initial franchise fee is presented in the accompanying
balance sheets as "Current portion of deferred revenue" and"Noncurrent deferred revenue."

Income Taxes

The Company is a single-member limited liability company which has not elected to be taxed as an association, and
consequently, is not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Federal and state income taxes are the responsibility of
the Parent. Therefore, no U.S. or state income taxes or deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recorded in the financial
statements.

Contributions from and Distributions to Parent

Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid.

The Company presents contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the statements of member’s equity
and on a net basis as a financing activity on the statements of cash flows.

Fair Value Measurements

The Company’s financial instruments include "Restricted cash and cash equivalents" and "Accounts receivable, net". The
fair value of "Restricted cash and cash equivalents" and "Accounts receivable, net" approximate book value due to their
short-term nature. Asset groups containing other definite-lived assets are tested for impairment if an event occurs that
indicates an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs. The Company
has not changed the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities during 2025.




                                                       8
