We will provide you with the standard construction plans and specifications for a free-standing Sonic
Restaurant, including mandatory and recommended standards and specifications for the building,
equipment layout, and signs (the “Sonic Plans and Specifications”). You cannot deviate from the
approved plans and specifications in any manner in the construction or remodeling of the Restaurant
without our prior written approval. If you make any alterations to the site plan, as we approved it, or
to the Sonic Plans and Specifications or layouts for any reason, these alterations are subject to our
prior approval before any work begins on the Restaurant. Before you open your Restaurant, you must
submit to us a record of drawings showing all approved changes to the plans and specifications. At
your option, our affiliates also may provide site and kitchen layout design services. Our affiliates
only offer site layout services for Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

Except as described in this Item 8, neither we nor our affiliates are currently an approved supplier or
the only approved supplier of any products or services for your Restaurant. Except as described in
this Item 8, you currently are not required to purchase or lease any goods, services, supplies, fixtures,
equipment, inventory, computer hardware or software, real estate or comparable items related to
establishing or operating the franchised business from us, our affiliates, or our approved suppliers.

Insurance

Before opening or taking possession of the Restaurant, you must acquire and maintain the forms of
insurance with the coverages and amounts that we periodically specify from insurance companies
acceptable to us. You must name us, our owners, and our affiliates (including Inspire Brands, Inc.)
as additional insureds and loss payees under the policies as we specify, and the policies must contain
a waiver of subrogation in favor of us, our owners, and our affiliates regarding your operations of the
Restaurant. You must provide us at least 30 days’ prior notice of cancellation or amendment of the
policies. Within 10 days after we request, you must provide certificates of insurance evidencing that
you obtained the required insurance policies. At least 30 days before a policy expires, you must
deliver evidence of continuation of the required insurance policies. We may require you to increase
the insurance coverage amounts or obtain additional insurance upon 60 days’ written notice, and you
must comply no later than the first policy renewal date after the 60-day period. If you fail to obtain
and maintain the required insurance policies, we may (but are not required to) acquire and administer
the required minimum insurance coverage on your behalf and you must reimburse us for all costs.

Interest in Approved Suppliers

Some of our officers own interests in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, and Inspire Brands owns an
interest in Checkmate.com, Inc. (one of our suppliers), so some of our officers have an indirect interest
in Checkmate.com, Inc. Except as disclosed above, there are no approved or designated suppliers in
which any of our officers or directors own an interest.

Proportion of Purchases Subject to Specifications

Collectively, the purchases and leases that you must make from us or our affiliates, from designated
or approved suppliers, or under our standards and specifications represent about 16% to 25% of your
purchases and leases to establish, and 34% to 50% of your purchases and leases to operate, your
Restaurant.



                                                   35
Sonic | 2026 FDD
1625635752.3
