                                           AMENDMENT TO

                                   DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

                             REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS

        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Development Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all POPEYES franchises offered and sold in the
State of Illinois:

         This Amendment is only applicable if Developer is a resident of Illinois or if the Restaurant
will be located in Illinois.

         1.      Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, Ill. Comp. Stat. §§ 705/1
to 705/44 (the “Act”) states that "Any provision in a franchise agreement which designates
jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of this State is void with respect to any cause of action
which otherwise is enforceable in this State, provided that a franchise agreement may provide for
arbitration in a forum outside of this State."

        2.      Illinois law governs the Development Agreement.

       3.      Franchisee’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19
and 20 of the Act.

      4.       The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the
bankruptcy of Developer may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101.

          5.     Any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring a
franchisee to waive requirements with any provisions of the Act or any other law of the State of
Illinois is void. This shall not prevent any person from entering into a settlement agreement or
executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed under the provisions of
the Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of
the United States Code.

        6.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        7.        By entering into this Amendment, Developer expressly consents to transact
business with PLK electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, and all other applicable state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by
electronic signatures. The parties to this Amendment agree that the parties' electronic signatures
are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of
manual signatures and an electronically signed version of this Amendment shall constitute an
original for all purposes.



State of Illinois Amendment to Development Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                              (Page 1 of 2)
