        and/or BOH System with such technological platforms designated by Franchisor from time
        to time (including websites and mobile applications designated by Franchisor).

                 B.     Franchisee must also, at its sole cost and expense: (a) maintain, use and/or
        operate a centralized or technology based methods of taking, processing, routing, and
        delivering orders or receiving payment for such orders that may be mandated by Franchisor
        at any time during the Term in addition to the methods and technology Franchisor currently
        uses or authorizes (individually an “Additional Ordering System” and collectively
        “Additional Ordering Systems”); and (b) add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and
        software in connection with the Additional Ordering Systems. To the extent any products
        and services related to an Additional Ordering System are owned by Franchisor or provided
        to Franchisee by Franchisor, Franchisor may charge up front and/or ongoing fees.
        Franchisor shall be the sole owner of all direct and related rights and assets, including
        software and hardware, intellectual property and all data generated by the Additional
        Ordering Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment Franchisee purchases directly for
        the purpose of gaining access to the Additional Order System. If Franchisor requires
        Franchisee to use an Additional Ordering System, then Franchisee shall comply with
        Franchisor’s requirements for connecting to and utilizing such technology in connection
        with Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee will install and
        implement any Additional Ordering System required by Franchisor within the reasonable
        time specified by Franchisor.

                C.      Franchisee must also, at its sole cost and expense: (a) maintain, use and/or
        operate technology for the purpose of communicating with customers of POPEYES
        Restaurants and the collection, processing, storage and use of POPEYES Restaurant
        customer data that may be mandated by Franchisor at any time during the Term in addition
        to the methods and technology Franchisor currently uses or authorizes (individually an
        “Additional Digital System” and collectively, the “Additional Digital Systems”); and (b)
        add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and software in connection with the Additional
        Digital Systems. To the extent any products and services related to an Additional Digital
        System are owned by Franchisor or provided to Franchisee by Franchisor, Franchisor may
        charge up front and/or ongoing fees. Franchisor shall be the sole owner of all direct and
        related rights and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all data
        generated by the Additional Digital Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment
        Franchisee purchases directly for the purpose of gaining access to an Additional Digital
        System. Franchisor may provide the data to third parties and use the data generated by the
        Additional Digital Systems (1) to analyze customer trends, (2) to market Franchisor-
        developed goods and products to all customers or specific customer(s), (3) to reward loyal
        or repeat customers, (4) to provide the data to third parties, and (5) for such other purposes
        as Franchisor deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees
        that any amounts received by Franchisor from providing the data generated by the
        Additional Digital Systems to third parties shall be the sole property of Franchisor. If
        Franchisor requires Franchisee to use an Additional Digital System, then Franchisee shall
        comply with Franchisor’s requirements for connecting to and utilizing such technology in
        connection with Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee will


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        27
Exhibit D (03/2026)
