respect to Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks or (ii) use, assign, possess or have access to any trade
secrets or confidential information of Franchisor.

        14.05. Transfer on Death or Mental Incapacity. Upon the death or mental incapacity of
any person with an interest in this Agreement, the Franchised Restaurant or Franchisee, the
executor, administrator, or personal representative of such person shall transfer his or her interest
to a third party approved by Franchisor within twelve (12) months after such death or mental
incapacity. Such transfer, including transfer by devise or inheritance, shall be subject to the same
conditions as any inter vivos transfer. However, in the case of transfer by devise or inheritance, if
the heirs or beneficiaries of any such person are unable to meet the conditions in this Section XIV,
the personal representative of the deceased shall have a reasonable time, but in no event more than
eighteen (18) months from the deceased’s death, to dispose of the deceased’s interest in this
Agreement and the business conducted pursuant hereto, which disposition shall be subject to all
the terms and conditions for assignments and transfers contained in this Agreement. If the interest
is not disposed of within twelve (12) or eighteen (18) months, whichever is applicable, Franchisor
may terminate this Agreement.

         14.06. Right of First Refusal. Any party holding an interest in this Agreement, the
Franchised Restaurant or in Franchisee, and who desires to accept a bona fide offer from a third
party to purchase such interest, shall notify Franchisor in writing of such offer within ten (10) days
of receipt of such offer, and shall provide such information and documentation relating to the offer
as Franchisor may require. Franchisor shall have the right and option, exercisable within thirty
(30) days after receipt of the notice of offer and the furnishing of all reasonably requested
information, to send written notice to the seller that Franchisor intends to purchase the seller’s
interest on the same terms and conditions offered by the third party. In the event that Franchisor
elects to purchase the seller’s interest, closing on such purchase must occur within sixty (60) days
from the date of notice to the seller of the election to purchase by Franchisor. Any material change
in the terms of any offer prior to closing shall constitute a new offer subject to the same rights of
first refusal by Franchisor as in the case of an initial offer. Failure of Franchisor to exercise the
option afforded by this Section 14.06. shall not constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this
Agreement, including all of the requirements of this Section XIV, with respect to a proposed
transfer. In the event the consideration, terms, and/or conditions offered by a third party are such
that Franchisor may not reasonably be required to furnish the same consideration, terms, and/or
conditions, then Franchisor may purchase the interest in this Agreement, Franchisee, or the
Franchised Restaurant proposed to be sold for the reasonable equivalent in cash. If the parties
cannot agree within a reasonable time as to the reasonable equivalent in cash of the consideration,
terms, and/or conditions offered by the third party, an independent appraiser shall be designated
by Franchisor, and his or her determination shall be binding upon the parties.

        14.07. Offerings by Franchisee. Securities or partnership interests in Franchisee may be
offered to the public, by private offering or otherwise, only with the prior written consent of
Franchisor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. All materials required for such
offering by federal or state law shall be submitted to Franchisor for review prior to their being filed
with any governmental agency; and any materials to be used in any exempt offering shall be
submitted to Franchisor for review prior to their use. No offering of such securities shall imply
(by use of the Proprietary Marks or otherwise) that Franchisor is participating in the underwriting,

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        38
Exhibit D (03/2026)
