                                        AMENDMENT TO
                           MULTIPLE TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
                           REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement,
the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all POPEYES franchises offered and sold in the State
of North Dakota:

          This Amendment is only applicable if Developer is a resident of North Dakota or if the Restaurant
will be located in North Dakota.

        1.      The Multiple Target Reservation Agreement is amended to add the following:

                “This Agreement shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of
                Developer as provided for in the North Dakota Century Code governing
                franchisees.”

       2.       The Multiple Target Reservation Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
North Dakota.

        3.      No provision of the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement shall be interpreted to
accelerate any statute of limitations contained in any provision of the North Dakota Century Code.

        4.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

        5.      By entering into this Amendment, Developer expressly consents to transact business with
PLK electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and all other applicable
state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by electronic signatures. The parties to this
Amendment agree that the parties' electronic signatures are intended to authenticate this writing and to
have the same force and effect as the use of manual signatures and an electronically signed version of this
Amendment shall constitute an original for all purposes.

                           [THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]




State of North Dakota Amendment to MTRA
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                                (Page 1 of 2)
