to meet Franchisor’s reasonable standards and specifications for such items; who possess adequate
quality controls and capacity to supply Franchisee’s needs promptly and reliably; whose approval
would not adversely impact the overall efficiencies of the Popeyes System; and who have been
approved in writing by Franchisor and such approval has not thereafter been revoked. If
Franchisee desires to purchase any such items from an unapproved supplier, Franchisee shall
submit to Franchisor a written request for approval, or shall request the supplier itself to seek
approval. Franchisor shall have the right to require, as a condition of its approval, that its
representatives be permitted to inspect the supplier’s facilities, and that samples from the supplier
be delivered, at Franchisor’s option, either to Franchisor or to an independent laboratory
designated by Franchisor for testing prior to granting approval. A charge not to exceed the cost
and expenses actually incurred by Franchisor to conduct any inspection, including the actual cost
of testing, shall be paid by the supplier or Franchisee. In addition, if the proposed supplier lacks
its own current and approved form of third-party audit, Franchisor’s reasonable cost of third-party
audit fees shall also be paid by the supplier or Franchisee. Franchisor reserves the right, at its
option, to reinspect the facilities and products of any such approved supplier from time to time and
to revoke its approval upon failure of such supplier to continue to meet any of the foregoing
criteria. Nothing in the foregoing shall be construed to require Franchisor to approve any particular
supplier, nor to require Franchisor to make available to prospective suppliers, standards and
specifications for formulas that Franchisor, in its sole discretion, deems confidential.

        10.08. Franchisor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to establish an advertising
cooperative (“Ad Co-op”) in any designated market area, as defined by Nielsen Media Research,
Inc. (“DMA”). In addition, an Ad Co-op for the DMA in which the Franchised Restaurant is located
may be established upon the favorable vote of the owners of all Popeyes Restaurants (including non-
franchised restaurants) within the same DMA. Each owner will be entitled to cast one (1) vote for
each restaurant owned and operated by that owner within such DMA. If 80% of all votes entitled to
be cast vote in favor of establishing an Ad Co-op, then such Ad Co-op shall be formed.

                A.     Once an Ad Co-op is established in the DMA in which the Franchised
        Restaurant is located, Franchisee shall become a member of such Ad Co-op upon
        commencement of operation of the Franchised Restaurant if the Ad Co-op is in existence
        at that time, or no later than thirty (30) days after the date on which the Ad Co-op
        commences operation. In no event shall Franchisee be required to be a member of more
        than one Ad Co-op with respect to the Franchised Restaurant.

                B.     If an Ad Co-op has been established, Franchisee shall contribute the amount
        established, from time to time, by the Ad Co-op for its members (the “Co-op
        Contribution”). The Co-op Contribution shall be sent to Franchisor by Franchisee
        together with the Advertising Contribution set forth in Section 3.02 herein, and will be
        allocated by Franchisor to the applicable Ad Co-op account, which will be administered by
        Franchisor.

                C.   Each Ad Co-op shall be organized and governed in a form and manner, and
        shall commence operations on a date, approved in advance by Franchisor in writing.



Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       24
Exhibit D (03/2026)
