                                         AMENDMENT TO
                                     FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                                 REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF HAWAII

        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all POPEYES franchises offered and sold in the
State of Hawaii:

        1.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

       2.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law,
Hawaii Revised Statutes Chapter 482E are met independently without reference to this
Amendment.

         By entering into this Amendment, Franchisee expressly consents to transact business with
Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and all
other applicable state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by electronic
signatures. The parties to this Amendment agree that (i) the parties’ electronic signatures are
intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual
signatures, and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Amendment shall constitute an original
for all purposes.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have
duly executed and delivered this Amendment to the Agreement simultaneously with the execution
of the Agreement.

                                                    FRANCHISOR:

                                                    POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC.

                                                    By:

                                                    Name:
                                                    Its:

                                                    FRANCHISEE:

                                                    *

                                                    By:
                                                    Name:
                                                              Managing Owner

THIS AMENDMENT IS AN ATTACHMENT TO ALL FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS GRANTED IN
THE STATE OF HAWAII.
State of Hawaii Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                                   (Page 1 of 1)
