          4.    Section XV of the Agreement shall be amended to add the following new Section
15.06.:

                        15.06. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law,
                Franchisor shall comply with Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and
                5, which require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given
                ninety (90) days’ notice of termination (with sixty (60) days to cure) and
                one hundred eighty (180) days’ notice of non-renewal of the Franchise
                Agreement. To the extent the provisions of this Section XV are inconsistent
                therewith, this Section shall be superseded by the provisions and
                requirements of said statutes.

        5.      Section 16.04. of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no
force or effect; and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof:

                        16.04. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all damages, costs, and
                expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Franchisor in
                seeking recovery of damages caused by any action of Franchisee in
                violation of, or in seeking injunctive relief for the enforcement of, any
                portion of this Section XVI. Further, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees
                that any failure to comply with the provisions of this Section XVI shall
                result in irreparable injury to Franchisor.

        6.      Section 24.04. of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no
force or effect; and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof:

                        24.04. Nothing herein contained shall bar Franchisor’s right to seek
                injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause it loss or
                damages, under the usual equity rules, including the applicable rules for
                obtaining restraining orders and preliminary injunctions.

          7.    Section XXIV of the Agreement shall be amended to add following new Section
24.07.:

                        24.07. Minnesota Statute 80C-21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J
                prohibit Franchisor from requiring litigation to be conducted outside
                Minnesota. In addition, nothing in this Agreement can abrogate or reduce
                any of Franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter
                80C, or Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided
                for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

        8.       Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee
to assent to a general release from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C; provided,
that this shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.


State of Minnesota Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                              (Page 2 of 3)
