                                                 ITEM 10
                                               FINANCING

        If we own or lease the land or the land and building of your Franchised Restaurant, we may lease
or sublease the location to you. The lease terms are described in detail in Item 6 of this disclosure document.
The lease does not cover equipment, inventory, supplies, improvements and build-out, or the initial
franchise fee, and you are responsible for construction of the Franchised Restaurant at your cost.

        Except as disclosed below, we do not offer any direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee
your notes, leases, or obligations to third parties.

Ascentium Capital Equipment Financing Program

        We have entered into an agreement with Ascentium Capital, a division of Regions Bank
(“Ascentium”), a third-party equipment lender, under which Ascentium will offer financing to our
Franchisees who meet their requirements, to finance the cost of the purchase of certain equipment for a
Restaurant. Depending on various factors, the amount of this financing will range from $5,000 to
$2,000,000.

         Franchisees will pay monthly payments of principal and interest accruing on the loan. The
repayment period depends on the size of the loan and monthly payment amount considerations but is
generally between 12 and 72 months. Interest rates will be fixed at the time the loan is funded based on
various factors including length of term, loan amount, changes in rates, your credit history and operating
history, and other relevant risk factors. These factors will also be considered in setting your monthly loan
payment amount. (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement). As of the issuance date of this
disclosure document, the standard rate of interest is approximately 7.25% per annum, but this standard rate
may change over time. Loan terms are typically 3 to 6 years (depending upon the circumstances). You
may prepay the loan in full but you must pay a prepayment premium on the remaining loan balance equal
to 1% for each year or partial year remaining on the loan. You may not make partial prepayments.

        To be eligible for a loan from Ascentium, you must not be in default under your Franchise
Agreement with us and you must meet the credit requirements of Ascentium. The loan will be secured by
the equipment you are obtaining with the loan proceeds (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance
Agreement). Ascentium may require as a condition to making any loan that your owners and your affiliates
personally guaranty your obligations to Ascentium (Guaranty).

        You will be in default under your loan if you fail to make payments in a timely manner; if you or
any guarantor become insolvent, file a petition in bankruptcy, make an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or admit the inability to pay debts as they become due; if you or any guarantor terminate existence
or take any action to cease or wind up your business affairs; you otherwise breach or default under any
agreement with Ascentium; or you merge, consolidate with, or sell substantially all of your assets or a
majority of your ownership interests to any third party without Ascentium’s prior written consent
(Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 9).

          If you default, Ascentium may, at its election, accelerate and require that you pay all accrued and
unpaid amounts outstanding, and all of the remaining payments due under the financing agreement
(discounted to present value at the higher of 3% per annum or the lowest rate allowed by law). (Ascentium
Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 9). Ascentium can also take possession of the collateral,
sell it and apply the proceeds against what you owe Ascentium after deducting any costs it incurs. You must
also pay Ascentium’s costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, to enforce the financing
agreement (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 9). If you make a payment late you

Item 10
03/2026                                                                                                Page 43
