our business judgment, and you must comply with such modifications, additions, or rescissions. We
typically develop standards internally (for example, our Quality Assurance department develops our
standards for food and packaging materials) but we may also develop standards with suppliers.

        We estimate that your purchases from approved suppliers, from suppliers that we designate, and
otherwise under our standards will be approximately 95% of the total purchases and leases of products and
services needed to establish the Franchised Restaurant, and approximately 95% of the total purchases and
leases of products and services needed to operate the Franchised Restaurant. All of your food, packaging,
equipment, uniforms, and cleaning supply purchases must be made from suppliers that we designate.

        Except as described above, we do not require you to buy or lease any goods or services from
suppliers designated by us.

        By signing the Franchise Agreement, you become a member of a purchasing and logistical service
cooperative known as Supply Management Services, Inc. (“SMS”), or any successor thereto, and must
remain a member in good standing of SMS and pay all reasonable membership fees assessed by SMS. We
or SMS negotiate with vendors (with respect to factors such as sales terms and price terms) for the benefit
of the Popeyes System.

        We do not confer special or other material benefits on franchisees that buy or lease from approved
suppliers or sources. An officer of ours owns publicly traded shares of The Kraft Heinz Company, The
Coca-Cola Company and General Mills, Inc., suppliers of approved products to the Popeyes System.

        You must obtain the right to occupy the premises at which you will operate each Franchised
Restaurant. We have the right to review and approve these premises. If you lease or sublease the premises,
we have the right to review and approve the lease or sublease. In some situations we lease improved and
unimproved real estate, and in some cases associated equipment and furnishings, for some Franchised
Restaurants. There is not a general requirement that you lease real estate from us, but some locations or
restaurant facilities may only be available under a lease from us. We are not obligated to lease real estate
or equipment to you.


            [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

4908-2862-0075, v. 1




Item 8
03/2026                                                                                             Page 39
