5.2      Until the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 have been met, the proposed Franchised Restaurant shall not
open for business. Following the grant of a franchise, the Franchised Restaurant shall commence trading immediately
and, in any event, not later than seven (7) days thereafter, time being of the essence.

5.3     The duration of each Franchise Agreement shall be twenty (20) years or such other duration agreed in writing
by PLK.

5.4      Developer shall pay to PLK with respect to each Franchised Restaurant opened during the Term an "Initial
Franchise Fee", "Royalty", and "Advertising Contribution" (as such terms are defined in the franchise agreement
disclosed in PLK's then current Franchise Disclosure Document at the time of such opening) in the amounts equal to
the greater, in each case, of (i) the standard undiscounted rate for Initial Franchise Fee, Royalty, or Advertising
Contribution, as applicable, set forth in PLK's then current Franchise Disclosure Document at the time of such
opening and (ii)(A)$50,000.00 with respect to Initial Franchise Fee, (B) 5.0% of "Gross Sales" (as such term is defined
in the franchise agreement disclosed in PLK's then current Franchise Disclosure Document at the time of such
opening) with respect to Royalty, and (C) 4.0% of Gross Sales with respect to Advertising Contribution.

5.5  Prepaid Franchise Fee. Developer will pay to PLK initial franchise fees in advance in the amount of [INSERT
AMOUNT] (the “Prepaid Franchise Fees”). The Prepaid Franchise Fees shall be paid in installments as follows:

          Closing Date    [January 1,    [January 1,    [January 1,    [January 1,    [January 1,     [January 1,
                             20XX]          20XX]          20XX]          20XX]          20XX]           20XX]


              $[●]              $[●]         $[●]            $[●]          $[●]           $[●]           $[●]

Upon the execution of each Franchise Agreement for a Franchised Restaurant, PLK will apply the respective amount
of the Prepaid Franchise Fees as payment of the Initial Franchise Fee owed for that Franchised Restaurant until the
full amount of the Prepaid Franchise Fees are exhausted. Thereafter, Developer shall pay the applicable Initial
Franchise Fee to PLK in accordance with this Agreement.

5.6       Developer acknowledges and agrees that PLK will suffer substantial damages as a result of the termination
of this Agreement before the expiration of the Term. Some of those damages include lost Initial Franchise Fees,
Royalties, development opportunities, market penetration, opportunity costs, and expenses that PLK will incur in
developing or finding another franchisee to develop Popeyes Restaurants in the Territory (collectively, “Brand
Damages”). Developer and PLK acknowledge that Brand Damages are difficult to estimate accurately and proof of
Brand Damages would be burdensome and costly. Therefore, upon termination of this Agreement before the
expiration of the Term for any reason, as Brand Damages (a) PLK shall have the right to retain, without obligation for
any refund to Developer or for any application toward any future Initial Franchise Fees due from Developer, the
remaining balance of Prepaid Franchise Fees paid by Developer prior to the date of termination, and (b) Developer
shall pay to PLK an amount equal to the amount of the next installment of Prepaid Franchise Fees that would have
come due after the date of termination, which shall become immediately due and payable to PLK as of the date of
termination. Developer’s payment of the liquidated damages to PLK will not be considered a penalty but, rather, a
reasonable estimate of fair compensation to PLK for the Brand Damages. Developer acknowledges that the payment
of liquidated damages is full compensation to PLK only for the Brand Damages resulting from the early termination
of this Agreement and is in addition to, and not in lieu of, Developer’s obligations to pay other amounts due to PLK
under this Agreement as of the date of termination and to comply strictly with Developer’s other post-termination
obligations.

5.7       The amount of all fees payable pursuant to this Agreement by the Developer do not include Indirect Tax
and, in the event Indirect Tax applies under either existing law or a future change in statute or interpretation that
results in Indirect Tax on the fees, Developer will bear the economic burden of the Indirect Tax either (i) through
payment of the Indirect Tax to PLK or (ii) if Developer is required by law to pay the applicable Indirect Tax directly to
the relevant tax authority, Developer will not deduct any amount for Indirect Tax from the fees payable to PLK.

Popeyes Development Agreement
Exhibit C3 (03/2026)
                                                         8
