         Provision              Section                                  Summary
h. “Cause” defined – non-       Art. VI      Transfer of the Development Agreement; failure to cure within
   curable defaults                          60 days of end of development year a failure to meet the
                                             “Cumulative Opening Target” by end of a development year or
                                             subsequent failure to meet Cumulative Opening Target in
                                             development year; failure to meet requirements for franchise
                                             approval or failure to open a Restaurant by opening deadline;
                                             duplication of the Popeyes System; breach of confidentiality;
                                             breach of any restrictive covenant of any applicable Franchise
                                             Agreement; inability to pay debts or appointment of receiver;
                                             opening a Restaurant without franchise approval or site approval
                                             and/or without having delivered to us a Franchise Agreement for
                                             such Restaurant and applicable franchise fee; challenging the
                                             validity of any of the Proprietary Marks; providing any
                                             materially false or misleading information to us; breach various
                                             financial covenants that we negotiate with you; having
                                             Restaurant operations that fail to score in the top 50% of their
                                             peer category (peer category includes developer restaurants
                                             owned and operated by your affiliates, managing owners,
                                             operating partners, or key operators); receipt of grade of "D" or
                                             "F" in any metric used to measure operational performance; or if
                                             you, any board member or senior officer, the managing owner,
                                             managing director, or any other owner engages in conduct we
                                             believe adversely affects the reputation of the Popeyes
                                             Restaurants, the Popeyes System, or the goodwill associated
                                             with the Proprietary Marks; breach of any other agreement with
                                             a PLK affiliate.

i. Your obligations on        Section 5.6;   All rights granted under the Development Agreement and all
   termination/non-renewal      Art. VI      franchise approvals for Popeyes Restaurants not yet opened
                                             terminate, and if we terminate the Development Agreement
                                             before expiration of the term of the Agreement, we will retain all
                                             Prepaid Franchise Fees previously paid to us, and you must pay
                                             liquidated damages to us in an amount equal to the next
                                             installment, if any, of Prepaid Franchise Fees that would have
                                             come due following the termination.

j. Assignment of contract        §8.2        We may assign at any time.
   by us

k. “Transfer” by you -           § 8.1       Restrictions apply to assignment, transfer, sale, conveyance,
   defined                                   charge, encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, leasing,
                                             licensing, sublicensing, or other disposition of the Development
                                             Agreement or any rights granted under the Development
                                             Agreement, or the subcontracting or transfer of any assets
                                             necessary for you to fulfill your obligations under the
                                             Development Agreement.

l. Our approval of transfer      §8.1        No transfers are permitted without our prior written consent.
   by you


    Item 17
    03/2026                                                                                         Page 70
