shall fail to maintain in good standing any license necessary to conduct its business (LEAF Capital Finance
Agreement – Section 4).

          If you default, LEAF may, at its election, accelerate and require that you pay all accrued and unpaid
amounts outstanding, and all of the remaining payments due under the financing agreement (discounted to
present value at the higher of 3% per annum or the lowest rate allowed by law). (LEAF Capital Finance
Agreement – Sections 5&6). LEAF can also take possession of the collateral, sell it and apply the proceeds
against what you owe LEAF after deducting any costs it incurs. You must also pay LEAF’s costs and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, to enforce the financing agreement (LEAF Capital Finance
Agreement – Section 5). If you make a payment late you must pay LEAF a late charge of 1.5% of the payment
amount per month (not to exceed the highest rate allowed by applicable law) (LEAF Capital Finance
Agreement – Section 5).

           You must insure the collateral, at your cost, against all loss during the term of the loan. If you fail
to satisfy your insurance obligations, LEAF may obtain insurance on its collateral, and you must pay LEAF
all charges for obtaining the insurance including its administrative fees (LEAF Capital Finance Agreement
– Section 9).

          You waive your right to reduction or set-off and any issues relating to the collateral must be
resolved directly with the supplier (LEAF Capital Finance Agreement – Sections 14). Any disputes
concerning the loan must be venued in Pennsylvania. You waive your right to a jury trial and to assert
improper venue (LEAF Capital Finance Agreement – Section 12).

       A copy of the finance agreement proposed by LEAF is attached to this disclosure document as
Exhibit M.


              [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



4903-2655-4664, v. 3




Item 10
03/2026                                                                                                  Page 45
