        Contract Data page attached hereto and incorporated herein (the
        “Franchised Restaurant”), only upon the terms and conditions herein
        contained, and a license to use in connection therewith the Proprietary
        Marks and the Popeyes System.

        3.     Section 1.04 of the Renewal Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety.

        4.      Section 2.01 of the Renewal Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following new Section 2.01 is inserted in lieu thereof:

                2.01. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the term of
        this Agreement (the “Renewal Term” or the “Term”, as applicable) shall be
        for the period of time set forth on the Key Contract Data page. Franchisee
        agrees and shall be obligated to operate the Franchised Restaurant and
        perform hereunder for the full Renewal Term of this Agreement.
        Notwithstanding anything set forth below, if Franchisee continues to
        operate the Franchised Restaurant after the end of the Renewal Term
        without express written authorization from Franchisor to do so and does not
        renew this franchise in accordance with this Section, Franchisee shall be
        deemed to be operating such Franchised Restaurant on a month-to-month
        basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Franchisor may
        terminate this Agreement at any time after the end of the Term upon thirty
        (30) days prior written notice.

        5. Section 2.02 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the words “INTENTIONALLY OMITTED”.

       6.      Section 2.03 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

                2.03. Provided Franchisee is in “good standing” (as defined
        below) and not otherwise in default under the terms of this Agreement
        and/or any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor (or any
        parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Franchisor), Franchisee may, at any time
        during the term hereof, purchase an option (the “Supplemental Term
        Option”) for an additional ten (10) year renewal term commencing
        immediately following the Renewal Term (the “Supplemental Renewal
        Term”), upon the following terms and conditions:

                      A.      Franchisee shall pay a fee (the “Option Fee”) to
               Franchisor in the amount of fifty percent (50%) of the then-current
               Franchise Fee, at the time Franchisee acquires the Supplemental
               Term Option;


                                              2

Popeyes Renewal Amendment to Franchise Agreement
Exhibit F (03/2026)
