                                     ITEM 15
                            OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE
                IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

         You must designate and retain an individual to serve as the Managing Director of the Franchised
Restaurant. If you are an individual that owns the franchise, we recommend (but do not require) that you
be the Managing Director. You must designate a Managing Owner who must have the authority to bind
you in your dealings with us and our affiliates and who can direct any action necessary for your compliance
with the Franchise Agreement or any other agreements relating to your Franchised Restaurant. The
Managing Owner must be approved by us and must have at least a 10% legal or beneficial ownership
interest in the franchise or the right to receive 10% or more of the operating profits of the Franchised
Restaurant. Your Managing Owner, along with all of your other owners, must sign the Managing
Owner/Owner(s) Certification, an example of which is attached as Exhibit E2 to this disclosure document.
Among other things, this Certification prohibits those who sign it for 2 years after any termination or
expiration of a Franchise Agreement or sale of a Franchised Restaurant from owning, operating or have any
interest in any chicken business, except other franchised Popeyes Restaurants, either at or within 10 miles
of the premises of each Franchised Restaurant you own.

        The Managing Director must have full control over the day-to-day operations of the Franchised
Restaurant and any other Popeyes Restaurants owned by you located in the same geographic area. The
Managing Director must devote his or her full-time and best efforts to supervising the operation of the
Franchised Restaurant(s), ensuring compliance with the standards we set out in the Manual or otherwise in
writing, not engage in any other business or activity that requires substantial management responsibility,
and not own, operate or have any interest in any chicken business except other franchised Popeyes
Restaurants while employed as the Managing Director. The Managing Director must have his or her
primary residence within a reasonable driving distance of the Franchised Restaurant. The Managing
Director must complete all modules of PTP that we require. The Managing Director must also sign the
Managing Director Certification, an example of which is attached as Exhibit E3 to this disclosure
document. If the Managing Director for the Franchised Restaurant is not the same individual as the
Managing Owner, then, unless otherwise approved by us in writing, the Managing Director for the
Franchised Restaurant, collectively with all other individuals acting as Managing Directors for Franchised
Restaurants owned by you, if any, must have at least a 2.5% legal or beneficial ownership interest in the
franchise or the right to receive 2.5% or more of the operating profits of the Franchised Restaurants owned
by you.

        Your Franchised Restaurant must at all times be under the direct, on-premises supervision of a
Popeyes Certified Manager. You must maintain the number of Popeyes Certified Managers and crew
members on your staff as we require. If you operate more than one Popeyes Restaurant, you must also
employ a supervisor (who meets the reasonable standards that we set out in the Manual or otherwise in
writing) to supervise and coordinate the operation of the Popeyes Restaurants. You must hire another
Supervisor upon the opening of your 8th Popeyes Restaurant and for every additional 7-10 Popeyes
Restaurants that you open. Each Supervisor must complete all modules of PTP that we require. A Manager
does not need to own an equity interest in you unless the Manager is also your Managing Owner.

         You are solely responsible for all employment decisions and functions for the Franchised
Restaurant, such as those related to hiring, firing, remuneration, compensation, personnel policies, training,
benefits, insurance, compliance with wage and hour requirements, recordkeeping, and the supervision and
discipline of employees. The people that you hire to work in your Franchised Restaurant will be your agents
and employees. They are not our agents or employees and we are not a joint employer of those persons.



Item 15
03/2026                                                                                                Page 66
