        to have an adverse effect on the System, the Proprietary Marks, the goodwill associated
        therewith, or Franchisor’s interest therein;

                 C.      (i) If a threat or danger to public health or safety results from the
        construction, maintenance, or operation of the Franchised Restaurant or from the material
        violation of any health and safety laws, rules, or regulations, or (ii) if the Franchised
        Restaurant is closed as a result of a failed inspection by the health department and in the
        event of such closure Franchisor determines, in its sole discretion, that the failed inspection
        is the result of repeated or material failure by Franchisee to comply with the requirements
        of the Franchise Agreement or the health department. Notwithstanding anything herein to
        the contrary, in the event of a default described in this Section 15.02(C) Franchisor shall
        have the right, in addition to any other right or remedy available hereunder, to require, upon
        verbal notice from Franchisor to Franchisee, that the Franchised Restaurant be closed to
        the public and/or remain closed until the applicable food, health, or safety matters are
        cured. Failure to close the Franchised Restaurant upon such verbal notice shall be an act of
        default, and, if this act of default shall occur, Franchisor shall have the right to immediately
        terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective immediately and with no
        opportunity to cure;

                D.     If Franchisee, or any partner or shareholder of Franchisee purports to
        transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement or any interest in Franchisee
        without Franchisor’s prior written consent, contrary to the terms of Section XIV hereof;

                E.       If Franchisee fails to comply with the in-term covenants in Section 13.02.
        hereof or fails to obtain execution of the covenants required under Sections 10.12. or 13.04.
        hereof;

               F.     If, contrary to the terms of Section VII hereof, Franchisee discloses or
        divulges the contents of the Manual or any other confidential information provided to
        Franchisee by Franchisor;

               G.     If an approved transfer is not effected as required by Section 14.05. hereof,
        following Franchisee’s death or mental incapacity;

                H.      If Franchisee knowingly maintains false books or records, or submits any
        false reports to Franchisor;

                I.      If Franchisee or any individual, group, association, limited or general
        partnership, corporation or other business entity which directly or indirectly controls, is
        controlled by, or is under common control with Franchisee; or which directly or indirectly
        owns, controls, or holds power to vote ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding voting
        securities of Franchisee; or which has in common with Franchisee one or more partners,
        officers, directors, trustees, branch managers, or other persons occupying similar status or
        performing similar functions (“Affiliate”) commits any act of default under any other
        Franchise Agreement, development agreement (except for failure to meet the development
        schedule thereunder), asset purchase agreement, promissory note or any other agreement

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        40
Exhibit D (03/2026)
