contributions are in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other payments, fees, or contributions provided for
under this Agreement and/or any franchise agreement (including any royalties or advertising contributions).

                                           ARTICLE IX: SEVERABILITY

If any of the provision of this Agreement may be construed in more than one way, one of which would
render the provision illegal or otherwise void, voidable or unenforceable, such provision shall have the
meaning which renders it valid and enforceable. This Agreement shall be construed according to its fair
meaning and not strictly against any party. If any court or other government authority determines that any
provision is not enforceable as written, the parties agree that the provision shall be amended so that it is
enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies of the jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought and affords the parties the same basic rights and obligations and has the same
economic effect. If any provision is held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such findings shall not
invalidate the remainder of the agreement unless, in the reasonable opinion of PLK, the effect of such
determination frustrates the purpose of this Agreement whereupon PLK shall have the right by written notice
to the other party to immediately terminate this Agreement.

                                       ARTICLE X: ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and
agreements, written or oral, relating to the Target Areas and development of Franchised Restaurants
thereon. The parties acknowledge that they are not relying upon any representation, warranty, condition,
agreement or understanding, written or oral, except as herein specified. Nothing in this or in any related
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim any representations PLK made in the Franchise Disclosure
Document it furnished to Developer. Neither this Agreement nor any term or provision of it may be changed,
waived, discharged, or modified orally. The only changes, waivers, discharges or modifications that will be
effective will be those which are in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement.

                                         ARTICLE XI: MISCELLANEOUS

11.1    Notice. Any notice shall be in writing and shall be delivered or sent by registered or certified mail
postage fully prepaid, or a nationally recognized courier service and if to PLK to: Popeyes Louisiana
Kitchen, Inc., 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126, Attn: General Counsel, if to Developer:
                                                     . All such notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier
of actual receipt or the third (3rd) day after being deposited in the US Mail.

11.2   Assignment. This Agreement may not be directly or indirectly assigned, transferred or encumbered
by Developer. PLK may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time in its sole discretion.

11.3    Non-Waiver. Failure of PLK to insist upon strict performance of any terms of this Agreement shall
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Acceptance by PLK of any money paid by
Developer under this Agreement or under any other agreement shall not constitute a waiver by PLK of any
breach or default of this Agreement or any other agreement.

11.4    Relationship of Parties. The parties to this Agreement are not partners, joint venturers, or agents
of each other and there is no fiduciary relationship between the parties. Developer has no right to bind or
obligate PLK in any way and Developer shall not represent that it has any such right. This Agreement is not
a franchise for the operation of a POPEYES® restaurant.

11.5    Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Florida. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the United States District
Court for the Southern District Court of Florida, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the 11th Judicial Court (or its

Popeyes Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
                                                          7
