 Type of Fee1        Amount                      Due Date              Remarks
 Food Safety         Up to $100 per              Upon Demand           You must comply with the Food
 Modernization       restaurant per year                               Safety Modernization Act starting
 Fee                                                                   January 2026. This, among other
                                                                       things, requires specific
                                                                       monitoring and traceability
                                                                       requirements for certain products.
                                                                       We intend to require all
                                                                       Distributors to implement an IT
                                                                       system solution to support these
                                                                       legal obligations. The license cost
                                                                       per Restaurant must be paid to us,
                                                                       the IT system solution provider or
                                                                       the Distributor.

 Sitewise            $4,545 annually             Upon Demand           You must use our required
                                                                       mapping, marketing planning, and
                                                                       data analytics software if you sign
                                                                       a Development Agreement, TRA,
                                                                       or MTRA, or if you are a new
                                                                       franchisee in your first year in the
                                                                       Popeyes system. Annual license
                                                                       renews in Q4.

 Static Menu         $200 - $300 per month       Monthly upon          If you do not have an outdoor
 Board Kit                                       demand                digital menu board installed, you
                                                                       must pay us for the costs of
                                                                       creating static menu board pieces
                                                                       for each merchandising window on
                                                                       a monthly basis, and we reimburse
                                                                       the advertising fund for these
                                                                       costs.


                                                NOTES

         1.      Unless otherwise noted, all fees are payable to us and are non-refundable fees. Any
limitation on our ability to increase a fee or other amount disclosed in this Disclosure Document only
applies to Franchise Agreements signed in connection with this Disclosure Document. All limitations
expire or otherwise terminate on the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. Generally, all
fees are uniformly imposed on our franchisees, however, in certain unique circumstances, we may reduce
or waive a fee for a particular franchisee for a limited period of time.

        2.       Your payment of royalty, advertising contributions and rent must be made through our
current electronic funds transfer program authorizing us to utilize a pre-authorized bank draft system.

         3.      If you qualify for the Veterans Development Incentive Program as described in Item 5, the
royalty to be paid by you under the Franchise Agreement will be reduced to 2% of Gross Sales for a period
of 6 months following the date the Franchised Restaurant first opens for business (“Reduced Royalty
Period”). The royalty will then be 5% of Gross Sales as provided in the Franchise Agreement. As described
Item 6
03/2026                                                                                            Page 27
