                 H.     For each Popeyes Restaurant operated by Franchisor, Franchisor shall pay
         to the Advertising Fund an Advertising Contribution in an amount equal to the standard
         amount required to be paid by franchisees for any franchised Popeyes Restaurants opened
         on the same date as the Popeyes Restaurant opened by Franchisor.

        3.03. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term “Gross Sales” shall mean all revenues
generated by Franchisee’s business conducted upon, from or with respect to the Franchised
Restaurant, whether such sales are evidenced by cash, check, credit, charge, account, barter or
exchange. Gross Sales shall include monies or credit received from the sale of food and
merchandise, from tangible property of every kind and nature, promotional or otherwise, and for
services performed from or at the Franchised Restaurant, including such off-premises services as
catering and delivery. Gross Sales shall not include the sale of food or merchandise for which
refunds have been made in good faith to customers, the sale of equipment used in the operation of
the Franchised Restaurant, nor shall it include sales, meals, use or excise tax imposed by a
governmental authority directly on sales and collected from customers; provided that the amount
for such tax is added to the selling price or absorbed therein, and is actually paid by Franchisee to
such governmental authority.

       3.04. Franchisee’s payment of Royalty and Advertising Contributions shall be in
accordance with the following terms and requirements:

                 A.      Franchisee shall participate in Franchisor’s then-current electronic funds
         transfer program authorizing Franchisor to utilize a pre-authorized bank draft system. All
         Royalty and Advertising Contributions applicable to the Gross Sales and other amounts
         owed under this Agreement, including interest charges must be received by Franchisor or
         credited to Franchisor’s account by pre-authorized bank debit before 5:00 p.m. on the 5th
         day after the end of each fiscal week, or at a later point specified by Franchisor from time
         to time (“Due Date”). On each Due Date, Franchisor will transfer from the Franchised
         Restaurant’s commercial bank operating account (“Account”) the amount reported to
         Franchisor in Franchisee’s remittance report or determined by Franchisor by the records
         contained in the POS System and the BOH System (as defined below) of the Franchised
         Restaurant.

                B.       Franchisee shall: (i) comply with payment procedures specified by
         Franchisor in the Manual or otherwise in writing; (ii) a minimum of five (5) business days
         prior to the opening date, deliver to Franchisor an authorization in such form as Franchisor
         may designate to initiate debit entries and/or credit correction entries to the Account for
         payments of the Royalty, Advertising Contributions and other amounts payable under this
         Agreement, including any interest charges; (iii) promptly upon request, perform those acts
         and sign and deliver those documents as may be necessary to accomplish payment by
         electronic funds transfer as described in this Section 3.04; and (iv) make sufficient funds
         available in the Account for withdrawal by electronic funds transfer no later than the Due
         Date for payment thereof.

                 C.       Failure by Franchisee to have sufficient funds in the Account shall
         constitute a default of this Agreement pursuant to Section 15.03. Additionally, Franchisor
Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       8
Exhibit D (03/2026)
