Popeyes Restaurants located in food courts, any “In-Line” Restaurants or any Popeyes Restaurants located
in co-branded buildings.

        In no event will an individual Popeyes Restaurant qualify for development incentives under more
than one development incentive program provided by us.

          The Veterans Development Incentive Program

         The following sites will not be eligible for the Veterans Development Incentive Program: (1) any
sites previously operated as Popeyes Restaurants; and (2) any sites for which site approval previously
expired unless such site will be developed and operated by a third-party franchisee who is unrelated to the
prospective developer who previously obtained site approval.

         Under our Veterans Development Incentive Program, qualified veteran franchisees may be eligible
to receive certain development incentives. If: (A) you are a New Franchisee; (B) you (or a holder of at least
51% of your ownership interests) provide us with a DD Form 214 or other adequate documentation, as
determined by us, demonstrating honorable discharge from the United States military; (C) you sign a
Franchise Agreement and a Development Incentive Program Addendum to the Franchise Agreement
(Exhibit G1); and (D) you open your first new Franchised Restaurant within 18 months following the date
your site was approved by us, then for your first new Franchised Restaurant, we will do the following:

                (i)      Reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for the Franchised Restaurant from $50,000 to
                         $27,500, and

                (ii)     Reduce the Royalty to 2% of Gross Sales for a period of 6 months following the
                         opening date of the Franchised Restaurant.

         If you participate in the Veterans Development Incentive Program and your qualifying veteran
owner transfers his/her interests in the qualifying franchise prior to the first anniversary of the opening date
of the Franchised Restaurant, you must pay us the portion of the Initial Franchise Fee that was waived under
this Program as a condition to the transfer. Any reduced Royalty rates will terminate at the time of transfer.

College Incentive Program

        The College Incentive Program is open to franchisees in the United States and Canada in good
standing for new Popeyes Restaurants located on a college or university campus in the United States or for
new Popeyes Restaurants. This is not available to locations not directly on campus. To qualify for the
College Incentive Program, you must sign a Franchise Agreement and a College Addendum to the
Franchise Agreement (Exhibit G2). The term of the Franchise Agreement must be for a minimum of 10
years. Franchised Restaurants participating in the College Incentive Program will receive the following
incentives:

                 (i)     $12,500 Initial Franchise Fee;

                 (ii)    0% Advertising Contribution for the remainder term of the Franchise Agreement;
                         and

                 (iii)   3% Royalty rate for the remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement for all
                         2026 openings;




Item 5
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 18
