                                                 ITEM 12
                                               TERRITORY

Target Reservation Agreement and Multiple Target Reservation Agreement

        You may only develop your Popeyes Restaurant at a site we have approved. If you are signing a
TRA that site will be included at the time you sign the TRA. The MTRA defines one or more Target Areas
in which we authorize you to search for one or more Popeyes Restaurant sites. You may only develop
Franchised Restaurants in these Areas and you will not be granted any exclusivity in these Areas. There
are no restrictions on us in these Target Areas.

         You do not have any right to prevent or restrict the development of other restaurants at any locations
in these Target Areas, at any time. We and our affiliates also have the right to sell products including
POPEYES branded products, in other channels of distribution like grocery stores, convenience stores, the
internet or other direct marketing sales under the POPEYES Marks or any others anywhere in these Target
Areas. We may establish and license other Popeyes Restaurants to operate at locations in these Target
Areas, including in the vicinity of your Franchised Restaurant. Other Popeyes Restaurants may compete
with your Franchised Restaurant or may affect customer trading patterns. You will not receive an exclusive
territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.

       You have no right to relocate your Franchised Restaurant other than with our prior written approval.
The conditions under which we will grant this approval vary according to the circumstances.

Development Agreement

        We occasionally grant Development Agreements. These agreements are typically granted only to
sophisticated, highly experienced Franchisees. Development Agreements usually contain strict
development schedules for multiple sites. The terms are subject to negotiation. When we issue a
Development Agreement, we and the developer may negotiate other operational and financial terms to help
achieve efficient and effective penetration and support of the market. If you sign the Development
Agreement included as Exhibit C3, we will grant you a geographic area (“Territory”) and you must develop
Franchised Restaurants within the Territory.

        In limited circumstances, and subject to your compliance with your Development Agreement and
any other agreements you or your affiliates may have with us, we may grant you the right during the term
of your Development Agreement to develop Popeyes Restaurants in specific geographic areas within the
Territory that you and we agree to. We refer to these areas as “Target Locations.” Other than this grant
there are no other prohibitions on us in your Territory or the Target Locations. For example, the right to
develop, open and operate Popeye’s Restaurants at Alternative Venues (as discussed below) are specifically
excluded from this grant. Additionally, the “Protected Area” granted by us to any Franchisee under a
Franchise Agreement entered into before, on or after the Commencement Date of your Development
Agreement is also excluded from and not considered a part of the Territory. We can, and we can grant
others the right to, develop and operate Popeyes Restaurants within and outside the Territory so long as
they are not in a Target Location. Rights or approvals we have granted to franchisees or others will not be
affected by this limited grant, including rights or approvals granted under Development Agreements that
existed before the execution of your Development Agreement. This grant will not limit our ability to renew
or extend existing Franchise Agreements or Development Agreements within or outside the Territory, or to
enter into new agreements for Popeyes Restaurants within or outside the Territory, including new
development agreements, whether previously approved and under development or otherwise. You will not
receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement. You may face competition from other

Item 12
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 58
