                                              AMENDMENT TO
                                      TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
                                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS


          Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Target Reservation Agreement, the
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all POPEYES franchises offered and sold in the State of
Illinois:

        This Amendment is only applicable if Developer is a resident of Illinois or if the Restaurant will be
located in Illinois.

        1.        Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that "Any provision in a franchise
agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of this State is void with respect to any
cause of action which otherwise is enforceable in this State, provided that a franchise agreement may
provide for arbitration in a forum outside of this State."

         2.        Illinois law governs the Target Reservation Agreement.

          3.       Developer’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, Ill. Comp. Stat. §§ 705/1 to 705/44.

         4.        Any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring a franchisee
to waive requirements with any provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of the
State of Illinois is void. This shall not prevent any person from entering into a settlement agreement or
executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed under the provisions of the Illinois
Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title
IX of the United States Code.

        5.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

        6.      By entering into this Amendment, Developer expressly consents to transact business with
PLK electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and all other applicable
state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by electronic signatures. The parties to this
Amendment agree that the parties' electronic signatures are intended to authenticate this writing and to
have the same force and effect as the use of manual signatures and an electronically signed version of this
Amendment shall constitute an original for all purposes.



                                     [THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]




State of Illinois Amendment to TRA
Exhibit K (03/2026)
                                                  (Page 1 of 2)
