§2.4 END OF TERM.

         (a)          Fixtures and Personalty. At the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, any fixtures,
                      as defined in Section 16.14(e) of this Lease, located on the Premises and not already
                      owned by Lessor shall become the property of the Lessor. If, at that time, Lessee has fully
                      complied with Lease terms and conditions, Lessor hereby waives any right to claim any
                      personalty owned or leased by Lessee and located on the Premises. The personalty may
                      then be removed by Lessee or the lessor of such personalty provided that the Premises
                      are restored to their original condition. Any such personalty not removed within fifteen (15)
                      days after the Lease expiration or termination shall be deemed abandoned and become
                      the property of Lessor.

         (b)          Joint Inspection. During a period no earlier than three (3) weeks and no later than one (1)
                      week prior to the end of the Term, Lessor and Lessee shall conduct a joint inspection of
                      the Premises and Lessor shall make a list of any items of repair and maintenance which
                      may be needed to put the Premises in good condition and repair. If the items on such list
                      cannot be completed by Lessee by the end of the Term, then Lessee shall pay to Lessor
                      by the end of the Term the reasonable cost of such repairs as estimated by Lessor.
                      Lessee’s obligation to make such payment shall survive the termination of this Lease. Any
                      failure by the parties to conduct the joint inspection shall not constitute a waiver of Lessee’s
                      obligations under this Section 2.4, and Section 5.2 of this Lease.

                                                         III.
                                                   CONSIDERATION

§3.1 RENT. Lessee agrees to pay and Lessor agrees to accept the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental
as indicated on the Key Contract Data Page, for each year of the Term of this Lease (such being hereinafter
referred to as “Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental”), to be due and payable in monthly installments in
advance on the first day of each month during the Term of this Lease. The first monthly installment of the
Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental shall be due on the Commencement Date. If this Lease shall
commence on any day other than the first day of a calendar month, the monthly installment for the first and
last month of the Lease Term shall be prorated.

*The term “Lease Year” shall mean and refer to the first consecutive twelve (12) month period beginning
on the Commencement Date of the Lease and each succeeding twelve (12) month period thereafter,
whether fiscal or annual.

§3.2 PERCENTAGE RENTAL.

         (a)          Percentage Rental. In addition to the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental, and as part of
                      the total rent to be paid by Lessee to Lessor during the Lease Term, Lessee covenants
                      and agrees to pay to Lessor as percentage rental (“Percentage Rental”), a sum equal to a
                      percentage (as set forth as the Percentage Rental Data Schedule on the Key Contract
                      Data Page) of the “Gross Sales” (defined in Section 3.2(b) below) for each month of each
                      Lease Year in excess of the monthly installment of the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental
                      to be paid for such month. The Percentage Rental shall be payable in monthly installments
                      and computed in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 3.2 (a) (i) below.

                      (i)     Monthly Accounting and Payment. Beginning with the tenth (10th) day of the
                              month following the calendar month in which the Term commences and continuing
                              monthly thereafter, Lessee shall deliver to Lessor a statement in writing on a form
                              furnished by the Lessor, setting forth all of the Gross Sales for the preceding
                              calendar month, and simultaneously upon submission of such statement, Lessee
                              shall pay to the Lessor the Percentage Rental due, being an amount equal to the

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                            2
