       Franchisor in its sole discretion), and continuing thereafter for the remainder of the
       Term.

                        Determination Date                             Advertising
                                                                       Contribution
                                                                         Amount
             Determination Date for Measurement Period 1            5% of weekly Gross
                                                                           Sales
             Determination Date for Measurement Period 2              5.25% of weekly
                                                                         Gross Sales
             Determination Date for Measurement Period 3           5.5% of weekly Gross
                                                                           Sales


5.      Maintenance Surveys. The maintenance survey described in Section 4 of this Amendment
(where adding Section 3.02(d) to the Franchise Agreement) (each, a “Maintenance Survey”) shall
be called by Franchisor at such time as determined by Franchisor in its sole discretion but subject
to the nine-month timeline set forth in Section 4 (where adding Section 3.02(d) to the Franchise
Agreement), and conducted by Franchisor in a manner to be determined by Franchisor in its sole
discretion but in accordance with the following:
       (a)      All Combined Restaurants shall be eligible to vote.
       (b)     Participating Owners shall receive one vote for each of their Participating
Restaurants, and Franchisor shall receive one vote for each of its Company Restaurants.
         (c)     Each Participating Owner shall be free to cast their votes in favor or against the
proposal set forth in the Maintenance Survey provided such votes shall be cast in a uniform manner
(i.e., Participating Owners shall cast all of their votes in favor, or all of their votes against, the
applicable Maintenance Rate proposal).
       (d)    If a Participating Owner fails to cast any of its votes prior to the close of the
Maintenance Survey, any such uncast votes shall automatically be counted as votes in favor of the
applicable Maintenance Rate proposal.
        (e)    Franchisee covenants and agrees to pay the Advertising Contribution in the amount
of the Maintenance Rate during the remainder of the Term if the applicable Maintenance Rate
proposal is approved as provided in Section 4 of this Amendment (where adding Section 3.02(d)
to the Franchise Agreement), notwithstanding that Franchisee may have cast all of its votes against
such proposal.
6.     Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA.
       (a)      Franchisor shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether each EBITDA Condition
has been satisfied. Franchisor shall make each such determination by no later than the applicable
Determination Date, in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. Franchisor will collect
the P&Ls from U.S. Popeyes Restaurants (to the extent such P&Ls are submitted by Owners) for
each Measurement Period and the Base Year (including Company Restaurants). Franchisor will


                                                  4
