                      Charges due from Lessee through the Original Term Expiration Date. Should Lessor,
                      pursuant to this Section 8.3, not collect rent which, after deductions is sufficient to fully pay
                      to Lessor a sum equal to all Rent, Additional Rent and other Additional Charges payable
                      through the Original Term Expiration Date, the balance or deficiency shall, at the election
                      of Lessor, be paid by Lessee on the first of each month; or

         (c)          stand by and do nothing, and hold the Lessee liable for all Rent, Additional Rent and other
                      Additional Charges payable under this Lease through the Original Term Expiration Date.

    If Lessor does not notify Lessee which remedy it is pursuing, or if Lessor’s notice to Lessee does not
expressly state that Lessor is exercising its remedies under Section 8.3(a) or Section 8.3(c), then it shall
be deemed that Lessor is pursuing the remedy set forth in Section 8.3(b). If Lessor exercises option (a) or
(b) above, Lessee agrees to immediately peacefully surrender the Premises to Lessor, and if Lessee
refuses to do so, Lessor may without further notice reenter the Premises either by force or otherwise and
dispossess Lessee by summary proceedings or otherwise, as well as the legal representative(s) of Lessee
and/or other occupant(s) of the Premises, and remove their effects.

§8.4 ACCELERATION. If Lessor exercises the remedies in Section 8.3(b) or (c) of this Lease, Lessee
shall immediately pay to Lessor as damages for loss of the bargain caused by Lessee’s default, and not as
a penalty, in addition to any other damages, an aggregate sum which represents the present value of the
full amount of the Rent, Additional Rent and all other Additional Charges payable by Lessee hereunder that
would have accrued for the balance of the Term. If Lessor exercises the remedy in Section 8.3(b) of this
Lease, Lessor shall account to Lessee at the Original Term Expiration Date for amounts actually collected
by Lessor as a result of a reletting, net of amounts to be paid to Lessor under Section 8.3(b) of this Lease.

§8.5 SUITS. Suit or suits for the recovery of the deficiency or damage or for any installment or installments
of Rent, Additional Rent or any other charge due under this Lease may be brought by Lessor at any time
or, at Lessor’s election, from time to time, and nothing in this Lease shall be deemed to require Lessor to
wait until the Original Term Expiration Date to bring suit.

§8.6 WAIVER. Lessee hereby expressly waives service of any notice of intention to reenter. Lessee
hereby waives any and all rights to recover or to regain possession of the Premises or to reinstate or to
redeem this Lease as permitted or provided by any statute, law or decision now or hereafter in force and
effect. No receipt of moneys by Lessor from Lessee after the cancellation or termination of the Lease shall
reinstate, continue or extend the Lease, or affect any prior notice given to Lessee or operate as a waiver of
the right of Lessor to enforce the payment of Rent and Additional Rent then due or subsequently falling
due, or operate as a waiver of the right of Lessor to recover possession of the Premises by suit, action,
proceeding or other remedy, and any and all moneys so collected shall be deemed to be payments on
account of the use and occupancy of the Premises, or at the election of the Lessor, on account of Lessee’s
liability under this Lease.

§8.7 PROOF OF CLAIM. Nothing in this Article shall limit or prejudice the right of Lessor to prove and
obtain as liquidated damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or dissolution
proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute or rule of law governing such
proceeding, whether or not such amount is greater, equal to or less than the amount of the damages
referred to in any of the preceding sections.

§8.8 INJUNCTION. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Lessee of any of its Lease
obligations, Lessor shall have the right to enjoin and restrain the breach and to invoke any remedy allowed
by law or in equity, in addition to other remedies provided in this Lease.

§8.9 INDEPENDENT RIGHTS. The rights and remedies of Lessor are distinct, separate and cumulative,
and no one of them, whether or not exercised by Lessor, shall be deemed to be to the exclusion of any of
the others.

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                            15
