(http://www.thescoop.popeyes.com), (c) Franchisor’s online training solution and learning
management system, and (d) such other resources provided by Franchisor in its discretion from
time to time. Franchisee shall divulge such confidential information only to: (i) such employees
of Franchisee as must have access to it in order to exercise the franchise rights granted hereunder
and to establish and operate the Franchised Restaurant pursuant hereto; (ii) Franchisee’s attorneys
and certified public accountants on an as needed basis for legitimate business purposes of the
Franchisee; and (iii) as Franchisee may be required by law, provided Franchisee shall give
Franchisor prior written notice of any such required disclosure immediately upon receipt of notice
by Franchisee in order for Franchisor to have the opportunity to seek a protective order or take
such other actions as it deems appropriate under the circumstances.

        12.02. Any and all information, knowledge, and know-how, including drawings,
materials, equipment, recipes, prepared mixtures or blends of spices or other food products, and
other data, which Franchisor designates as confidential, either specifically in writings of any kind,
course of conduct, or which otherwise derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being
generally known, and not ascertainable by proper means and in the subject of reasonable efforts,
under the circumstances, to maintain secrecy, and any information, knowledge, or know-how
which may be derived by analysis thereof, shall be deemed confidential for purposes of this
Agreement, except information which Franchisee can demonstrate came to Franchisee’s attention
prior to disclosure thereof by Franchisor; or which, at the time of disclosure thereof by Franchisor
to Franchisee, had become a part of the public domain, through publication or communication by
others; or which, after disclosure to Franchisee by Franchisor, becomes a part of the public domain,
through publication or communication by others.

        12.03. Franchisee shall not use confidential information for the purpose of machine
learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”)
model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without the express written
consent of Franchisor. Such uses shall not be deemed related to the exercise of the franchise rights
or the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and are expressly prohibited. Franchisee shall not,
without prior written consent by Franchisor, input any confidential information into any generative
AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI
services. Franchisee shall opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize
confidential information for training of any AI model or for other purposes.

XIII. COVENANTS

        13.01. Franchisee covenants that, during the term of the Agreement, except as otherwise
approved in writing by Franchisor, the Managing Director shall devote the Managing Director’s full
time, energy and best efforts to the management and operation of the Franchised Restaurant and any
other Popeyes Restaurant owned by Franchisee for which he or she is the Managing Director.

       13.02. Franchisee acknowledges that, pursuant to this Agreement, Franchisee will receive
valuable specialized training and confidential information, including information regarding the
operational, sales, promotional, and marketing methods, procedures and techniques of Franchisor
and the System. Franchisee covenants that, during the term of this Agreement, Franchisee (who,
unless otherwise specified, shall include, for purposes of this Section XIII, collectively and

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       33
Exhibit D (03/2026)
