opening. Upon receipt of such notice, PLK may provide a representative to be present at the opening of
the Franchised Restaurant. The Franchised Restaurant shall not open until Developer has received PLK’s
prior written approval to open. Should commencement of operation of the Franchised Unit be delayed by
the failure of PLK to provide such a representative, the date upon which commencement of operation of
the Franchised Restaurant is required pursuant to this Agreement shall be extended until such time as
such assistance is provided by PLK. Should Developer reschedule the Opening Date of the Franchised
Restaurant less than thirty (30) days prior to the date scheduled with PLK, Developer shall reimburse PLK
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by PLK in connection with the reschedule, unless such delay was
caused solely by PLK or as otherwise agreed to by PLK in writing.

                                           ARTICLE V: DEFAULT

5.1    Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" under this
Agreement, which, unless otherwise specified, shall entitle PLK to immediately terminate this Agreement
upon written notice to Developer:

         5.1.1 Developer fails to provide proof of property control of the Site in accordance with Section
         4.4.1 of this Agreement;

         5.1.2 Developer fails to develop and open for business the Franchised Restaurant by the
         Opening Deadline (a “Development Default”);

         5.1.3 Developer breaches or otherwise fails to timely comply with any provision of this
         Agreement;

         5.1.4 Developer fails to cure any default within the time specified by PLK in any notice to
         Developer, under any franchise agreement, lease, or any other agreement with PLK; or

         5.1.5 The knowing and intentional submission by Developer of any applications which contain
         false or misleading statements or omission of any material fact.

5.2      Cure. In the event of a Development Default, Developer may cure such Development Default as
follows: (i) open the Franchised Restaurant within thirty (30) days from the Opening Deadline (the “Cure
Period”); or (ii) pay to PLK at the time of the Development Default an amount equal to the then-current
franchise fee for the Franchised Restaurant, which will be applied to payment of franchise fees for the
Franchised Restaurant and is deemed fully earned and non-refundable. In the event Developer elects to
cure the Development Default as described in this Section 6.2(ii), PLK shall extend the Opening Deadline
for the Franchised Restaurant to a date which shall be ninety (90) days from the original Opening Deadline
(the “Extended Opening Deadline”). PLK shall also extend the Site Approval and Construction Approval for
the Franchised Restaurant to be developed at the Site until the Extended Opening Deadline. Further,
failure to open the Franchised Restaurant by the Extended Opening Deadline shall result in the immediate
termination of this Agreement by PLK without further notice, in which event Developer shall forfeit all
amounts paid under this Agreement.

5.3     Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement by PLK or if at the time of expiration of this
Agreement Developer has not developed and opened the Franchised Restaurant, any rights granted to
Developer pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate and Developer shall forfeit all amounts paid under
this Agreement.

Popeyes Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C1 (03/2026)
                                                    4
