                         8.     If Franchisee leases the location of the Franchised Restaurant,
                 Franchisor has been furnished with a copy of a fully executed lease for the location
                 of the Franchised Restaurant.

                         9.     Franchisee has furnished to Franchisor copies of all insurance
                 policies required by this Agreement or such other evidence of insurance coverage
                 and payment of premiums as Franchisor reasonably may request.

II.     TERM

        2.01. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Franchise
Agreement (the “Term”) shall be for the period of time set forth on the Key Contract Data page,
which shall commence on the date set forth on the Key Contract Data page (as determined by
Franchisor). Franchisee agrees and shall be obligated to operate the Franchised Restaurant and
perform hereunder for the full Term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything set forth below,
if Franchisee continues to operate the Franchised Restaurant after the end of the Term without
express written authorization from Franchisor to do so and does not renew this franchise in
accordance with this Section, Franchisee shall be deemed to be operating such Franchised
Restaurant on a month-to-month basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
Franchisor may terminate this Agreement at any time after the end of the Term upon thirty (30)
days prior written notice.

        2.02. Franchisee may, at its option, renew this franchise for one (1) additional period of
ten (10) years (the “Renewal Term”), provided that, at the time of renewal:

                A.     Franchisee gives Franchisor written notice of such election to renew not less
        than six (6) months nor more than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the initial Term;

                B.     Franchisee executes Franchisor’s then-current standard form of franchise
        agreement, which may differ from this Agreement as to ownership requirements and
        include a higher royalty fee and a higher advertising contribution, if any, than that
        contained in this Agreement; and the term of which shall be the renewal term as specified
        in Section 2.02. hereof, but shall contain no further renewal rights except as provided in
        Section 2.03. hereof;

               C.       Franchisee executes a general release in a form prescribed by Franchisor of
        any and all claims against Franchisor and its parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates,
        and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees;

                D.     Franchisee is in “good standing” and not otherwise in default of any
        provision of this Agreement, or any amendment hereof or successor hereto, or any other
        agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor, or any subsidiary or affiliate of Franchisor,
        and Franchisee has fully and faithfully performed all of Franchisee’s obligations
        throughout the term of this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, Franchisee
        shall be considered in “good standing” if Franchisee is in compliance with the terms and
        conditions of this Agreement and the following conditions:

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        4
Exhibit D (03/2026)
