relief, together with all costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by PLK in bringing such action.

                                    ARTICLE VIII: ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER

8.1       This Agreement and the Development Rights may not be, directly or indirectly, sold, conveyed, assigned,
transferred, leased, licensed or sub-licensed, charged, mortgaged, pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or
otherwise disposed of (“Transferred”, and each such action, a "Transfer") by Developer in whole or in part, whether
directly or indirectly by operation of law nor shall Developer have any right to sub-license any of the rights granted
under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of PLK, which consent may be withheld by PLK at its sole
discretion.

8.2      This Agreement and all the rights and obligations hereunder of PLK may be Transferred by PLK, and shall
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of PLK. Developer and the Principals hereby irrevocably consent
to any such Transfer at any time and waive any requirement of prior notice.

                         ARTICLE IX: ADVERTISING COOPERATIVE / POPEYES FOUNDATION

9.1      Advertising Cooperative. Developer acknowledges and agrees that following the Commencement Date,
PLK intends to establish (or, alternatively, if currently in existence, PLK intends to continue to maintain) an
advertising cooperative in each Designated Market Area ("DMA"), as defined by PLK from time to time in its sole
discretion, in which a Developer Restaurant is located or to be located, at which time Developer shall be obligated
to make a cooperative contribution in an amount that is not less than the amount designated by such cooperative,
based upon a percentage of such Developer Restaurant’s Gross Sales (as defined in the applicable Franchise
Agreement) for the preceding week, payable weekly (or on such other basis as may be set forth in the Manual (as
defined in the Developer Franchise Agreement) or otherwise agreed to in writing by PLK). Developer further
covenants to PLK that Developer shall, for the entire term of each Developer Franchise Agreement, whether for a
Developer Restaurant developed and opened pursuant to this Agreement or another Developer Restaurant
(including any renewals, if any), cast its votes in each advertising cooperative in each DMA relating to each Developer
Restaurant in favor of an above-the-fund local advertising cooperative contribution rate that is equal to or greater
than one percent (1%) of such Developer Restaurant’s Gross Sales. Developer acknowledges and agrees that such
cooperative contributions are in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other payments, fees, or contributions provided
for under this Agreement and/or any Developer Franchise Agreement (including the Royalties and the Advertising
Contributions).

9.2     Popeyes Foundation. The Developer Restaurants shall participate in the fundraising and charitable efforts
of the Popeyes Foundation (the “Foundation”). Developer agrees to contribute to the Foundation at least
____________ DOLLARS ($______) for each Developer Restaurant during each year of the term of the relevant
Developer Franchise Agreement at the time specified by the Foundation.

                                    ARTICLE X: INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE

10.1      Indemnification. Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to third
parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and representations of Developer
under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness or death of Persons
directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer agrees to defend, indemnify and save PLK and PLK's officers,
directors, agents, employees, attorneys, accountants, and Affiliates harmless of, from and with respect to any such
claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorney's fees). PLK shall notify Developer of any such claims, and Developer shall be given the
opportunity to assume the defense of the matter. If Developer fails to assume the defense, PLK may defend the
action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Developer shall pay to PLK all costs, including attorney fees, incurred
by PLK in effecting such defense. PLK's right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid
notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on PLK by statute, ordinance, regulation or other
law.

Popeyes Development Agreement
Exhibit C3 (03/2026)
                                                        13
