                                            ARTICLE III: TERM

Unless terminated earlier or extended, as provided herein, this Agreement shall commence as of the
Effective Date and expire on the date of the Opening Deadline. Except as provided herein, Developer has
no right to any extension or renewal of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV: DEVELOPMENT PROCEDURE

4.1      Nature of Agreement. Developer understands and agrees that this Agreement is not a franchise
agreement and does not grant Developer a franchise for the operation of a POPEYES® restaurant or any
right to use the PLK trademarks, service marks or other PLK intellectual property, but is merely intended
by the parties to set forth the terms and conditions which, if fully satisfied, would entitle the Developer
to obtain an individual Franchise Agreement for the Site to be developed under this Agreement.

4.2      Franchise Approval. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Developer understands and agrees that, as a condition precedent to the development of the Franchised
Restaurant, the Developer must apply for, meet and maintain PLK’s then-current operational, financial,
credit, legal and other criteria for developing and operating a new POPEYES® restaurant as set forth in the
then-current PLK Franchise Approval and Expansion Policy (“Franchise Approval”). Developer understands
and accepts that PLK may change its criteria for Franchise Approval as it applies to all Franchisees in the
U.S. during the term of this Agreement. Failure to meet the requirements for operational, financial, credit
and/or legal approval shall constitute grounds for, among other things, PLK refusing to grant Franchise
Approval or withdrawing an approval already granted. Any failure by Developer to qualify for Franchise
Approval for any period of time shall not extend, modify or reduce the development obligations of
Developer under this Agreement and if such failure results in Developer defaulting on its development
obligations under this Agreement, PLK may, in its sole discretion, exercise its right to terminate this
Agreement under Section 5.1.2 and the provisions of Section 5.2(ii) shall not apply.

4.3      Site Approval. Upon execution of this Agreement, Developer shall be deemed to have obtained
site approval (“Site Approval”) from PLK for the Franchised Restaurant to be developed at the Site.
Developer understands and acknowledges that in addition to Site Approval, Developer shall obtain all
permits required to construct, open and operate the Franchised Restaurant at the Site. Site Approval
automatically expires (without any requirement of PLK to provide Developer any written notification of
its expiration) on the date of the Opening Deadline (subject to any applicable cure period granted herein).

4.4      Site Acquisition, Construction Approval and Construction.

         4.4.1 Within ninety (90) days following the Effective Date, Developer shall submit, in writing to
PLK, satisfactory proof that Developer:

                  4.4.1.1 owns the Site;

                  4.4.1.2 has leased the Site for a term which, with renewal options, is not less than the
initial term of the Franchise Agreement for the Franchised Restaurant; or

               4.4.1.3 has entered into a written agreement to purchase or to lease the Site on terms
provided herein, subject only to obtaining necessary governmental approvals.

Popeyes Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C1 (03/2026)
                                                    2
