action of Franchisee in violation of, or in obtaining injunctive relief for the enforcement of, any
portion of this Section XVI. Further, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any failure to
comply with the provisions of this Section XVI, shall result in irreparable injury to Franchisor.

       16.05. All provisions of this Agreement which, by their terms or intent, are designed to
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall so survive the expiration and/or
termination of this Agreement.

      16.06. Franchisee shall comply with the covenants contained in Section XIII of this
Agreement.

        16.07. Franchisee shall execute such documents as Franchisor may reasonably require to
effectuate termination of the franchise and Franchisee’s rights to use the trademarks and systems
of Franchisor.

XVII. TAXES, PERMITS, AND INDEBTEDNESS

       17.01. Franchisee shall promptly pay when due all taxes, accounts and other indebtedness
of every kind incurred by Franchisee in the conduct of Franchisee’s business and operation of the
Franchised Restaurant under this Agreement.

       17.02. Franchisee, in the conduct of Franchisee’s business and operation of the Franchised
Restaurant, shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and shall timely obtain any and
all permits, certificates, or licenses necessary for the full and proper conduct of the businesses
operated under this Agreement, including licenses to do business, trade name registrations, sales
tax permits and fire clearances.

         17.03. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein, the amount of all fees
payable pursuant to this Agreement by the Franchisee does not include Indirect Tax and, in the
event Indirect Tax applies on the fees payable pursuant to this Agreement, Franchisee will be
responsible for such Indirect Tax either (i) through payment of the Indirect Tax to Franchisor or
(ii) if Franchisee is required by law to deduct and pay the applicable Indirect Tax to the relevant
Tax Authority, Franchisee will gross up the fees by the applicable Indirect Tax and remit payment
of the applicable Indirect Tax amount to the relevant Tax Authority, without any deduction from
fees payable under this Agreement. If there is an exemption in the territory of the Franchised
Restaurant for the application of Indirect Taxes to any payments made by Franchisee to Franchisor
or its designee, Franchisee will cooperate in good faith with Franchisor and take all reasonable
steps necessary to ensure that Franchisor or its designee will be eligible for such exemption,
including by applying for the exemption with the applicable Tax Authority. “Indirect Tax" or
“Indirect Taxes” means sales and use tax, goods and services tax, value added tax, ad valorem
tax, excise tax, duty, levy or other governmental charges, and other obligations of the same or of
a similar nature to any of the foregoing (together with any penalties, interest, or other similar
amounts thereon) levied by a Tax Authority. “Tax" or "Taxes" means all taxes, however
denominated, including any interest, penalties, or other additions that may become payable in
respect thereof, imposed by any Taxing Authority. "Tax Authority" means any governmental
authority having or purporting to have power to impose, administer or collect any Tax.

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                      45
Exhibit D (03/2026)
