                                 ARTICLE VI: INDEMNIFICATION/INSURANCE

6.1      Indemnification. Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to
third parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and
representations of Developer under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to
property or for injury, illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer
agrees to defend, indemnify and save PLK and PLK's officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys,
accountants, subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company harmless of, from and with respect to any such
claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorney's fees). PLK shall notify Developer of any such claims, and Developer shall
be given the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter. If Developer fails to assume the defense,
PLK may defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Developer shall pay to PLK all costs,
including attorney fees, incurred by PLK in effecting such defense. PLK's right to indemnity under this
Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on
PLK by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law.

6.2     Insurance. Developer shall procure the insurance coverage provided for in PLK’s standard form
of Franchise Agreement as disclosed in PLK’s then-current Franchise Disclosure Document, prior to the
commencement of construction of a Franchised Restaurant, and shall maintain such insurance coverage
throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.

                                          ARTICLE VII: SEVERABILITY

If any of the provisions of this Agreement may be construed in more than one way, one of which would
render the provision illegal or otherwise void, voidable or unenforceable, such provision shall have the
meaning which renders it valid and enforceable. This Agreement shall be construed according to its fair
meaning and not strictly against any party. If any court or other government authority determines that
any provision is not enforceable as written, the parties agree that the provision shall be amended so that
it is enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies of the jurisdiction in
which enforcement is sought and affords the parties the same basic rights and obligations and has the
same economic effect. If any provision is held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such findings shall not
invalidate the remainder of the agreement unless, in the reasonable opinion of PLK, the effect of such
determination frustrates the purpose of this Agreement whereupon PLK shall have the right by written
notice to the other party to immediately terminate this Agreement.

                                       ARTICLE VIII: ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and
agreements, written or oral, relating to the Site and development of a Franchised Restaurant thereon.
The parties acknowledge that they are not relying upon any representation, warranty, condition,
agreement or understanding, written or oral, except as herein specified. Nothing in this Section, however,
is intended to disclaim any representations PLK made in the Franchise Disclosure Document that it
furnished to Developer. Neither this Agreement nor any term or provision of it may be changed, waived,
discharged, or modified orally. The only changes, waivers, discharges or modifications that will be
effective will be those which are in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement.


Popeyes Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C1 (03/2026)
                                                     5
