                                ITEM 11
  FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING

Except as listed below, Popeyes is not required to provide you with any assistance.

Pre-Opening Obligations

          Before you open your Restaurant, we will provide the following assistance to you.

        1.      We will evaluate each site you propose for a Popeyes Restaurant. We will also evaluate
your proposed site plan, floor plan and elevations. Subject to the requirements for an Impact Study, we
will send you written notice of acceptance or non-acceptance of the proposed site plans and
elevations. Under a Development Agreement, we designate the Territory in which you may develop
Restaurants and provide a Development Schedule for the number and/or types of Restaurants you must
develop in the Territory and the time within which they must be developed. [Development Agreement
Article I and III]. Under the MTRA, we designate certain Target Areas in which you may develop
Restaurants. [MTRA, Article I].

         2.      We will provide you with the brand’s standard construction plans and specifications in
PDF and AutoCAD formats, which your architect and consultants must use as the basis for designing your
restaurant. Using these standards, you must hire and work with a qualified architect in the local jurisdiction
(at your own expense) to prepare the site-specific design package for your location, including the site plan,
kitchen equipment layout, exterior elevations, and décor package, and submit these drawings to us for
review and approval. If comments are issued, your architect must revise and resubmit the plans until they
are approved. Once we approve the drawings, your architect can proceed with preparing the full
construction document set for permitting and construction. Any modifications or deviations from the
standard plans—including those required by local laws or codes—must receive our written approval prior
to permitting/construction and must include the applicable code citation if required by regulation. You ar
[Development Agreement, Section 4.3.4, Franchise Agreement, Section 9.03, MTRA, Section 4.5.5, and
TRA, Section 4.4] You must also obtain your own equipment, signage, fixtures, inventory and supplies
subject to our approval of the items and the vendors from whom you purchase these items. See Item 8 for
more information.

         3.     We will evaluate your final construction documents for conformance to our standard plans,
brand image, approved equipment plan and completeness. Your construction documents must be submitted
to us in PDF format promptly upon submitting for your building permit. If a discrepancy is identified in the
drawings, you may be requested to submit construction documents in AutoCAD format for verification. If
appropriate, we will approve your plans. We assume no liability for the adequacy of your construction
documents. The adequacy of your construction documents is the responsibility of your architect and
engineers. [Development Agreement, Section 4.3.5, MTRA, Section 4.5.5, and TRA, Section 4.4]

       4.     For your first Franchised Restaurant opened under the Development Agreement, MTRA
or TRA, we may provide a representative to be present at the opening. [Development Agreement, Section
4.4, MTRA, Section 4.6, and TRA, Section 4.4]

       5.      We will grant you a franchise, on our then-current form of Franchise Agreement, for a
Popeyes Restaurant upon your satisfaction of all conditions to opening a Restaurant under a Development
Agreement, MTRA, or TRA. [Development Agreement, Article V, MTRA, Article IV and Section 11.8,
and TRA, Article IV and Section 9.8]



Item 11
03/2026                                                                                                Page 46
