“Franchised Restaurant” has the meaning given to it in the Recitals to this Amendment.

“Laws” has the meaning given to it in Section 13 of this Amendment.

“Maintenance Rate” has the meaning given to it in Section 3.02(d) of the Franchise Agreement,
as amended by Section 4 of this Amendment (where adding Section 3.02(d) to the Franchise
Agreement).

“Maintenance Survey” has the meaning given to it in Section 5 of this Amendment.

“Measurement Periods” means Measurement Period 1, Measurement Period 2 and Measurement
Period 3, and “Measurement Period” means any one of them.

“Measurement Period 1” means the one-year period commencing on April 1, 2025.

“Measurement Period 1 EBITDA Condition” means that the average twelve (12) month
Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA for U.S. Popeyes Restaurants during Measurement Period 1 is an
amount that is $15,000.00 or more greater than the Base Year EBITDA, as determined by
Franchisor in accordance with Section 6 of this Amendment.

“Measurement Period 2” means (i) the one-year period commencing on the first day following
the last day of Measurement Period 1.

“Measurement Period 2 EBITDA Condition” means that the average twelve (12) month
Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA for U.S. Popeyes Restaurants during Measurement Period 2 is an
amount that is $25,000.00 or more greater than the Base Year EBITDA, as determined by
Franchisor in accordance with Section 6 of this Amendment.

“Measurement Period 3” means the one-year period commencing on the first day following the
last day of Measurement Period 2.
“Measurement Period 3 EBITDA Condition” means that the average twelve (12) month
Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA for U.S. Popeyes Restaurants during Measurement Period 3 is an
amount that is $35,000.00 or more greater than the Base Year EBITDA, as determined by
Franchisor in accordance with Section 6 of this Amendment.

“Minimum Participation Condition” means the execution by Owners and delivery to Franchisor
of either of the following agreements covering at least seventy-five percent (75%) of all U.S.
Popeyes Restaurants: (i) “Omnibus Advertising Fund and Remodel Amendments” substantially in
the form of this Amendment or (ii) Comparable Agreements.

“Owners” means all franchisees, designated as such under the relevant franchise agreements, of
all U.S. Popeyes Restaurants, and “Owner” shall mean any one of them.


                                              2
