photographs, images, sound bites or other materials in which any third party has any ownership interest)
and non-visible (including meta-tags) content in the form and manner that we may reasonably require; (b)
we may require you to establish hyperlinks to our web site and others as we may require, and obtain our
prior written approval of your use of any other hyperlinks and/or other links; (c) we may require you to
submit to us for our prior written approval any modifications to your Web Site. We may revoke our
approval of your Web Site at any time and require you to discontinue your use of it. In addition to any
other applicable requirements, you must comply with any standards and specifications we develop that are
applicable to Web Sites as stated in the Manual or otherwise in writing. We may, at any time, designate
the form and content of your Web Site and you must use any Web Site hosted by us or a third party whom
we designate. We also may charge you a fee for developing, reviewing and approving your Web Site and/or
hosting it. You may not use or permit any third party to use any of the Proprietary Marks in connection
with any Internet web site and/or as part of any Internet domain name or electronic mail or home page
address, unless such use is expressly approved by us in writing.

         You may not operate or create a social media site, page or group containing our Proprietary Marks
using tools including, but not limited to, Facebook, MySpace, X (formerly Twitter), YouTube, Instagram,
Google+, Pinterest, Tumblr, SnapChat, Vine, or other similar tools. We may, at any time, require any such
page, site or group be discontinued and deleted.

        Our “Proprietary Marks” include all trade names, service marks, trademarks, logos, emblems, and
other indicia of origin, including, but not limited to, the mark “Popeyes” and “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen”
and such other trade names, service marks, trademarks and trade dress as are now, or may hereafter, be
designated by us for use in connection with the System.


              [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



4920-5834-8441, v. 3




Item 13
03/2026                                                                                           Page 64
