           those other Franchised Restaurants operated by Franchisee in the same geographic area
           as the Franchised Restaurant, including, without limitation, control over the standards of
           operation and financial performance and authority to ensure compliance with the Manual,
           this Agreement, and the terms of any lease or other agreements related to the Franchised
           Restaurant.

                B. The Managing Director shall devote full-time and best efforts to supervising the
           operation of the Franchised Restaurant and those other Franchised Restaurants operated
           by Franchisee in the same geographic area as the Franchised Restaurant and shall not
           engage in any other business or activity, directly or indirectly, that requires substantial
           management responsibility.

                 C. The Managing Director shall maintain his primary residence within a reasonable
           driving distance of the Franchised Restaurant.

                D. The Managing Director shall successfully complete all modules of PTP, as
           defined in Section 8.01 of this Agreement, that are applicable to a Managing Director
           and any additional training required by Franchisor.

                 E. The Managing Director otherwise meets Franchisor’s then current criteria for
           Managing Directors as communicated by Franchisor to the Popeyes System from time to
           time.

                F. Franchisor shall have approved the Managing Director, and not have later
           withdrawn that approval.

                 G. If the Managing Director no longer qualifies as such, Franchisee shall designate
           another qualified person to act as Managing Director within 30 days after the date the
           prior Managing Director ceases to be qualified. Franchisee’s designee to become the
           Managing Director must be approved by Franchisor and must successfully complete all
           modules of PTP that are applicable to a Managing Director.

VII.    CONFIDENTIAL OPERATING STANDARDS MANUAL

        7.01. In order to protect the reputation and goodwill of Franchisor and the Popeyes
System and to maintain uniform standards of operation under Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks,
Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with Franchisor’s Brand
Standards Manual, its Brand Training Standards, and such other operating standards,
specifications, procedures and techniques prescribed by Franchisor from time to time (collectively,
whether made available to Franchisee via electronic communication (including the internet) or via
hard copy, and all amendments and updates thereto, the “Manual”).

       7.02. Franchisee shall at all times treat the Manual, and the information contained therein,
as confidential, and shall use all reasonable efforts to keep such information secret and
confidential. Franchisee shall not, at any time, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, copy,
duplicate, record, or otherwise make the Manual available to any unauthorized person or entity.


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        16
Exhibit D (03/2026)
