   Table of Contents

Note 4. Segment Reporting and Geographical Information

      As stated in Note 1, Description of Business and Organization, we manage four brands: Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes,
and Firehouse Subs.

      Our management structure and information regularly reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our Chief Operating
Decision Maker (“CODM”), reflects six operating and reportable segments. Commencing in the first quarter of 2025, results of
restaurants acquired in connection with the BK China Acquisition (see Note 7, BK China) are included in net loss from discontinued
operations. The reportable segments consist of the following:

    1.   Tim Hortons – Operations of our Tim Hortons brand in Canada and the U.S. (“TH”);

    2.   Burger King – Operations of our Burger King brand in the U.S. and Canada, excluding results of Burger King restaurants
         acquired as part of our acquisition of Carrols Restaurant Group Inc. (the “Carrols Acquisition”) (“BK”);

    3.   Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen – Operations of our Popeyes brand in the U.S. and Canada, including the Popeyes restaurants
         acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition (“PLK”);

    4.   Firehouse Subs – Operations of our Firehouse Subs brand in the U.S. and Canada (“FHS”);

    5.   International – Operations of each of our brands outside the U.S. and Canada, excluding results of Popeyes China (“PLK
         China”) and Firehouse Subs Brazil (“FHS Brazil”) restaurants (“INTL”); and

    6.   Restaurant Holdings – Operations of Burger King restaurants acquired as part of the Carrols Acquisition and the operations
         of PLK China and FHS Brazil restaurants (“RH”).

       Our measure of segment income is Adjusted Operating Income. Our chief operating decision maker uses Adjusted Operating
Income (i) in the budgeting process and in periodic reviews of segment performance by comparing variances in actual segment income
results to budget and (ii) during the annual budgeting process to make capital allocation decisions, including allocating resources to
segments.

       Adjusted Operating Income represents income from operations adjusted to exclude (i) franchise agreement and reacquired
franchise right intangible asset amortization as a result of acquisition accounting, (ii) (income) loss from equity method investments,
net of cash distributions received from equity method investments, (iii) other operating expenses (income), net and, (iv) income/
expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities. For the periods referenced, income/expenses from non-recurring
projects and non-operating activities included (i) non-recurring fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Carrols Acquisition,
the PLK China Acquisition, and the BK China Acquisition consisting primarily of professional fees, compensation-related expenses,
and integration costs (“RH and BK China Transaction costs”); (ii) non-recurring fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
acquisition of Firehouse Subs consisting primarily of professional fees, compensation-related expenses and integration costs (“FHS
Transaction costs”); and (ii) non-operating costs from professional advisory and consulting services associated with certain
transformational corporate restructuring initiatives that rationalize our structure and optimize cash movements as well as services
related to significant tax reform legislation and regulations (“Corporate restructuring and advisory fees”).

      The following tables present total segment revenues, significant segment expenses that are regularly reviewed by the CODM to
manage and assess segment performance and segment income, as well as depreciation and amortization, (income) loss from equity
method investments, and capital expenditures by segment (in millions). For the periods referenced, segment franchise and property
expenses (“Segment F&P expenses”) for each segment exclude franchise agreement and reacquired franchise rights amortization and
Segment G&A for each segment excludes RH and BK China Transaction costs, FHS Transaction costs, and Corporate restructuring
and advisory fees. For segment reporting purposes, capital expenditures include payments for additions of property and equipment
during the period, as well as the change in accruals for additions of property and equipment since the prior period. For 2024, capital
expenditures for RH excludes $7 million of accruals for additions of property and equipment assumed in connection with the Carrols
Acquisition. Totals in the following tables may not calculate exactly due to rounding.




                                                                  20
