forth in the Manual or otherwise agreed to in writing by Franchisor). The Advertising Contribution
shall be expended by Franchisor in accordance with the following conditions and limitations:

                A.     The Advertising Fund, all contributions thereto, and any earnings thereon,
        shall be used exclusively for national, regional, and/or local advertising and promotional
        materials and market research for the Popeyes System including maintaining,
        administering, directing, producing and preparing market research, advertising, marketing
        materials and/or promotional activities for the Popeyes System. All reasonable costs
        incurred by Franchisor or charged to Franchisor by third parties for market research and
        the production and dissemination of advertising, marketing and promotional materials may
        be charged to the Advertising Fund.

                B.     All sums paid by Franchisee to the Advertising Fund shall be maintained in
        an account separate from other funds of Franchisor and shall not be used to defray any of
        Franchisor’s expenses except as provided herein, and as Franchisor may incur in activities
        reasonably related to the administration or direction of the Advertising Fund and
        advertising and marketing programs for franchisees and the Popeyes System. The
        Advertising Fund and its earnings shall not otherwise inure to the benefit of Franchisor.
        Franchisor shall maintain a separate bookkeeping account for the Advertising Fund.

                C.      The selection of media and locale for media placement shall be at the sole
        discretion of Franchisor.

               D.      Franchisor, upon request, shall provide Franchisee with an annual
        accounting of receipts and disbursements of the Advertising Fund.

                E.     It is anticipated that all contributions to and earnings of the Advertising
        Fund will be expended in accordance with the terms hereof during the taxable year in which
        contributions and earnings are received. If, however, excess amounts remain in the
        Advertising Fund at the end of a taxable year, all expenditures in the following taxable
        year(s) shall be made first out of accumulated earnings from previous years, next out of
        earnings in the current year, and finally from contributions.

               F.     The Advertising Fund is not, and shall not be, an asset of Franchisor.
        Although the Advertising Fund is intended to be of perpetual duration, Franchisor
        maintains the right to terminate the Advertising Fund; provided, however, that the
        Advertising Fund shall not be terminated until all monies in the Advertising Fund have
        been expended for the purposes stated herein.

                G.      Franchisee understands that such advertising and marketing is intended to
        maximize the public’s awareness of the Franchised Restaurants and the System, and that
        Franchisor accordingly undertakes no obligation to insure that any individual Franchisee
        benefits directly or on a pro rata basis from the placement, if any, of such advertising or
        marketing in its local market. Franchisee further acknowledges that its failure to derive
        any such benefit, whether directly or indirectly, shall not be cause for Franchisee’s
        nonpayment or reduction of the required contributions to the Advertising Fund.

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                      7
Exhibit D (03/2026)
