         The selection of media and locale for media placement will be at our discretion. Currently, we use
television, radio, print, direct mail, digital, social and mobile media and restaurant point-of-purchase
advertising. We presently use several national advertising agencies to produce and place our advertising
materials.

         The Ad Fund currently uses all contributions made to it and any earnings to pay the costs of
maintaining, administering, directing and preparing market research, advertising and/or promotional
activities, including placement of national media campaigns and promotions. We do not have to spend any
minimum amount from the Ad Fund, or from any other source, on advertising in the market in which your
Franchised Restaurant is located. We maintain all sums paid to the Ad Fund in an account separate from
our other funds. We maintain separate bookkeeping accounts for the Ad Fund. We anticipate that all
contributions to, and earnings of, the Ad Fund will be spent for market research, advertising or promotional
purposes during the taxable year in which these contributions and earnings are received. If, however, there
are balances in the Ad Fund at the end of the taxable year, the amounts will be carried over to the following
taxable year(s).

         We do not use the Ad Fund to defray our expenses except for expenses we incur administering the
Ad Fund and in running advertising and marketing programs for the System. We may charge the Ad Fund
for our reasonable costs for market research, production and distribution of advertising materials. We will,
upon request, provide you with an annual unaudited accounting of receipts and disbursements of the Ad Fund.

        The Ad Fund is not an asset of ours or any of our affiliates. We intend the Ad Fund to be of
perpetual duration; however, after the Ad Fund has spent all of its funds for the purposes described above,
we may terminate the Ad Fund. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, 3% of the expenditures from
the Ad Fund were spent on media production, 71% on traditional and digital media placement, 7% on
agency fees and expenses, 2% on point of purchase materials (including menu boards), and 16% on other
expenses, including research. None of the monies collected for the Ad Fund are used to solicit new
franchisees. Neither we nor our affiliates receive any payments for providing goods or services to the Ad
Fund, except for the expenses we incur in administering the Ad Fund.

Regional Advertising/Co-ops

        We can establish a Co-op for any DMA. If we establish a Co-op for the DMA in which your
Franchised Restaurant is located, in addition to your contribution to the Ad Fund, you must contribute to
the Co-op the percentage contribution established by that Co-op. A Co-op may also be established if the
owners of 80 % of the Popeyes Restaurants (franchised and operated by us) within a DMA vote to do so.
We have the power to dissolve or merge Co-ops. Our Co-ops are governed by a standard prescribed set of
by-laws adopted by the members of the Co-ops.

        Members of a Co-op who are in good standing are entitled to one vote per Popeyes Restaurant with
respect to advertising expenditures. A primary purpose of the Co-op is to administer advertising and
marketing programs in the DMA and to develop, subject to our approval, standardized promotional
materials for use by its members. The Co-op may not use or furnish to its members any advertising or
promotional plans or materials without our prior approval. You must contribute to the Co-op weekly based
on your Gross Sales for the prior week. All Co-op contributions will be sent to us with the corresponding
Ad Fund Contribution, and will be allocated to the applicable Co-op account, which we administer for each
Co-op. When you make your contribution to the Co-op, you also must submit any reports that we (or, if
we permit, the Co-op) may require. Popeyes Restaurants that we own in a DMA with a Co-op will
contribute to the Co-op on the same basis as franchisees with Popeyes Restaurants in that DMA and we
will have the right to vote in the Co-op.


Item 11
03/2026                                                                                               Page 56
