resources provided by us. The computer system will permit electronic communication of information
between us and you concerning the Popeyes System and your Franchised Restaurant, including access to
our extranet, http://www.thescoop.popeyes.com and our online learning management system. The
Franchise Agreement does not limit us from receiving (i.e. downloading) information from the computer
system. The cost of the computer system ranges from approximately $800 to $3,000.

        You must also purchase approved Digital Menu Boards for the interior and exterior of your
Franchised Restaurant. The purchase price ranges between $25,000 and $70,000 for Outdoor Digital Menu
Boards depending on the number of drive-thru lanes you have and the number of boards and type of mount
purchased; and $9,000 to $20,000 for Indoor Digital Menu Boards depending on the number of screens,
screen size and type of mounting purchased. The annual cost for content and support of the Outdoor Menu
Boards ranges from $400 to $500 per drive-thru lane and is approximately $425 for the Indoor Menu
Boards.

         In addition to accessing our online learning management system via a desktop computer or a laptop
computer, you must have one dedicated training tablet and over ear headphones. The cost for the training
tablet and over ear headphones ranges from $500 to $1000 per tablet.

        You must upgrade or update the computer system, tablet or mobile device (as applicable) and the
Digital Menu Boards during the term of your Franchise Agreement to implement any changes to the
specifications made by us periodically. There is no limitation on the frequency and cost of this obligation.
Neither we, any affiliate nor any third party, except as disclosed above, have any obligation to provide
ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates for any of the items identified in this section.

Advertising and Promotion

Marketing Advisory Council

        We have an informal marketing advisory council (“Council”), composed of franchisees chosen by
the Popeyes International Franchisee Association (“PIFA”) from among its members. We consult with the
Council concerning our marketing initiatives. The Council operates in an informal advisory capacity only.
We do not have to consult with the Council, and we can discontinue doing so at any time. We can change
or dissolve the Council or form additional councils.

Advertising Fund

         Advertising and standardization of advertising and promotion is important to the goodwill, overall
health, and public image of the System. We have established an advertising fund (“Ad Fund”) to accomplish
this. You must make a weekly contribution to the Ad Fund as a percentage of Gross Sales (as specified in
Item 6), unless you are participating in a program with a different Advertising Contribution. Restaurants
that we and our affiliates currently own are participating in the Ad Fund Test Program and contribute to the
Ad Fund at the average rate of% 4.6% or 5% of Gross Sales, as determined in accordance with the Ad Fund
Test Program. Individual Popeyes Restaurant contribution rates vary and may be attributed to: (i) the
opening date of the Popeyes Restaurant; (ii) the corresponding Ad Fund rate paid by franchised Popeyes
Restaurants opened during the same time period; (iii) franchises operated in non-traditional locations such
as U.S. military bases and universities; (iv) development incentive programs, and (v) participation in the
Ad Fund Test Program. The Ad Fund is currently used for national advertising and promotional materials
and market research in any media format for the Popeyes System as determined by us. We or our designee
will administer the Ad Fund.



Item 11
03/2026                                                                                              Page 55
