        14.02. Transfer by Franchisee. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that the rights
and duties set forth in this Agreement are personal to Franchisee, and that Franchisor has granted
this Agreement in reliance on Franchisee’s business skill and financial capacity. Accordingly,
neither (i) Franchisee, nor (ii) any immediate or remote successor to Franchisee, nor (iii) any
individual, partnership, corporation or other legal entity which directly or indirectly owns any
interest in Franchisee or in this Franchise Agreement, shall sell, assign, transfer, convey, donate,
pledge, mortgage, or otherwise encumber any direct or indirect interest in this Agreement or in
any legal entity which owns the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written consent of
Franchisor. Acceptance by Franchisor of any Royalty, Advertising Contribution or any other
amount accruing hereunder from any third party, including any proposed transferee, shall not
constitute Franchisor’s approval of such party as a transferee or the transfer of this Franchise
Agreement to such party. Any purported assignment or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise,
not having the written consent of Franchisor, shall be null and void, and shall constitute a breach
of this Agreement, for which Franchisor may then terminate without opportunity to cure pursuant
to Section 15.02.D. of this Agreement.

        14.03. Conditions for Consent. Franchisor may grant or withhold its consent to any
transfer referred to in Section 14.02., when requested, in its sole discretion; provided that prior to
the time of any transfer consented to by Franchisor;

               A.      All of Franchisee’s accrued monetary obligations to Franchisor and its
        subsidiaries and affiliates shall have been satisfied;

                B.    Franchisee shall have agreed to remain obligated under the covenants
        contained in Section XIII hereof as if this Agreement had been terminated on the date of
        the transfer;

               C.     The transferee must be of good moral character and reputation, in the
        reasonable judgment of Franchisor;

                D.     Franchisor shall have determined, to its satisfaction, that the transferee’s
        qualifications meet Franchisor’s then-current criteria for new franchisees;

                E.     Franchisee and the transferee shall execute a written agreement, in a form
        satisfactory to Franchisor, pursuant to which the transferee shall assume all of the
        obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement and shall also assume any additional
        commitments of Franchisee, including an agreement by Franchisee to pay an Advertising
        Contribution in an amount exceeding four percent (4%) of Gross Sales. Franchisee shall
        unconditionally release any and all claims Franchisee might have against Franchisor and
        its parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates as of the date of the transfer;

               F.     The transferee shall execute the then-current form of Franchise Agreement
        and such other then-current ancillary agreements as Franchisor may reasonably require.
        The then-current form of Franchise Agreement may have significantly different provisions
        including a higher royalty fee and advertising contribution than that contained in this
        Agreement. The then-current form of Franchise Agreement will expire on the expiration

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       36
Exhibit D (03/2026)
