calculate average Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA based on such P&Ls consistent with the method and
process that Franchisor used to calculate the “Average EBITDA” amounts disclosed in Item 19
(Financial Performance Representations) of Franchisor’s March 2024 Franchise Disclosure
Document. For clarity, monies received by Owners due to any settlement, judgment, arbitral
award, or other award made in connection with lawsuits or claims filed against chicken suppliers
regarding chicken pricing (whether such lawsuits or claims are filed prior to, on or after the
Effective Date) shall not be included as revenue for purposes of calculating Restaurant 4-Wall
EBITDA.
       (b)   Franchisee covenants and agrees to submit P&Ls for the Franchised Restaurant, in
accordance with the requirements and timelines set forth in Section 4.03 of the Franchise
Agreement.
        (c) If any Owner, including Franchisee, fails to submit all P&Ls for any of the U.S.
Popeyes Restaurants owned by such Owner within the thirty (30) day timeline set forth in Section
4.03 of the Franchise Agreement (in each case for purposes of the relevant EBITDA Condition
determination), Franchisor will deem each such U.S. Popeyes Restaurant’s 4-Wall EBITDA to be
$1,000.00 above the Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA amount required to meet the EBITDA Condition,
in determining whether the EBITDA Condition has been satisfied.
        (d)     Franchisor reserves the right to audit the P&Ls submitted by Owners, including
Franchisee, for purposes of calculating Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA under this Amendment. To
the extent any such audit by Franchisor discloses a material discrepancy in the restaurant
profitability and costs reported by an Owner, Franchisor may exclude such Owner’s P&Ls for
purposes of calculating Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA and determining whether the EBITDA
Condition has been satisfied.
        (e)   Franchisor shall notify Participating Owners (which notice may be via a
communication on The Scoop or other intranet site, a systemwide email communication or other
written communication) of the Base Year EBITDA within ninety (90) days following the last day
of the Base Year.
7.     Intentionally Deleted.

8.     Franchised Restaurant Renovation.

       (a)     Franchisee shall complete a Franchised Restaurant Renovation at the Franchised
Restaurant by no later than the “Amended Renovation Date” set forth in Exhibit A (the “Amended
Renovation Date”). Following the completion of the Franchised Restaurant Renovation required
by this Section 8(a) of this Amendment Franchisee shall complete all subsequent Franchised
Restaurant Renovations for the Franchised Restaurant within the time frames set forth in Section
10.01.C of the Franchise Agreement as amended herein.

       (b)     Section 10.01.C of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following:



                                               5
