§8.10 NON-WAIVER. The failure of Lessor to insist upon strict performance of any of Lessee’s obligations
under this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights or remedies that Lessor may have and shall
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default by Lessee. The exercise of any of the Lessor’s
options under the Lease “shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy of Lessor.”

§8.11 WAIVER OF EXEMPTION FROM DISTRESS. Lessee agrees that notwithstanding anything
contained in any statute, enactment or other law of the state in which the Premises are located or of any
other jurisdiction, none of the personalty located on the Premises shall be exempt from levy for distress for
Rent in arrears, and that if Lessee makes any claim for such an exemption, this Lease may be pleaded as
an estoppel against Lessee in any appropriate action.

§8.12 FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, this Lease is
conditioned upon the faithful performance by Lessee of the Franchise Agreement, and a default in the terms
of the Franchise Agreement shall be a default of this Lease.

                                                 IX.
                                         NO RENT ABATEMENT

Unless specifically provided in this Lease, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of Rent, Additional Rent,
Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed by or allowed to Lessee, or any persons
claiming under Lessee, under any circumstances, whether for inconvenience, discomfort, interruption of
business, or otherwise.

                                                 X.
                                            CONDEMNATION

§10.1 ENTIRE AWARD. In the event that the Premises or any part of it is taken in condemnation
proceedings or by exercise of any right of eminent domain (or by settlement agreement in lieu thereof
between Lessor and those authorized to exercise such right), Lessor shall be entitled to collect the entire
amount of any award made without deduction for any estate vested in or owned by Lessee, subject only to
the rights of any mortgagee and to Lessee’s rights as set forth in this Lease. Lessee agrees to execute
any and all documents that may be required to facilitate collection by Lessor of any and all such awards.
Lessee shall have no right to participate in any condemnation proceedings or agreement except for the
purposes described in Section 10.5.

§10.2 SUBSTANTIAL TAKING. If at any time during the Lease Term, the whole or substantially all of the
Premises is taken or condemned, this Lease shall terminate and expire on the date on which title vests in
the condemning authority, upon which the Rent provided to be paid by Lessee shall be apportioned and
paid to that date, and Lessee shall have no claim against Lessor for the unexpired Term of this Lease or
for damage or for any other reason whatsoever. For the purposes of this Section, “substantially all of the
Premises” shall be deemed to have been taken if, in the sole opinion of Lessor, the portion of the Premises
not taken cannot be repaired or reconstructed in such a way that, by using only the amount of the net award
available from the taking, there remains a complete, rentable structure capable of producing a
proportionately fair and reasonable net annual income after payment of all operating expenses, Rent,
Additional Rent and all other Additional Charges payable by Lessee, and after performance by the Lessee
of all its obligations under this Lease.

§10.3 PARTIAL TAKING. In the event of a partial taking (any taking which is not “substantial”), this Lease
shall not terminate, and Lessee shall promptly proceed to restore the remainder of the Building on the Land
(if affected by the taking) to a complete, independent and self-contained architectural unit, usable for the
purposes contemplated by this Lease, and Lessor shall pay to Lessee, subject to the same provisions and
limitations specified herein with respect to insurance proceeds, the cost of restoration, which payment shall
in no event exceed a sum equal to the amount of any separate award made for such restoration. Any
deficiency will be paid by Lessee. Such restoration shall be subject to and shall be performed in accordance

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                     16
