          Development Agreements

        As described above, we occasionally grant Development Agreements. The terms are subject to
negotiation. When you sign your Development Agreement, you must pay us for all costs and expenses
incurred by us to source, review, and onboard you, and all other incidental expenses we incur to prepare
your Development Agreement. This cost generally ranges from $0 to $2,500 for each restaurant committed
to be developed. Unless we otherwise agree, you must also prepay the Initial Franchisee Fees you would
pay for each Popeyes Restaurant you commit to develop. This amount is paid in installments with the first
installment due and payable on the date of the Development Agreement. The remaining amount is paid in
installments over the term of the Development Agreement. These amounts are nonrefundable but will be
credited towards the then-current initial franchise fee payable by you as you develop Popeyes Restaurants
under the Development Agreement until exhausted. We may impose other financial and operational
commitments. These agreements are typically granted only to sophisticated, highly experienced
Franchisees.

          Other

         We generally require that you construct a Franchised Restaurant on real estate that you own or
lease. In all instances, we or our affiliate or a supplier we approve will supply various equipment, fixtures
and signage. The cost will be site specific and will depend on the square footage of the Franchised
Restaurant, the existing condition of the Franchised Restaurant premises, and your choice of items to be
supplied as more particularly described in Item 6. In certain circumstances, we may offer to construct all
leasehold improvements and the cost of leasehold improvements may be reflected in the rent for the
Franchised Restaurant premises. In those situations where we are selling a Franchised Restaurant
constructed on real estate that we or one of our affiliates own or lease, we or one of our affiliates will, in
most situations, lease the Franchised Restaurant premises directly to you, or lease the Franchised Restaurant
premises from the landlord and then sublease the premises to you. See Item 6 for more information. You
must use our required mapping, marketing planning, and data analytics software if you sign a Development
Agreement, TRA, or MTRA, or if you are a new franchisee in your first year in the Popeyes system (the
initial cost is $4,545, payable before your Franchised Restaurant opens and is non-refundable).

        If you use vendors that are not on our “Qualified Partners” list for construction services, you must
have a qualified construction manager as a member of your team to oversee the construction of your
Franchised Restaurant, you must pay us $20,000 to $80,000 for us to review your construction management
vendor and the construction of your Franchised Restaurant. These amounts are due upon invoice (generally
before you start construction of your Franchised Restaurant) and are non-refundable.
4898-0993-9353, v. 2




Item 5
03/2026                                                                                               Page 20
