        8.05. Franchisor reserves the right to test any and all Popeyes Certified Managers on an
annual basis, and may require such individuals to attend and complete additional training at a
training facility designated by Franchisor, and at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, in the event
they fail to achieve a satisfactory score on such test. Additionally, Franchisor may make available
to Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees, from time to time, such additional training programs as
Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may choose to conduct. Attendance at said training programs
may be mandatory. The fees, costs, and expenses of conducting such additional training programs
(including instruction and required materials) shall be borne by Franchisee. All other fees, costs,
and expenses during the training period, including travel (including daily transportation to and
from training), accommodations, meals, uniforms, and employee wages and benefits (including
any routine or emergency medical services) shall also be borne by Franchisee.

IX.     DUTIES OF THE FRANCHISOR

        9.01. Franchisor will make available to Franchisee such continuing advisory assistance
in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, in person or by electronic or written bulletins made
available from time to time, as Franchisor may deem appropriate.

       9.02. Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may provide opening assistance to Franchisee at
the Franchised Restaurant.

        9.03. Franchisor will make available to Franchisee standard plans and specifications to
be utilized only in the development of Franchisee’s Construction Plans for the Franchised
Restaurant. Franchisee may not modify or deviate from such standard plans and specifications or
Franchisee’s approved equipment plan (including any modifications or deviations that may be
required by local or state laws, regulations or ordinances) without Franchisor’s prior written
consent.

        9.04. Franchisor will make the Manual available to Franchisee electronically via
electronic mail, the internet or other electronic format.

        9.05. Franchisor will continue its efforts to maintain high and uniform standards of
quality, cleanliness, appearance and service at all Popeyes Restaurants, to protect and enhance the
reputation of the Popeyes System and the demand for the products and services of the System.
Franchisor will establish uniform criteria for approving suppliers; make every reasonable effort to
disseminate its standards and specifications to prospective suppliers of Franchisee upon the written
request of Franchisee, provided that Franchisor may elect not to make available to prospective
suppliers the standards and specifications for such food formulas or equipment designs deemed by
Franchisor in its sole discretion to be confidential; and may conduct periodic inspections of the
premises and evaluations of the products used and sold at the Franchised Restaurant and in all
other Popeyes Restaurants.

        9.06.    Franchisor will provide training to Franchisee as set forth in Section VIII hereof.




Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        19
Exhibit D (03/2026)
