        install and implement any Additional Digital System required by Franchisor within the
        reasonable time specified by Franchisor.

                D.      Franchisee shall purchase, install and maintain a computer system, separate
        from the POS System and the BOH System, at the Franchised Restaurant that meets
        Franchisor’s current standards and specifications for training, communications and access
        to Internet-based resources provided by Franchisor (“Computer System”). Franchisor
        may periodically revise its specifications for the Computer System requiring Franchisee to
        promptly upgrade or update as necessary to meet Franchisor’s then current standards and
        specifications.

        10.15. Prior to opening the Franchised Restaurant, Franchisee shall implement a Customer
Service Response System Program (“CSRSP”) satisfactory to Franchisor, with a third party
vendor approved by Franchisor in writing. The CSRSP (i) must include a 24/365 “Live Operator”
customer hotline; and (ii) may, at Franchisee’s option, include “mystery shopper” visits on a
quarterly basis throughout the term of this Agreement. The results of the CSRSP shall be forwarded
to Franchisor by Franchisee and/or the approved CSRSP vendor on a weekly basis. Franchisee
shall reimburse Franchisor for the cost of any remuneration or promotional materials provided to
Franchisee’s customers in response to complaints made to the hotline. Franchisor shall not use any
unsatisfactory results of CSRSP as grounds for default under this Agreement or as the basis of a
default action. The foregoing shall not in any way limit the rights of Franchisor to enforce any
provision hereunder, nor limit the ability of Franchisor to declare a default hereunder for any
breach of this Agreement.

        10.16. Franchisee shall, in accordance with such requirements as Franchisor may from
time to time prescribe in the Manual, participate in a guest feedback program offered through a
third party service provider designated by Franchisor. Components of the program may, among
other things, require Franchisee to offer (or reimburse Franchisor for offering) such guest
incentives for guest participation in the program as Franchisor may reasonably require.

        10.17. Franchisee shall not promote, offer or sell any products or other services related to
the Franchised Restaurant through the internet or use the Proprietary Marks or any marks similar
thereto in any internet domain name, electronic mail address or home page address, or in the
operation of any internet web site without Franchisor’s prior written consent. In connection with
any such consent, which Franchisor may grant or withhold, in Franchisor’s sole discretion,
Franchisor may establish such requirements as Franchisor deems appropriate, including, among
others: (i) Franchisor may require Franchisee to submit to Franchisor for Franchisor’s prior written
approval, a sample of any proposed internet web site used for or in connection with the Franchised
Restaurant or the business of Franchisee (“Web Site”), domain name, home page address, format
and visible (including proposed screen shots and any text, video clips, photographs, images, sound
bites or other materials in which any party other than Franchisor has any ownership interest) and
non-visible content (including meta-tags) in the form and manner that Franchisor may reasonably
require; (ii) Franchisor may require Franchisee to establish hyperlinks to Franchisor’s web site and
others as Franchisor may require, and to obtain Franchisor’s prior written approval of Franchisee’s
use of any other hyperlinks and/or other links; (iii) Franchisor may require Franchisee to submit
to Franchisor for Franchisor’s prior written approval any modifications to Franchisee’s Web Site.

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                      28
Exhibit D (03/2026)
