XVIII. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION

         18.01. This Agreement does not constitute Franchisee an agent, legal representative, joint
venturer, partner, employee or servant of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever. It is understood
and agreed that Franchisee shall be an independent contractor and is in no way authorized to make
any contract, agreement, warranty, or representation on behalf of Franchisor or to incur any debt
or any other obligation in Franchisor’s name, and that Franchisor shall in no event assume liability
for, or be deemed liable hereunder as a result of, any such action or by reason of any act or omission
of Franchisee, or any claim or judgment arising therefrom. Neither this Agreement nor
Franchisor’s course of conduct is intended, nor may anything in this Agreement (nor Franchisor’s
course of conduct) be construed, to state or imply that Franchisor is the employer of Franchisee’s
employees and/or independent contractors, nor vice versa. The parties further agree that this
Agreement does not create any fiduciary or special relationship between them. In all public
records, in relationships with other persons, and on letterhead and business forms, Franchisee shall
indicate its independent ownership of the Franchised Restaurant and that Franchisee is a franchisee
of Franchisor.

        18.02. During the term of this Agreement and any extensions hereof, Franchisee agrees to
take such action as Franchisor deems reasonably necessary for Franchisee to inform and hold itself
out to the public as an independent contractor operating the Franchised Restaurant pursuant to a
franchise from Franchisor (including exhibiting a notice of that fact at the Franchised Restaurant
in form and substance satisfactory to Franchisor), subject only to the conditions and covenants set
forth in this Agreement. Franchisee shall have no right or power to, and shall not, bind or obligate
Franchisor in any way or manner, nor shall Franchisee represent at any time that Franchisee has
any right to do so. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee acknowledges that
(i) Franchisor has no responsibility or obligation to ensure that the Franchised Restaurant is
developed and operated in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations, and
(ii) Franchisor shall have no liability in the event the development or operation of the Franchised
Restaurant violates any applicable law, ordinance, or regulation.

        18.03. Franchisee agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Franchisor, its parent,
subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors
and assigns from all claims, demands, losses, damages, liabilities, cost and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses) resulting from, or alleged to have resulted from, or in
connection with Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant, including any claim or
actions based on or arising out of (i) Franchisee’s violation of any applicable laws, rules, or
regulations (including any applicable employment or workplace-related laws, rules, or
regulations), (ii) the acts or omissions of Franchisee or any of its employees, or (iii) any injuries,
including death to persons or damages to or destruction of property, sustained or alleged to have
been sustained in connection with or to have arisen out of or incidental to the Franchised
Restaurant, Franchisee’s business and/or the performance of this Agreement by Franchisee, its
agents, employees, and/or its subcontractors, their agents and employees, or anyone for whose acts
they may be liable, regardless of whether or not such claim, demand, damage, loss, liability, cost
or expense is caused in whole or in part by the negligence of Franchisor, Franchisor’s
representative, or the employees, agents, invitees, or licensees thereof. For the avoidance of doubt,


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       46
Exhibit D (03/2026)
