                                    AMENDMENT TO
                                FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                          REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NEW YORK


        In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33,
Section 680-695, and of the Codes, Rules and Regulations of the State of New York, Title 13,
Chapter VII, Sections 200.1 through 200.16, the parties to the attached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen,
Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree to amend the Agreement as follows:

1.     Any provision in the Agreement that is inconsistent with the New York General Business
       Law, Article 33, Sections 680 - 695 may not be enforceable.

2.     The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 2.02.C., 14.01, and 14.03.E.:

       Any provision in this Agreement requiring Franchisee to sign a general release of claims
       against Franchisor does not release any claim Franchisee may have under New York
       General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680-695.

3.     The following sentence is added to Section 14.01:

       Franchisor will not assign its rights under this Agreement except to an assignee who in
       Franchisor’s good faith and judgment is willing and able to assume Franchisor’s
       obligations under this Agreement.

4.     The following sentence is added to the end of Section 24.01:

       Notwithstanding the foregoing, the New York Franchises Law shall govern any claim
       arising under that law.

5.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
       connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
       (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
       inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
       seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any
       other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

6.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
       such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the New York Franchises Law are
       met independently, without reference to this Amendment.


                                  [THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS
                                INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



State of New York Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                             (Page 1 of 2)
