                                   EXHIBIT B – TARGET LOCATION ADDENDUM

                                             Development Agreement
                                            Target Location Addendum

         This Development Agreement Target Location Addendum (“Addendum”) shall be deemed a part of that
certain Development Agreement (the “Development Agreement”) dated                                 , by and between
                                     (“Developer”),                     (“Principal”) and POPEYES LOUISIANA
KITCHEN, INC. (“PLK”). Any initial capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
given thereto in the Development Agreement.

         Pursuant to the Development Agreement and subject to all terms and conditions thereof, PLK granted to
Developer certain Limited Exclusive Development Rights at      Target Locations during Development Year       . By
execution hereof, Developer represents and warrants to PLK that the Target Locations listed herein are Developer’s
Target Locations for Development Year          , and Developer further acknowledges and agrees that,
notwithstanding any other Development Agreement Target Location Addendum (or similar document) executed by
Developer and/or PLK in connection with the Development Agreement, the Target Locations listed herein are the
only Target Locations subject to Developer’s Limited Exclusive Development Rights.

                                                       Target Location
   1.
   2.
   3.
   4.
   5.
   6.
   7.
   8.
   9.
   10.
   11.
   12.
   13.
   14.
   15.
   16.
   17.
   18.
   19.
   20.

         Except as expressly modified herein, all of the provisions of the Development Agreement are hereby ratified
and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect. No provision of this Addendum shall be amended, waived or
modified except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. This Addendum replaces and supersedes
any prior Development Agreement Target Location Addendum (or similar document) executed by Developer and/or
PLK in connection with the Development Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions
of this Addendum and the terms of the Development Agreement, the terms of the terms of the Development
Agreement shall control.




Popeyes Development Agreement
Exhibit C3 (03/2026)
                                                      22
