its business or restaurants, whether notice is provided by Franchisee’s credit card processor, law
enforcement or any other party.

        10.20. Franchisee shall comply with all other requirements set forth in this Agreement.

         10.21. Franchisee agrees to contribute to The Popeyes Foundation, Inc. (the “Foundation”)
at least ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00) for the Franchised Restaurant during each year
for the duration of the Term at the time specified by the Foundation by participating in the in-
restaurant fundraising programs specified by Franchisor or by a donation. Franchisee agrees to
hold any money raised on behalf of the Foundation (the “Charitable Funds”) in trust for the benefit
of the Foundation until such Charitable Funds are distributed to the Foundation. Franchisee further
agrees that (a) the Charitable Funds are not property of the Franchisee and (b) it shall not use the
Charitable Funds for any purpose whatsoever, other than for turning over such Charitable Funds
to the Foundation.

XI.     INSURANCE

         11.01. Insurance Program. Franchisee shall be responsible for all loss or damage arising
from or related to Franchisee’s development and operation of the Franchised Restaurant, and for
all demands or claims with respect to any loss, liability, personal injury, death, property damage
or expense whatsoever occurring upon the premises of, or in connection with the development or
operation of, the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee shall procure, prior to commencement of
construction of the Franchised Restaurant, and shall maintain in full force and effect during the
Term of this Agreement at Franchisee’s expense, an insurance policy or policies protecting
Franchisee and Franchisor, and their officers, directors, agents and employees, against any loss,
liability, or expense whatsoever from personal injury, death or property damage or casualty,
including, fire, lightning, theft, vandalism, malicious mischief, and other perils normally included
in an extended coverage endorsement arising from, occurring upon or in connection with the
construction, operation or occupancy of the Franchised Restaurant, as Franchisor may reasonably
require for its own and Franchisee’s protection.

        11.02. Insurance Requirements. Such policy or policies shall be written by an insurance
company satisfactory to Franchisor and Franchisee shall maintain in full force and effect
throughout the term of this Agreement that insurance which Franchisee determines is necessary or
appropriate for liabilities caused by or occurring in connection with the development or operation
of the Franchised Restaurant, which insurance shall include, at a minimum the following coverage:

                A.     Workers’ Compensation Insurance, with statutory limits as required by the
        laws and regulations applicable to the employees of Franchisee who are engaged in the
        performance of their duties relating to the Franchised Restaurant, including any pre-
        opening training programs, as well as such other insurance as may be required by statute
        or regulation of the state in which the Franchised Restaurant is located.

                B.      Employer’s Liability Insurance, for employee bodily injuries and deaths,
        with limits as follows:


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                      30
Exhibit D (03/2026)
