                                                  NOTES:

        1        Free Standing Restaurants. Free Standing Restaurants include Popeyes Restaurants located
in single purpose, single tenant buildings. Free Standing Restaurants may also include “Build to Suit”
projects, which can substantially lower your initial investment costs. In a typical Build to Suit scenario, the
landlord will deliver a complete building ready for you to customize the interior. Free Standing Restaurants
do not include Popeyes Restaurants located in food courts, any “In-Line” Restaurants or any Popeyes
Restaurants located in co-branded buildings.

          2       In-Line Restaurants. In-Line Restaurants include Popeyes Restaurants located in or at
“strip-style” retail shopping centers, premises with convenience stores, travel plazas (or similar locations
that sell gasoline), shopping malls, and other food court locations.

         3        Initial Franchise Fee. The payment of the Initial Franchise Fee is described in Item 5. You
may be eligible to pay a reduced Initial Franchise Fee if you qualify for one of our development incentive
programs described in Item 5. We may also reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for franchise rights granted in
certain Alternative Venues; and, in particular, in those instances where the duration of the franchise term
may be a shorter term (i.e. typically one to five years) and as a result of the shorter occupancy rights or
restrictions that may exist in these other locations.

        Under the Development Agreement, you will pay us an amount equal to the Initial Franchise Fee
multiplied by the number of Popeyes Restaurants you commit to develop. This amount is paid in
installments with the first installment due on the date of the Development Agreement. The remaining
amount is paid in installments over the term of the Development Agreement. These amounts are
nonrefundable but will be credited toward the then current Initial Franchise Fees payable by you as you
develop Popeyes Restaurants under the Development Agreement, until the amounts are exhausted. There
are no other incidental expenses you should incur under a Development Agreement, as the expenses to open
each Franchised Restaurant are accounted for in the chart above.

        As discussed in Item 5, under the MTRA you will pay us an Initial Franchise Fee deposit in the
amount of $25,000 multiplied by the number of Popeyes Restaurants you commit to develop. These
amounts are nonrefundable but will be credited toward the then current Initial Franchise Fees payable by
you as you develop Popeyes Restaurants under the MTRA.

         4       Real Estate. We cannot estimate your initial investment for acquiring or leasing real estate
for the Franchised Restaurant; however, the following factors will bear on these costs. If you do not already
own adequate space for the Franchised Restaurant, you will have to purchase or lease land and a building
for the Franchised Restaurant. Typical locations for In-Line Restaurants are shopping centers, urban
commercial areas and suburban shopping areas. Popeyes Restaurants range in size from 1,600 to 3,500
square feet. Free Standing Restaurants in suburban locations will require from 28,000 to 38,000 square feet
of land for the Franchised Restaurant and adequate parking facilities, typically 25-30 spaces on average.
The cost of commercial land or restaurant space, whether you lease or buy, varies considerably depending
upon the location, entitlement requirements, and conditions affecting the local market for commercial
property. The cost of land (if purchased) varies depending upon the location and condition of the property
and we cannot estimate the cost of purchasing land. The cost of converting land to use as a Popeyes
Restaurant may vary widely depending upon the location, previous use and condition of the property.

        5         Soft Costs. The estimate is for legal, accounting, administrative, permitting, architectural,
design, traffic studies, demographic studies, brokerage and miscellaneous other professional fees that you
may incur before you open for business, including (among other things) to assist you in reviewing the
Franchise Agreement. Your actual costs may vary, for example, depending on the degree to which you rely

Item 7
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 33
