1.4       Success or Viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant. The Developer agrees that any site
selection assistance, site identification, or offer to develop a Site by or on behalf of PLK shall not be
construed or interpreted as a representation or warranty relating directly or indirectly to the success or
viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant and no reliance shall be placed on any warranty, representation
or advice that may be given by any person by or on behalf of PLK directly or indirectly relating to the success
or viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant. Developer agrees to conduct its own independent
investigation and due diligence with respect to the viability and success of a Site or Franchised Restaurant
and acknowledges that there are risks associated with the development of a Franchised Restaurant at any
Site and that there are no guarantees that any Site or Franchised Restaurant will be successful or viable.

1.5      Franchising and Business Development Expense Reimbursement. On or before the Effective Date,
Developer shall pay to PLK the aggregate amount equal to _________________ ($___________) (the
“Franchising and Business Development Expense Reimbursement”) as a reimbursement of costs and
expenses incurred by PLK or any of its affiliates, comprised of expenses including, but not limited to (i)
travel, accommodation, meals, and ground transportation in relation to the conduct of sourcing, due
diligence, and onboarding of Developer, and (ii) all other incidental expenses in connection with the
preparation and execution of this Agreement. The Franchising and Business Development Expense
Reimbursement will be non-refundable and deemed fully earned by PLK upon execution and delivery of
this Agreement.

                 ARTICLE II: DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING COMMITMENT SCHEDULE

2.1      Development and Opening Commitment Schedule. Developer shall develop and open for business
and keep open pursuant to the terms of the franchise agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant
a minimum number of new Popeyes® restaurants in the Target Areas in strict compliance with the
Development and Opening Commitment Schedule set forth on Exhibit B (the "Development and Opening
Commitment Schedule"). All of the Cumulative Opening Targets set forth on the Development and Opening
Commitment Schedule are expressed net of closures, without distinction as to the reason for any such
closure (i.e., expiration, early termination or otherwise). Developer may open new Franchised Restaurants
within the Target Areas at a faster rate than indicated in the Development and Opening Commitment
Schedule. If at the end of any Term Year the number of new Franchised Restaurants opened falls short of
the Annual Opening Target for that Term Year but the cumulative total of new Franchised Restaurants
opened under this Agreement through such Term Year (net of closures) equals or exceeds the Cumulative
Opening Target for such Term Year, as set forth in the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule,
Developer shall be deemed to be in compliance with the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule.

                                                ARTICLE III: TERM

Unless terminated earlier or extended as provided herein, this Agreement shall commence as of the
Effective Date and expire at the end of the final Term Year as described on Exhibit B (the “Term”). Except
as provided herein, Developer has no right to any extension or renewal of this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE IV: DEVELOPMENT PROCEDURE

4.1      Nature of Agreement. Developer understands and agrees that this Agreement is not a franchise
agreement and does not grant Developer a franchise for the operation of POPEYES® restaurants or any
right to use the PLK trademarks, service marks or other PLK intellectual property, but is merely intended
by the parties to set forth the terms and conditions which, if fully satisfied, would entitle the Developer to
obtain an individual Franchise Agreement for each Site to be developed under this Agreement.

4.2    Franchise Approval. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Developer understands and agrees that, as a condition precedent to the development of a Franchised
Restaurant, the Developer must apply for, meet, and maintain PLK’s then-current operational, financial,

Popeyes Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
                                                        2
