   liability to us or Supplier, and/or pursue any of the remedies available to us under the UCC or any other law. In the event we seek to take possession of any part of the Collateral, you irrevocably
   waive to the fullest extent permitted by law any bonds, surety or security required by statute, court rule or otherwise as an incident of such possession. You agree to pay our reasonable
   attorneys’ fees and actual costs incurred by us in enforcing and defending our rights and interests hereunder including repossession, storage, refurbishment and sale of the Collateral and
   collection costs, and all non-sufficient funds charges and similar charges. If any part of a payment is late, you agree to pay us upon our demand the following, or if less, the maximum amount
   allowed under applicable law: (x) a late charge equal to 10% of the payment, (y) a charge of $30.00 for each check returned for any reason or if any ACH debit charge is not honored and (z) if
   we have had to perform collection activities in connection with such late payment, our specified collection charges then in effect. The foregoing will not be construed as interest but as
   reimbursement to us to cover administrative and overhead expenses related to the processing and collection of the late payment.
   10. Assignment; Inspection: YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, LEASE OR ENCUMBER THE COLLATERAL OR THIS EFA. We may sell, transfer, assign or encumber
   this EFA, in whole or in part, without notice to you or your consent. You agree that if we sell, transfer, assign or encumber this EFA, the assignee will have the rights and benefits that we assign
   to the assignee and will not have to perform any of our obligations. You agree that the rights of the assignee will not be subject to any claims, defenses or set-offs that you may have against
   us. We and our agents and representatives shall have the right at any time during regular business hours to inspect the Collateral and for that purpose to have access to the location of the
   Collateral.
   11. Risk of Loss: You assume and shall bear the entire risk of loss, theft, damage and destruction of the Collateral from any cause whatsoever, and no loss, theft, damage or destruction of
   the Collateral shall relieve you of the obligation to make Payments or any other obligation under this EFA. You shall promptly notify us in writing of such loss, theft, damage or destruction. If
   damage of any kind occurs to any item of Collateral, you, at our option, shall at your expense (a) place the Collateral in good repair, condition or working order, or (b) if the Collateral cannot be
   repaired or is lost, stolen or suffers a constructive loss under an insurance policy covering the Collateral, pay to us the “Casualty Value.” The Casualty Value will be equal to the total of (i)
   accrued and unpaid amounts then due and owing, and (ii) the remaining future Payments discounted to present value at 3%, in both cases as of the date the Casualty Value is received by us.
   12. Choice of Law; Waiver of Jury Trial: Secured Party is an FDIC-insured institution with its main office in Alabama. This EFA is governed by applicable Federal Law and the laws of the
   State of Alabama with respect to interest and matters that are material to the determination of interest. This EFA is otherwise governed by the law of the State of Alabama, excluding conflicts
   of law principles. If any amount charged, collected or due exceeds the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, Secured Party shall make necessary adjustments to eliminate such
   excess. You consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Jefferson County, Alabama in any action or proceeding relating to this EFA, YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL
   BY JURY IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT THIS IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
   13. Miscellaneous: During the Term, you agree to provide us with all financial statements and copies of tax returns we may request. If we supply you with labels, you shall label any and all
   Collateral and shall keep the same affixed in a prominent place. If any provision hereof or any remedy herein provided is found to be invalid under any applicable law, the remaining provisions
   hereof, shall be given effect in accordance with the manifest intent hereof. The parties agree that each Payment includes interest. In some cases, we may receive a discount from Supplier to
   reduce your interest rate below what we would otherwise charge. Any such discount reduces your Payments due to a lower interest rate but does not reduce the Financed Amount. You agree
   that a waiver of breach will not be a waiver of any other subsequent breach, and that any delay or failure to enforce our rights under this EFA does not prevent us from enforcing any rights at
   a later time. YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES FOR ANY DEFAULT BY US UNDER THIS EFA. Section headings
   are for convenience and are not a part of this EFA. You agree that by providing us with an email address or telephone number for a cellular or other wireless device, you expressly consent to
   receiving notices and other communications including email, voice and text messages from us or our affiliates or assigns at that email address or telephone number, and this express consent
   applies to each such email address or telephone number that you provide to us now or in the future and permits such communications regardless of their purpose. These calls and messages
   may incur access fees from your internet or wireless provider. You agree that the original of this EFA may be electronically duplicated and a copy hereof may be introduced in lieu of the original
   thereof and without further foundation. The parties hereto expressly waive the secondary evidence rule. You agree that this EFA will be binding upon your successors, permitted assigns, heirs
   and legal representatives. You authorize us to complete any blank in this instrument or in any document executed or delivered in connection herewith that contemplates a date by inserting a
   date deemed appropriate by us. Time is of the essence with respect to your obligations hereunder. Except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, no term or provision of this EFA may
   be amended, altered, waived or discharged except by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. You agree, however, that we are authorized, without notice
   to you, to supply missing information or correct any misspellings or obvious errors in this EFA. Any formal notice given pursuant to this EFA shall, if delivered by mail, be deemed given 2
   business days after being placed with the U.S. Postal Service, postage prepaid, addressed to the Debtor at its address set forth above, or to Secured Party at 23970 Hwy 59 N, Kingwood, TX
   77339-1535, or such other address as a party may designate by written notice to the other. If Debtor constitutes more than one person, you agree that the liability of each such person hereunder
   is joint and several. Any restrictive endorsement on any check you give us in payment of any amount due hereunder shall be void. A facsimile or other copy of this EFA, as executed, shall be
   deemed the equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes. Secured Party may acknowledge acceptance of this EFA in a subsequent communication signed by Secured Party. All
   amounts payable hereunder by you if not paid when due shall accrue interest at a rate of interest of 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by applicable law if less, from the due date
   thereof until received by us in cash and shall be payable on demand. This EFA may be executed in separate counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. You
   agree this EFA may be signed electronically pursuant to the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and other applicable law. Only the copy of this EFA marked as the
   “sole original” or similar language by Secured Party or its designee is the chattel paper original of this EFA.
   This EFA shall become effective upon Debtor’s signature below, provided, however, that our obligation to perform our obligations under this EFA shall be subject to our
   satisfactory receipt of all conditions specified by us, including a complete and properly executed documentation package, as determined by us. By signing below, Debtor hereby
   irrevocably authorizes Secured Party to pay the Supplier on behalf of Debtor. The person executing this EFA is authorized to do so, making this EFA valid and binding on Debtor.
                                                                                                       By:                              ##BusSign##
   Debtor Name:                 ++CustNameAS++
                                                                                                  Printed Name/Title:          ++SignorNameAS++ ++SignorTitleAS++
   AUTHORIZATION FOR ACH PAYMENTS: Debtor authorizes Secured Party and Secured Party’s successors and assigns to automatically initiate and make debit entry charges to Debtor’s
   bank account indicated below for the payment of all amounts owed by you from time to time under the EFA. This Authorization is to remain in effect during the Term of the EFA
   ++ACHIrrLang++Agreement. Any incorrect charge will be corrected upon notification to us, by either a credit or debit to Debtor’s account.
   Bank Name:                    ##ACHBankRules##                                                  Business Acct Name:              ##ACHHolderNmRules##
   Account No:                                                 ##ACHAcctRules##                    ABA No.:                         ##ACHABARules##
   Authorized Signature:             ##ACHSignRules##                                              Printed Name and Title:          ##ACHSignNameRules##, ##ACHSignTitleRules##




3301-20230705                                                                                   Page 2 of 2
