credit, legal and other criteria for developing and operating a new POPEYES® restaurant as set forth in the
then-current PLK Franchise Approval and Expansion Policy (“Franchise Approval”).                    Developer
understands and accepts that PLK may change its criteria for Franchise Approval as it applies to all
Franchisees in the U.S. during the term of this Agreement. Failure to meet the requirements for operational,
financial, credit and/or legal approval shall constitute grounds for, among other things, PLK refusing to grant
Franchise Approval or withdrawing an approval already granted. Any failure by Developer to qualify for
Franchise Approval for any period of time shall not extend, modify or reduce the development obligations
of Developer under this Agreement and if such failure results in Developer defaulting on its development
obligations under this Agreement, PLK may, in its sole discretion, exercise its right to terminate this
Agreement under Section 6.1.1 and the provisions of Section 6.2 shall not apply.

4.3       Site Approval. Developer must apply for and obtain Site Approval from PLK for each Franchised
Restaurant to be developed under this Agreement. Developer understands and acknowledges that Site
Approval must be obtained in addition to the permits required to construct, open and operate the Franchised
Restaurants within the Target Areas listed on Exhibit A and within the time periods provided on Exhibit B.
For each proposed Site, Developer must submit a complete "Site Acceptance Request Package" in the
form specified by PLK, together with such site information as required by PLK to evaluate the proposed
Site, with a request for written PLK site approval ("Site Approval"). Site Approval is indicated by PLK’s
issuance of a “Site Approval Letter”, which Developer must obtain from PLK for each Franchised Restaurant
to be developed hereunder by no later than the applicable “Site Approval Due Date” set forth on Exhibit B.
Site Approval automatically expires (without any requirement of PLK to provide Developer any written
notification of its expiration) on the End Date of the applicable Term Year as set forth on Exhibit B (subject
to any applicable cure period granted herein) in which Site Approval was granted for such Site. Developer
may request a six (6) month extension of Site Approval for a Site within thirty (30) days following expiration
of such Site Approval (a “Site Approval Extension Request”). Simultaneously with any such Site Approval
Extension Request, Developer shall pay to PLK an amount equal to Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00).
The failure to timely obtain Site Approval within the time specified in Exhibit B or Construction Approval in
accordance with Section 4.5.4 is an Event of Default under Section 6.1 below.

4.4      Commitments. Developer shall not, except at Developer's own risk, enter into any legally binding
commitments with vendors or lessors in any Target Area or at any Site until PLK has given Developer
written Site Approval.

4.5      Site Acquisition, Construction Approval and Construction.

        4.5.1 Within ninety (90) days following notice of Site Approval, Developer shall submit, in writing
to PLK, satisfactory proof that Developer:

                  4.5.1.1 owns the Site;

                  4.5.1.2 has leased the Site for a term which, with renewal options, is not less than the
                  initial term of the Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant; or

                  4.5.1.3 has entered into a written agreement to purchase or to lease the Site on terms
                  provided herein, subject only to obtaining necessary governmental approvals.

The proof required by this Section 4.5.1 includes submission of executed copies of all leases and deeds,
as well as all governmental approvals if effectiveness of leases or deeds is conditioned thereon. Failure to
provide PLK with the proof required by this Section 4.5.1 within the 90-day period set forth in this Section
4.5.1 shall result in automatic and immediate revocation of the relevant Site Approval without any
requirement of notice from PLK to Developer.




Popeyes Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
                                                      3
