                                         AMENDMENT TO
                                     FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                               REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

       In recognition of the requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law, Cal.
Corporations Code Sections 31000 et seq., the parties to the attached Popeyes Louisiana
Kitchen, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

       1.       The second paragraph of Section 22.01 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby
deleted in its entirety.

       2.      Section XXIII entitled “Acknowledgments” is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with “[Intentionally Deleted]”.

        3.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

       4.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law,
Cal. Corporations Code Sections 31000 et seq. are met independently without reference to this
Amendment.

         By entering into this Amendment, Franchisee expressly consents to transact business with
Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and all
other applicable state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by electronic
signatures. The parties to this Amendment agree that (i) the parties’ electronic signatures are
intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual
signatures, and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Amendment shall constitute an original
for all purposes.

                                   [THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]




State of California Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                                       (Page 1 of 2)
