                                            ITEM 14
                       PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

          We own the following registered copyrights:

   Work                                   Registration Date       Registration No.      Expiration Date

   POPPY (CHICKEN                         6/26/2023               VA2364861             07/01/2115
   CHARACTER)

   PATTERN ICON                           09/19/2023              VA2372797             07/01/2115

        Except as described above, we do not own any patents, copyrights or related applications that are
material to your Franchised Restaurant or the System. However, we claim copyright protection in the Manual
and for certain additional forms, architectural, engineering, and construction plans, advertising materials,
product specifications, computer programs, newsletters, training materials, and operations materials. We have
no obligation to defend the copyrights or to defend you against claims arising from your use of copyrighted
items.

         The Manual and these other materials contain our detailed standards, specifications, procedures and
techniques for operating your Franchised Restaurant. The Manual and all other materials and information
provided or disclosed to you regarding the System are disclosed in confidence. You may not, during or after
the term of either the Franchise Agreement or the Development Agreement, communicate, divulge or use for
the benefit of any other person, persons, partnership, association, corporation or other entity any confidential
information, knowledge or know-how concerning the construction and methods of operation of the Franchised
Restaurant which may be communicated to you or about which you may become aware because of your
operation under the terms of the Franchise Agreement or the Development Agreement. You are prohibited
from using any of our confidential information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human
intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar
data aggregation activities without our prior approval. You must not, without our prior written consent, input
any confidential information into any generative AI platform, or disclose any information to any provider or
source of generative AI services. You must opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to
utilize our confidential information for training of any AI model or for other purposes. You may divulge
confidential information only to those of your employees who need access to it to operate your Franchised
Restaurant. Any information, knowledge or know-how (including, for example, drawings, materials,
equipment, recipes and other data) that we designate as confidential will be confidential for purposes of the
Franchise and Development Agreements, except information which you can show came to your attention
before the disclosure of that information by us; or which, at the time we disclose it to you, has become part of
the public domain through publication or communication by others; or which, after our disclosure to you,
becomes public domain through publication or communication by others.

         At our request, we may also require that you obtain a signed confidentiality agreement requiring the
signatory to agree (among other things) to not communicate, divulge, or use for the benefit of any person,
persons, partnership, association, corporation, or any other entity, any confidential information, knowledge, or
know-how concerning the methods of operation of your Franchised Restaurant (including information
presented in the Manual), in each case, from each of the following individuals: all managers and assistant
managers of your Franchised Restaurant, any other personnel employed by you who have received or will
receive training from us, and (to the extent applicable) all officers, directors, and holders of a direct or indirect
legal or beneficial ownership interest of 10 percent or more in the franchisee.

          For additional information regarding the Manual, please refer to Item 11 of this disclosure document.
4898-9415-3113, v. 3

Item 14
03/2026                                                                                                      Page 65
