         In each case, PTP consists of a blended learning approach and curriculum, including online
(including via an online learning management system designated by us), Webcasts, in-restaurant as well as
training at locations designated by us. Components for PTP are provided on an as-needed basis and as
determined by us. If your management employees complete PTP to our satisfaction, we will issue
certificates of completion for these trainees. A management employee (including the Managing Director)
that successfully completes the designated segments of PTP for his/her applicable management role at the
Restaurant is designated as a “Popeyes Certified Manager”.

         Currently, PTP consists of training modules for restaurant general managers, assistant managers
and shift managers. Before a manager can achieve Popeyes Certified Manager status, the manager must
first complete (to our satisfaction) each module for his/her applicable management role at the Franchised
Restaurant. If any Popeyes Certified Manager does not do so, such individual will no longer qualify as a
“Popeyes Certified Manager”. To maintain certification as a Popeyes Certified Manager, each PTP
participant must complete all available modules of PTP applicable to his/her management role at the
Franchised Restaurant within 6 months of being hired in a management position at the Franchised
Restaurant. We reserve the right to amend or modify the existing PTP modules at any time, and we also
reserve the right to roll out to the System new or additional PTP modules. We in our sole discretion will
determine whether the completion of a particular module is required for a manager to achieve Popeyes
Certified Manager status.

          Throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement, you must employ at the Franchised Restaurant
at least one restaurant general manager and three or more shift managers who have satisfactorily completed
PTP for their applicable management roles at the Franchised Restaurant and who have a current ServSafe
Food Safety Certification (or state/local mandated equivalent certification). You must enroll a qualified
replacement in PTP training for any manager who ceases active employment at your Franchised Restaurant
within 30 days after the former employee’s last day of employment. The replacement employee must
complete all components of PTP for his/her applicable management role at the Franchised Restaurant.

       The Franchised Restaurant must at all times be under the on-site supervision of a Popeyes Certified
Manager, and the Managing Director must remain active in overseeing the operations of the Franchised
Restaurant, including regular, periodic visits to the Franchised Restaurant to ensure that the Franchised
Restaurant’s operations comply with our operating standards.

        PTP can last as long as six to ten weeks, the first two to four weeks of which consist of an orientation
and team member station training until the trainee meets our proficiency standards. The next four to six weeks
will cover leadership training as well as training modules for (as applicable) a restaurant general manager, and
shift manager. The remaining modules of PTP can last as long as 20 to 50 hours, in the aggregate.

        We designed certain segments of PTP as an in-restaurant training experience to educate you and/or
your managers in the essential areas of Popeyes-specific operations and quick-service restaurant basics. If
the Franchised Restaurant is your first Popeyes Restaurant, then PTP must be conducted at a Certified
Training Restaurant (as defined below) with at least one Certified Training Manager (as defined below),
whether such Popeyes Restaurant is company-operated or franchised and at such other training locations
designated by us. However, if the Franchised Restaurant is not your first Popeyes Restaurant (i.e. you
already own and operate one or more Popeyes Restaurants as of the date of this disclosure document), then
PTP must be conducted at either a Certified Training Restaurant or another location that we approve, so
long as at least one Certified Training Manager is present and conducting the training in question.

        The cost to facilitate PTP training at a franchised Popeyes Restaurant may vary from franchisee to
franchisee and must be paid by you before your trainees enter PTP training. Similarly, the cost to facilitate
PTP training at other locations designated by us may also vary and must be paid by you before your trainees

Item 11
03/2026                                                                                                  Page 50
