              B.      To adopt and use the Proprietary Marks licensed hereunder solely in the
        manner prescribed by Franchisor; and

                C.      To observe such reasonable requirements with respect to trademark
        registration notices as Franchisor may from time to time direct in the Manual or otherwise
        in writing.

        5.09. In order to preserve the validity and integrity of the Proprietary Marks licensed
herein and to assure that Franchisee is properly employing the same in the operation of the
Franchised Restaurant, Franchisor or its agents shall at all reasonable times have the right to inspect
Franchisee’s operations, premises, and Franchised Restaurant and make periodic evaluations of
the services provided and the products sold and used therein. Franchisee shall cooperate with
Franchisor’s representatives in such inspections and render such assistance to the representatives
as may reasonably be requested.

        5.10      Franchisee may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively,
“Feedback”) to the Franchisor with respect to the Popeyes System. Franchisee acknowledges that
Feedback is voluntary. Franchisee agrees that any Feedback shall become the exclusive property
of Franchisor and that Franchisor may use Feedback for any purpose without liability or
compensation to Franchisee or obligation of any kind to Franchisee. Franchisor shall have no
obligation to utilize any Feedback.

VI.     ORGANIZATION OF FRANCHISEE

       6.01.     Franchisee makes the following representations, warranties and covenants to
Franchisor:

                 A.      If Franchisee is a legal entity such as a business corporation, partnership,
        limited liability company or other legal entity, Franchisee represents, warrants and agrees
        that: (i) Franchisee is duly organized, in good standing, and validly existing under the laws
        of the state of its organization; (ii) Franchisee is duly qualified to transact business in (and
        is in good standing in) the state in which the Franchised Restaurant is located;
        (iii) Franchisee’s governing documents permit execution of this Agreement and the
        development and operation of the Franchised Restaurant; (iv) unless waived in writing by
        Franchisor, Franchisee’s governing documents shall at all times provide that Franchisee’s
        activities are restricted to those necessary solely for the development, ownership and
        operation of the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with this Agreement and any other
        agreements entered into with Franchisor or its affiliates; and (v) one owner of Franchisee
        is and shall be the chief executive officer or managing member of Franchisee, holding such
        office or offices as may be necessary to maintain and exercise the actual power and
        authority actively to direct the affairs of Franchisee.

               B.     If Franchisee is an individual, a group of individuals or a partnership
        comprised solely of individuals, Franchisee makes the following additional representations
        and warranties: (i) each individual has executed this Agreement; (ii) each individual shall
        be jointly and severally bound by, and personally liable for the timely and complete

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        13
Exhibit D (03/2026)
