management roles at the Franchised Restaurant shall be determined by Franchisor in its sole
discretion.

        8.02.     PTP consists of a blended learning approach and curriculum, including online
(including via an online learning management system designated by Franchisor), in-restaurant, and
training at locations designated by Franchisor. Franchisor reserves the right to amend or modify
existing PTP modules at any time, and Franchisor also reserves the right to roll out to the System
new or additional PTP modules. Whether the completion of a particular module is obligatory for
a manager to achieve Popeyes Certified Manager status shall be determined by Franchisor in its
discretion. The fees, costs, and expenses of conducting any PTP module shall be borne by
Franchisee. The cost to facilitate PTP training at a franchisee-operated Popeyes Restaurant may
vary from franchisee to franchisee and must be paid by Franchisee prior to trainees entering PTP.
Similarly, the cost to facilitate PTP training at other locations designated by Franchisor may also
vary and must be paid by Franchisee prior to trainees entering PTP training. The administration
of PTP shall be in such format designated by Franchisor in the Manual or otherwise in writing.

         8.03. If Franchisee’s management employees complete PTP to Franchisor’s satisfaction,
Franchisor will issue certificates of completion for these trainees. A management employee
(including the Managing Director) that successfully completes the designated segments of PTP for
his or her applicable management role at the Franchised Restaurant is designated as a “Popeyes
Certified Manager”. Throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement, Franchisee shall employ
at the Franchised Restaurant at least one (1) restaurant general manager and three (3) or more shift
managers who have satisfactorily completed all modules of PTP for their applicable management
role at the Franchised Restaurant and who have a current ServSafe Food Safety Certification (or
state/local mandated equivalent certification). Franchisee must enroll a qualified replacement in
PTP for any Popeyes Certified Manager who ceases active employment at the Franchised
Restaurant within thirty (30) days after the former employee’s last day of employment. The
replacement employee must complete all available modules of PTP for his or her applicable
management role at the Franchised Restaurant within six months of being hired in a management
position at the Franchised Restaurant.

          8.04. PTP is conducted at a Certified Training Restaurant (as defined below) with at least
one Certified Training Manager (as defined below), whether such restaurant is company-operated
or franchisee-operated, and at such other training locations designated by Franchisor; provided,
that, if the Franchised Restaurant is not Franchisee’s first Popeyes Restaurant (i.e. Franchisee owns
and operates one or more Popeyes Restaurants as of the effective date of this Agreement as set
forth on the Key Contract Data page), then PTP may be conducted at either a Certified Training
Restaurant or another location approved by Franchisor so long as at least one Certified Training
Manager is present and conducting the PTP in question. As used in this Agreement, (i) a
“Certified Training Manager” shall mean an individual designated by (and having the
qualifications set by) Franchisor (as more particularly set forth in the Manual or otherwise in
writing), and (ii) a “Certified Training Restaurant” shall mean a Popeyes Restaurant designated
by (and having the qualifications set by) Franchisor (as more particularly set forth in the Manual
or otherwise in writing).



Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       18
Exhibit D (03/2026)
