                                                 RECEIPT
                                                (Your Copy)
       This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other
information in plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.

        If Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to
you 14 calendar-days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, us or our affiliate in
connection with the proposed franchise sale or sooner if required by applicable state law. Michigan requires
that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the execution of any binding
franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.

         If Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains
a false or misleading statement or a material omission, a violation of federal and state law may have occurred
and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the appropriate state
administrators identified in Exhibit A.

        The franchisor is Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126,
(305) 378-7128.

          Issuance Date: March 20, 2026.

        The name, principal business address and telephone number of the franchise sellers offering Popeyes
Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. franchises are listed on Exhibit N. The franchise seller(s) for this Popeyes franchise
are noted on the Exhibit.

         Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. authorizes the respective agents identified on Exhibit A to receive
service of process for it in the particular state. This disclosure document is for use in the District of Columbia
and all states.

        I have received a disclosure document dated March 20, 2026 that included the following Exhibits (the
effective dates of this disclosure document in states with franchise registration laws are listed on the State
Effective Dates Page): A. Agents for Service of Process and State Administrators; B. Franchise Application;
C1. Target Reservation Agreement; C2. Multiple Target Reservation Agreement; C3. Development
Agreement; D. Franchise Agreement; E1. Owner’s Guaranty; E2. Managing Owner and Owner(s)
Certification; E3. Managing Director Certification; F. Renewal Amendment to Franchise Agreement;
G1. Development Incentive Program Addendum to the Franchise Agreement; G2. College Addendum to
Franchise Agreement; G3. Airport Restaurant Addendum to Franchise Agreement; G4. Advertising Fund and
Remodel Amendment to Franchise Agreement; H. Lease/Sublease; I. Brand Standards Manual Index; J1. List
of Developers; J2. List of Franchised Locations; J3. List of Franchisees that have Left the System; J4. List of
Company Locations; K. Addenda and Amendments Required by Certain States; L. Guarantees and Financial
Statements; M. Loan Documents; N. Potential Franchise Sellers.

Date Disclosure Document Received:

Signature                                                      Print Name

Date

Company Name                                                   Street Address

Telephone Number                                               City, State & Zip Code


Item 23                                    TO BE RETAINED BY YOU
03/2026
