                      days after notice thereof by Lessor to Lessee; or, if such performance cannot be
                      reasonably had within such thirty day period, Lessee has not in good faith commenced
                      such performance within such thirty day period or has not diligently proceeded therewith to
                      completion;

         (g)          If the Lessee or any agent of Lessee falsifies any report required to be furnished to Lessor
                      pursuant to the terms of this Lease and fails to notify Lessor of such falsification within sixty
                      (60) days of submission of such report.

         (h)          Repeated breaches of provisions of this Lease. If PLK intends to terminate this Lease
                      under this Section 8.1.(h), PLK shall provide notice to Lessee that PLK considers the
                      Lessee to have repeatedly breached this Lease, and that PLK intends to terminate this
                      Lease if Lessee breaches the Lease at any time after said notice. If Lessee after receiving
                      such notice subsequently breaches this Lease in any manner, PLK shall have the right to
                      terminate this Lease upon notice with no further opportunity to cure.

         (i)          Failure by Lessee to comply with any provisions of the Franchise Agreement relating to the
                      Premises.

    In the event of a default under this Section 8.1, Lessor shall have such remedies as are provided under
    this Lease and/or under applicable law.

§8.2 CURE BY LESSOR. After expiration of the applicable period of notice, or without notice in the event
of any emergency, Lessor at its option may, but shall not be obligated to, make any payment required of
Lessee or perform any obligation of Lessee, and the amount Lessor pays, or the cost of its performance,
together with interest thereon at the highest legal rate permitted, shall be deemed to be an additional charge
payable by Lessee on demand. Lessor shall have the right to enter the Premises for the purpose of
correcting or remedying any default, but neither any expenditure nor any such performance by Lessor shall
be deemed to waive or release Lessee’s default or the right of Lessor to take such action as may be
otherwise permissible in the case of default. The Lessor shall have no liability to the Lessee for any loss
or damages resulting from any such action by the Lessor, and entry by the Lessor under the provisions of
Article V or Article VIII shall not constitute breach of the covenant for quiet enjoyment or an eviction.

§8.3 LESSOR’S REMEDIES. If Lessee is in default under this Lease, Lessor may, at its option, in addition
to such other remedies as may be available under applicable law:

         (a)          terminate this Lease and Lessee’s right of possession, and retake possession for Lessor’s
                      account. In such event, Lessor may repair and alter the Premises in any manner as Lessor
                      deems reasonably necessary or advisable. All expenses of every nature which Lessor may
                      incur such as (by way of illustration and not limitation) those for attorneys’ fees, brokerage,
                      advertising, and refurbishing the Premises, shall become immediately due and payable by
                      Lessee to Lessor, or

         (b)          terminate Lessee’s right of possession, but not this Lease, retake possession of the
                      Premises for the Lessee’s account, repair, and alter the Premises in any manner as Lessor
                      deems reasonably necessary or advisable, and relet the Premises or any part of it, as the
                      agent of Lessee, for the whole or any part of the remainder of the Term or for a longer
                      period, and Lessor may grant concessions or free rent or charge a higher rental than that
                      reserved in this Lease. Out of any rent collected or received from subtenants or as a result
                      of such letting or reletting, Lessor shall first pay to itself all expenses of every nature which
                      Lessor may incur such as (by way of illustration and not limitation) those for attorneys’ fees,
                      brokerage, advertising, and refurbishing the Premises in good order or preparing them for
                      reletting; and second, Lessor shall pay to itself any balance remaining on account of the
                      liability of Lessee for the sum equal to all Rent, Additional Rent and other Additional

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                            14
