Notes:

1/        Prior to April 1, 2025, the principal business address of FOA and FRG was 12735 Gran Bay
          Parkway, Suite 150 Jacksonville, Florida 32258.

2/        FOA has been operating and franchising the operation of Firehouse Subs® restaurants in the United
          States since December 2004 and before that its parent, FRG (formerly Firehouse Restaurant Group,
          Inc.) operated and franchised the operation of Firehouse Subs® restaurants in the United States
          from February 1995 until December 2004. FOA also offers development rights and offered area
          representative franchise rights from April 2005 to December 2021.

Popeyes Restaurants

         Popeyes Restaurants are quick service restaurants offering a limited menu of lunch and dinner
products, and in certain Popeyes Restaurants approved by us, breakfast products. Popeyes distinguishes
itself with a unique “Louisiana” style menu featuring fried bone-in chicken, chicken sandwiches, chicken
tenders, wings, and regional items. “Popeyes Restaurants are located in many different communities and
different locations within communities including free-standing buildings, store-front locations, and mall
locations, in urban and suburban locations. A Popeyes Restaurant may feature a walk-in format, drive-thru,
sit-down, takeout, delivery, or some combination of these types of formats, with our approval. Over the
years we have offered multiple images for our Popeyes Restaurants. The current approved image is the
NOLA Makers image.

The Franchise

        You may become a Franchisee either by developing a new Popeyes Restaurant or by purchasing an
existing Popeyes Restaurant. You must meet all of our requirements to be approved by us to become a
franchisee or expand within the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen® System in North America. You must sign a
Target Reservation Agreement (“TRA”) (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit C1) to develop
one Popeyes Restaurant or a Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (“MTRA”) (a copy of the current
form is attached as Exhibit C2) to develop more than one Popeyes Restaurants.

         We may permit you to open multiple Popeyes Restaurants within a defined area we refer to as a
“Territory” under a Development Agreement (“Development Agreement”), in the form attached at Exhibit
C3. Under a Development Agreement, you must make a commitment to sign separate Franchise Agreements
for, and open, the number and type of Popeyes Restaurants that we agree upon in the Territory according to
a Development Schedule during the term of the Development Agreement. You must sign the current form
of Franchise Agreement that we are using at the time we require you to sign the Franchise Agreement for
each Popeyes Restaurant opened under a Development Agreement. Under a Development Agreement, only
traditional Popeyes Restaurants and certain non-traditional in-line and food court Popeyes Restaurants count
towards your development obligations.

         For each Popeyes Restaurant that you develop under a Development Agreement, a TRA or an
MTRA, you will sign our then-current form of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Franchise Agreement. The terms
of these agreements may differ from the form attached to this Disclosure Document.

        Our current form of Franchise Agreement is attached as Exhibit D. Under the Franchise
Agreement, we grant you the right (and you accept the responsibility) to establish and operate a Franchised
Restaurant for the full term of the Franchise Agreement. You must operate the Franchised Restaurant under
the “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen” name and under the Popeyes System, which includes our business and
operating procedures, as described in our Brand Standards Manual, our Standard Operating Procedures
Library, and such other operating standards, specifications, procedures and techniques that we may


Item 1
03/2026                                                                                              Page 5
