                                                         PREPAYMENT ADDENDUM
                                                         Agreement No. ++AppNumAS++
                                                          Customer: ++CustNameAS++


This Prepayment Addendum (“Addendum”) sets forth your right to prepay the transaction evidenced by the agreement identified above (“Agreement”).
Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Addendum shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

Provided no default under the Agreement has occurred and is continuing as of the Prepayment Date (as defined below), you may prepay the
Agreement, in whole but not in part, on any business day by paying Ascentium the “Unpaid Balance” in immediately available funds.

The Unpaid Balance shall equal, as of the date of the receipt by Ascentium of the Unpaid Balance (such date, the “Prepayment Date”), the sum of (i)
the Principal Balance plus (ii) the Prepayment Fee plus (iii) any Additional Amounts (each as defined below) due under the Agreement.

“Principal Balance” means:
           (a) The sum of all unpaid Payments, less all unearned interest, that are due and to become due under the Agreement; plus
           (b) Ascentium’s unamortized initial direct costs for the transaction evidenced by the Agreement.

“Prepayment Fee” means:
     a) 3% of the Principal Balance if the Prepayment Date is on or before Ascentium’s receipt of the 12th Payment, or
     b) 2% of the Principal Balance if the Prepayment Date is following Ascentium’s receipt of the 12th Payment but on or before its receipt of the
        24th Payment; or
     c) 1% of the Principal Balance if the Prepayment Date is following Ascentium’s receipt of the 24th Payment.

“Additional Amounts” means (i) all other amounts (excluding Payments) due and owing under the Agreement as of the Prepayment Date, (ii) all known
tax and insurance payments, if any, that we expect to pay on your behalf under the Agreement after the Prepayment Date but attributable to the period
prior to the Prepayment Date, and (iii) all applicable taxes, if any, arising out of the prepayment.

Ascentium shall specify the Unpaid Balance which, absent manifest error, shall be binding and conclusive. Your prepayment pursuant to this Addendum
does not release you from your indemnity obligations or your obligation to reimburse us for any taxes, insurance or other expenses we pay on your
behalf under the Agreement after the Prepayment Date that were not included in the Unpaid Balance calculation.

Partial prepayments are not permitted. If you pay more than the current amount due under the Agreement, Ascentium may (i) apply the excess amount
to the Payment(s) due at the end of the payment term or (ii) return the excess amount to you. If we apply the excess amount to Payment(s) due at the
end of the term, the number of your remaining Payments will be reduced but the total amount of Payments set forth in the Agreement will not change
including the interest calculated.

If you desire to prepay the Agreement in full, please contact Ascentium at customerservice@ascentiumcapital.com or 866-846-3646 to receive your
current Unpaid Balance.

This Addendum is part of the Agreement. Except as expressly set forth in this Addendum, the Agreement remains unchanged and in full force and
effect. You agree that a facsimile or other copy of this Addendum, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of an originally executed copy for all
purposes.


                                                                               Very truly yours,




                                                                               Regions Bank d/b/a Ascentium Capital




3136-20240119
