   Table of Contents

valuation allowance reduces deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized.

        We recognize positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return in the Financial Statements when it is more-likely-than-not
(i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax
position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit with greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.

      Translation gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities denominated in a
currency other than the functional currency are classified as other operating expenses (income), net in the consolidated statements of
operations.

  Share-based Compensation

       Compensation expense related to the issuance of share-based awards to our employees is measured at fair value on the grant
date. The fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is generally based on the closing price of RBI's common shares on the trading
day preceding the date of grant. Our total shareholder return and if applicable our total shareholder return relative to our peer group is
incorporated into the underlying assumptions using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model to calculate grant date fair value for
performance based awards with a market condition. Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price or market value equal to
the closing price of RBI common shares on the trading day preceding the date of grant. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is
used to value stock options. The compensation expense for awards that vest over a future service period is recognized over the
requisite service period on a straight-line basis, adjusted for estimated forfeitures of awards that are not expected to vest. We use
historical data to estimate forfeitures for share-based awards. The compensation expense for awards that contain performance
conditions is recognized when it becomes probable that the performance conditions will be achieved.

  Reclassifications

       Certain prior year amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial
statements have been reclassified in order to be comparable with the current year classifications. These reclassifications did not arise
as a result of any changes to accounting policies and relate entirely to presentation with no effect on previously reported net income.

  New Accounting Pronouncements

       Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures – In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued
guidance that expands income tax disclosures for public entities, including requiring enhanced disclosures related to the rate
reconciliation and income taxes paid information. The guidance is effective for annual disclosures for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The guidance should be applied on a prospective basis, with retrospective
application to all prior periods presented in the financial statements permitted. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we elected to adopt
this guidance prospectively and added necessary disclosures upon adoption as disclosed in Note 17, Income Taxes.

       Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses – In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires disclosure of
disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items. The guidance is effective for annual disclosures for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and subsequent interim periods with early adoption permitted, and requires
retrospective application to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact this new
guidance will have on our disclosures upon adoption and expect to provide additional detail and disclosures under this new guidance.

       Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets - In July 2025, the FASB issued guidance that
provides a practical expedient that all entities can use to simplify the estimation of expected credit losses for current accounts
receivable and current contract assets arising from transactions accounted for under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. Under this practical expedient, an entity is allowed to assume that the current conditions it has applied in determining
credit loss allowances for current accounts receivable and current contract assets remain unchanged for the remaining life of those
assets. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2025, and interim reporting periods in
those years, with early adoption permitted. Entities that elect the practical expedient are required to apply the amendments
prospectively. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2026, and the adoption did not have a material impact on our financial
statements or disclosures.

       Internal-Use Software - In September 2025, the FASB issued guidance to clarify and modernize the accounting for costs related
to internal-use software and requires an entity to start capitalizing software costs when both of the following occur: (1) Management
has authorized and committed to funding the software project; and (2) It is probable that the project will be completed and the software
will be used to perform the function intended. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2027, and interim reporting periods in those years, with early adoption permitted. Entities may apply the new guidance using a
prospective, retrospective, or modified transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact this new guidance will have on our


                                                                    17
