                                     AMENDMENT TO
                                  FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                             REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS

        In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, the
parties to the attached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”)
agree as follows:

       1.      Section 2.02. of the Agreement shall be amended to add the following new
subsection H., which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:

                       H.     Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise
                agreement are set forth in sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise
                Disclosure Act.

        2.     Section XV of the Agreement shall be amended to add the following new Section
15.06., which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:

                       15.06. Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise
                agreement are set forth in sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise
                Disclosure Act.

        3.      Section 16.02. of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no
force or effect; and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof:

                        16.02. Franchisor shall have the right (but not the duty unless
                required by Section 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987), to
                be exercised by notice of intent to do so within thirty (30) days after
                termination or expiration of this Agreement, to purchase any and all
                improvements, equipment, advertising and promotional materials,
                ingredients, products, materials, supplies, paper goods and any items
                bearing Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks at current fair market value. If the
                parties cannot agree on a fair market value within a reasonable time, an
                independent appraiser shall be designated by Franchisor, and his or her
                determination of fair market value shall be binding. If Franchisor elects to
                exercise any option to purchase herein provided, it shall have the right to
                set-off all amounts due from Franchisee under this Agreement and the cost
                of the appraisal, if any, against any payment therefore.

        4.      Section 22.01. of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no
force or effect; and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof:

                        22.01. This Agreement, the Key Contract Data page to this
                Agreement, the documents referred to herein, and the exhibits hereto,
                constitute the entire, full and complete agreement between Franchisor and
                Franchisee concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all
State of Illinois Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                                (Page 1 of 3)
