must pay Ascentium a late charge of 10% of the payment amount (not to exceed the highest rate allowed by
applicable law) (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 9). Ascentium may charge you
a return check or return ACH charge of $30 for any payment which is returned by the bank for any reason
(not to exceed the maximum amount permitted by law) (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement –
Section 9).

         You must insure the collateral, at your cost, against all loss during the term of the loan. If you fail
to satisfy your insurance obligations, Ascentium may obtain insurance on its collateral, and you must pay
Ascentium all charges for obtaining the insurance including its administrative fees (Ascentium Capital
Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 6).

         You waive your right to reduction or set-off and any issues relating to the collateral must be
resolved directly with the supplier (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Sections 4 & 5).
Any disputes concerning the loan must be venued in Alabama. You waive your right to a jury trial and to
assert improper venue (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 12).

        Ascentium can assign the loan and its interest in any collateral. If it assigns the loan or its interest
in the collateral the rights of the assignee will not be subject to any claims, defenses or set-offs you had
against Ascentium (Ascentium Capital Equipment Finance Agreement – Section 10).

       A copy of the finance agreement proposed by Ascentium is attached to this disclosure document as
Exhibit M.

LEAF Capital Financing Program

          We have entered into an agreement with LEAF Capital Funding, LLC (“LEAF”), a third-party
equipment lender, under which LEAF will offer financing to our Franchisees who meet their requirements
to finance the cost of the purchase of certain equipment for a Restaurant. Depending on various factors,
the amount of this financing will range from $5000 to $2,000,000.

           Franchisees will pay monthly payments of principal and interest accruing on the loan. The
repayment period depends on the size of the loan and monthly payment amount considerations but is
generally between 24 and 84 months. Interest rates will be fixed at the time the loan is funded based on
various factors including length of term, loan amount, changes in rates, your credit history and operating
history, and other relevant risk factors. As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, the rate of
interest ranges from 8.25%- 12.50%% per annum. Loan terms are typically 2 to 7 years (depending upon
the circumstances). You may not make any prepayments. (LEAF Capital Finance Agreement – Section 2)

          To be eligible for a loan from LEAF, you must not be in default under your Franchise Agreement
with us and you must meet the credit requirements of LEAF. The loan will be secured by the equipment
you are obtaining with the loan proceeds (LEAF Capital Finance Agreement – Section 1). LEAF may
require as a condition to making any loan that your owners and your affiliates personally guarantee your
obligations to LEAF.

           You will be in default under your loan if you fail to make payments in a timely manner; if you or
any guarantor become insolvent, file a petition in bankruptcy, make an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or admit the inability to pay debts as they become due; if you or any guarantor terminate existence
or take any action to cease or wind up your business affairs; you otherwise breach or default under any
agreement with LEAF; or you merge, consolidate with, or sell substantially all of your assets or a majority
of your ownership interests to any third party without LEAF’s prior written consent; or you or any guarantor


Item 10
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 44
