programming based on your needs and requests. These ongoing services typically range from $300 to $500
per month. The initial and ongoing costs of BOH Systems vary widely based on which form they take. For
example, Cloud-based solutions generally have monthly subscription fees, but limited upfront costs. In
contrast, BOH software applications running on the computer system typically have an upfront purchase
price ranging from $2,000 to $10,000 and annual software maintenance and support fees in the range of
$2,000 to $4,200.

        The POS and BOH approved vendors will provide help desk support, ongoing hardware, software
and menu maintenance, reporting capabilities, repairs and upgrades to the POS and BOH Systems on an as
needed basis as may be required by you. There are no limitations in the Franchise Agreement regarding
the cost of such required support, maintenance, repairs, or upgrades relating to these systems, however,
annual costs generally range from $3,000 to $6,500 per Popeyes Restaurant for each of the POS and BOH
Systems and varies based on the specific vendor and product. It is your responsibility to ensure that your
POS and BOH Systems are kept up to date with the latest versions and patches available from your POS
and BOH vendors.

        The initial costs to purchase and install the kiosk package typically ranges from $17,000 to $26,000
depending upon the kiosk configuration. Ongoing services typically range from $1,000 to $1,200 annually
per kiosk screen.

         As mentioned in Item 6, you must pay us a Consumer Ordering Technology Fee. This fee consists
of a monthly fixed amount of $200 per Restaurant, plus 1% of “Digital Sales” which includes all sales
facilitated by our digital platforms (such as the POPEYES® mobile app and website, kiosk, white label
delivery, third party delivery and loyalty transactions). Currently, the Consumer Ordering Technology Fee
is capped for each calendar year at $6,500 per Restaurant

         You must use gift cards and gift card processing systems specified by us at your restaurants.
Additionally, you must comply with all applicable legal, regulatory, credit card and gift card requirements
and brand standards regarding the use of information technology in your business and restaurants, and we
may require you to use, and directly contract with, certain approved third-party vendors, and in some cases
a single approved third-party vendor, for some or all of your managed firewall, other technology security
compliance and/or credit card or government requirements related to the transmission/processing of credit
card transactions and information. You must purchase or lease, install, and use pinpads provided by our
approved supplier, and you must also use our approved supplier to process all credit card and debit card
transactions.

         You must have a secure managed firewall that meets our standards. You must enter into a
contractual relationship directly with our approved managed firewall vendor. There are no limitations in
the Franchise Agreement regarding the cost of such required support, maintenance, repairs, or upgrades
related to these systems; however, initial costs generally range from $0 to $1500, with current annual costs
of approximately $3,000.

        Neither we nor any affiliate has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades
or updates for any of the systems disclosed above nor do any third parties unless disclosed above. We can
require you to upgrade or update any of the systems or other items disclosed above during the term of your
Franchise Agreement and there is no limitation on the frequency or cost.

Computer System

       You must purchase a computer system (separate and apart from the POS and BOH Systems) that
meets our standards and specifications for training, communications and access to other Internet-based

Item 11
03/2026                                                                                              Page 54
