        4.5.2 PLK assumes no liability or responsibility for: (a) evaluation of an approved Site’s soil for
hazardous substance; (b) inspection of any structure on the approved Site for asbestos or other toxic or
hazardous materials; (c) compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act (the “ADA”); or (d) compliance
with any other applicable law. It is Developer’s sole responsibility to obtain satisfactory evidence and/or
assurances that the approved Site (and any structures thereon) is free from environmental contamination
and in compliance with the requirements of the ADA.

         4.5.3 If Developer proposes to lease or sublease the Site, the lease or sublease shall not contain
any covenants, use clauses or other obligations that would prevent Developer from performing its
obligations under the applicable Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant.

         4.5.4 All Franchised Restaurants must be constructed, equipped and furnished in accordance
with PLK approved plans and specifications (the “Construction Plans”). Prior to construction, Developer
must obtain from PLK written architectural and design approval of Developer's plans as indicated by
issuance of a restaurant number (“PLK #”). Developer must obtain PLK’s approval of the type of facility,
site layout, and equipment configuration for each Franchised Restaurant, including the building design,
style, size, interior decor, type of equipment, service format and equipment arrangement (“Construction
Approval”). For the avoidance of doubt, Construction Approval solely indicates PLK’s approval of the
Franchised Restaurant design in accordance with the Construction Plans.

          4.5.5 PLK assumes no liability for the adequacy of any Construction Plan. Developer assumes
all cost, liability and expense for developing, constructing and equipping the Franchised Restaurant. It shall
be Developer’s responsibility to have prepared Construction Plans to suit the shape and dimensions of the
Site, and Developer shall ensure that the Construction Plans comply with applicable ordinances, ADA
requirements, building codes and permit requirements and with lease requirements and restrictions.
Developer shall obtain and use only registered architects, registered engineers, and professional and
licensed contractors who demonstrate to PLK’s reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet PLK’s reasonable
quality standards (as determined by PLK in its reasonable discretion), in each case, to prepare the
Construction Plans (including surveys and site and foundation plans), to adapt the Construction Plans to
applicable local or state laws, regulations or ordinances, and to construct the Franchised Restaurant.
Developer shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of all Construction
Plans including the costs and expenses incurred for any plans containing deviations or modifications from
PLK’s standard plans and specifications. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Franchised Restaurant may
not open if construction has not been performed in substantial compliance with the Construction Plans as
approved by PLK. PLK may terminate this Agreement if such non-compliance is not cured within a
commercially reasonable amount of time.

        4.5.6 Developer shall complete the construction of the Franchised Restaurant and commence
operation of the Franchised Restaurant (the “Opening Date”) by no later than the End Date of the applicable
Term Year as specified on Exhibit B.

4.6      Right to Open a Franchised Restaurant. At least forty-five (45) days prior to the proposed Opening
Date of each Franchised Restaurant, Developer shall notify PLK in writing of such proposed opening. Upon
receipt of such notice, PLK may provide a representative to be present at the opening of the first Franchised
Restaurant. The first Franchised Restaurant shall not be opened unless such representative is present.
Thereafter, each Franchised Restaurant shall not open until Developer has received PLK’s prior written
approval to open. Should commencement of operation of the first Franchised Restaurant be delayed by
the failure of PLK to provide such a representative, the date upon which commencement of operation of
such Franchised Restaurant is required pursuant to this Agreement shall be extended until such time as
such assistance is provided by PLK. Should Developer reschedule the opening date of Developer’s first
Franchised Restaurant less than thirty (30) days prior to the date scheduled with PLK, Developer shall
reimburse PLK for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by PLK in connection with the reschedule, unless
such delay was caused solely by PLK or as otherwise agreed to by PLK in writing.

Popeyes Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
                                                      4
