        entered into by Franchisee or an Affiliate of Franchisee, and Franchisor, or any parent,
        subsidiary, affiliate, predecessor or successor to Franchisor;

               J.     If Franchisee defaults more than once in any twelve (12) month period
        under this Agreement for failure to substantially comply with any of the requirements
        imposed by this Agreement, whether or not cured after notice;

               K.      If Franchisee refuses to permit Franchisor or its agents to enter upon the
        premises of the Franchised Restaurant to conduct any periodic inspection as set forth in
        Sections 5.09. and 10.05.H. hereof;

               L.     If Franchisee uses any of Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks in any
        unauthorized manner or is otherwise in default of the provisions of Section V hereof;

               M.      If Franchisee fails to meet the requirements of Section 10.20 hereof,
        including demonstrating full PCI/DSS compliance through means requested by Franchisor,
        as Franchisor may elect in its reasonable discretion;

               N.     If Franchisee sells or offers for sale any products and menu items that have
        not been expressly approved for sale in writing by Franchisor, contrary to the terms of
        Section 10.05.B hereof;

               O.      If Franchisee sells any approved products or menu items that deviate from
        Franchisor’s standards and specifications for serving or selling such items, without
        Franchisor’s prior written consent, contrary to the terms of Section 10.05.B hereof;

               P.      If Franchisee continues to sell or offer for sale any products or menu items that
        Franchisor disapproves in writing at any time, contrary to the terms of Section 10.05.B; or

                Q.       If (A) Franchisee, the Managing Owner or the Managing Director engages
        in conduct which is deleterious to or reflects unfavorably on Franchisee, the Franchisor’s
        Proprietary Marks or the System by exhibiting a reckless disregard for the physical and
        mental well-being of employees, customers, Franchisor representatives or the public at
        large including, but not limited to, battery, assault, sexual harassment or other forms of
        threatening, outrageous, willfully discriminatory or unacceptable behavior, or (B)
        Franchisee, the Managing Owner, the Managing Director or any other owner of legal or
        beneficial interests in the Franchisee engages in conduct which, in Franchisor’s sole
        judgment, adversely affects the reputation of the Franchised Restaurant, the System, or the
        goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks. An act of default under this Section
        15.02.Q does not require any criminal action to be brought against Franchisee, the
        Managing Owner, the Managing Director or any other such owner of legal or beneficial
        interest in the Franchisee.

                R.     If (A) Franchisee fails to make prompt payment of undisputed bills, invoices
        or statements from suppliers of goods or services to the Franchised Restaurant or (B)


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        41
Exhibit D (03/2026)
