                                 NOTES TO TABLES I THROUGH V

        1.      Sales shown in these tables include all sales generated in the Popeyes Restaurant in 2025
and reported to us, excluding refunds and sales taxes. This is consistent with the definition of Gross Sales
in our Franchise Agreement. Sales volumes vary considerably due to a variety of factors, such as
demographics of the restaurant trade area, competition from other restaurants in the trade area, traffic
flow, accessibility and visibility, economic conditions in the restaurant trade area, advertising and
promotional activities, and the business abilities and efforts of the management of the restaurant.

        2.       For franchised Popeyes Restaurants, the sales information disclosed in this Item 19 is
taken from reports provided to us by these franchisees or from information we were able to obtain via the
franchisees’ point of sale systems. Franchisee expense information disclosed in this Item 19 is taken from
Restaurant-level income statements submitted by franchisees. We have not audited the royalty or income
statement reports submitted by franchisees. For Company-owned Popeyes Restaurants, the sales
information is taken from our accounting systems.

        3.        Any Restaurant that was open for less than 15 days in any one month period during 2025
that did not permanently close was excluded from the tables above as a temporary closure. This is
consistent with how we consider these Restaurants in our System. Restaurants that were temporarily
closed, closed for reasons that include the following: a fire at the Restaurant, a remodel of the Restaurant,
construction in the surrounding environment, municipal/state/federal actions, and other operational issues
leading to the irregular closure of the Restaurant.

        4.      Some Popeyes Restaurants have sold and earned these amounts. Your individual
results may differ. There is no assurance that you’ll sell or earn as much.

        5.      Food and Paper Costs consist of the total costs of food and beverage items as well as the
cost of paper and packaging supplies in each sales range described. Not all franchisees used the same
reporting method. If a franchisee separately reported shipping and carbonation costs, then we added those
costs to the franchisee’s Food and Paper Costs. Food and Paper Costs may vary depending upon a
Popeyes Restaurant’s location, menu, variances in prices, temporary shortages, participation in
cooperative or distribution programs and control over costs. Popeyes Restaurants purchase many items
used in the operation of the Popeyes Restaurants under purchasing arrangements and contracts that
Supply Management Services, Inc., Popeyes’ third-party purchasing cooperative, negotiates with
suppliers and distributors, which may have permitted the Popeyes Restaurants to purchase and have those
items delivered at a volume discount. To the extent these arrangements are changed or are not available to
you in your market, these costs could increase.

         6.      Labor Costs include costs for restaurant level hourly and management labor including
salaries, workers compensation insurance, workers medical claims, bonuses, FICA, payroll taxes,
unemployment insurance, medical benefits, vacation pay, holiday pay, other pay, sick pay, contract labor,
fringe benefits and training. Labor Costs do not include an owner’s draw. Costs related to district
managers, area managers, life insurance, maintenance labor and auto expenses are not included in the
results. However, if a franchisee did not separately report these costs on their profit and loss statement,
then these costs could be included in the franchised Popeyes Restaurant’s results. Your Labor Costs will
be affected by the amount of vacation time and vacation pay that you provide to your employees, the rate
of employee turnover, the local labor market, applicable minimum or “living” wage laws and health or
other mandated benefits, and your control over costs. The costs of providing group health insurance for
employees and workers’ compensation insurance will vary depending on many factors, including the
extent and amount of coverage provided, the loss experience of the group, which insurance provider is
chosen and potential coverage requirements mandated by governmental regulation. Therefore, you may
encounter higher relative costs in obtaining comparable insurance coverage.

Item 19
03/2026                                                                                               Page 94
