   Table of Contents

       We completed our impairment tests for goodwill and the Brands as of October 1, 2025, 2024, and 2023 and no impairment
resulted. During 2025, we conducted a quantitative assessment for the Firehouse Brand and the Firehouse and Carrols Burger King
reporting units, while all other Brands and reporting units were assessed qualitatively. The fair values of the Firehouse Brand and
reporting unit exceeded their carrying values by more than 20%. The Carrols Burger King reporting unit fair value was not
substantially in excess of its carrying value, at approximately 7.0% above its carrying value of $1,000 million.

  Long-Lived Assets

       Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, intangible assets subject to amortization, and lease right-of-use assets, are
tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset or asset group may
not be recoverable. Some of the events or changes in circumstances that would trigger an impairment review include, but are not
limited to, bankruptcy proceedings or other significant financial distress of a lessee; significant negative industry or economic trends;
knowledge of transactions involving the sale of similar property at amounts below the carrying value; or our expectation to dispose of
long-lived assets before the end of their estimated useful lives. The impairment test for long-lived assets requires us to assess the
recoverability of long-lived assets by comparing their net carrying value to the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows
directly associated with and arising from use and eventual disposition of the assets or asset group. Long-lived assets are grouped for
recognition and measurement of impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash
flows of other assets. If the net carrying value of a group of long-lived assets exceeds the sum of related undiscounted estimated future
cash flows, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess, if any, of the net carrying value over fair value.

  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

       Other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”) refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are included in comprehensive
income (loss), but are excluded from net income (loss) as these amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to shareholders’ equity,
net of tax. Our other comprehensive income (loss) is primarily comprised of unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency
translation adjustments and unrealized gains and losses on hedging activity, net of tax.

  Derivative Financial Instruments

      We recognize and measure all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.
Derivative instruments accounted for as net investments hedges are classified as long term assets and liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets. We may enter into derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes, but which
largely offset the economic impact of certain transactions.

     Gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in earnings or recorded in other
comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings,
depending on the purpose of the derivatives and whether they qualify for, and we have applied, hedge accounting treatment.

      When applying hedge accounting, we designate at a derivative’s inception, the specific assets, liabilities, or future commitments
being hedged, and assess the hedge’s effectiveness at inception and on an ongoing basis. We discontinue hedge accounting when:
(i) we determine that the cash flow derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a hedged item; (ii) the
derivative expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised; (iii) it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur; or
(iv) management determines that designation of the derivatives as a hedge instrument is no longer appropriate. We do not enter into or
hold derivatives for speculative purposes.

  Disclosures about Fair Value

       Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants in the principal market, or if none exists, the most advantageous market, for the specific asset or liability
at the measurement date (the exit price). The fair value is based on assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
asset or liability. The fair values are assigned a level within the fair value hierarchy, depending on the source of the inputs into the
calculation, as follows:

      Level 1 Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

      Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability either directly or
indirectly.

      Level 3 Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.

     The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, and accounts and drafts payable
approximate fair value based on the short-term nature of these amounts.



                                                                     14
