                                             ARTICLE XII: SEVERABILITY

If any of the provisions of this Agreement may be construed in more than one way, one or more of which would
render the provision illegal or otherwise void, voidable or unenforceable, and one of which would render the
provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall have the meaning which renders it valid and enforceable. This
Agreement shall be construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly against any Party. If any court or other
government authority determines that any provision is not enforceable as written, the Parties agree that the
provision shall be amended so that it is enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public
policies of the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought and affords the Parties the same basic rights and
obligations and has the same economic effect. If any provision is held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such
findings shall not invalidate the remainder of this Agreement.

                                          ARTICLE XIII: ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the development
of Franchised Restaurants and supersedes all prior negotiations, commitments, representations, warranties and
undertakings of the Parties (if any) with respect to the development of Franchised Restaurants, whether written or
oral. The Parties acknowledge that they are not relying upon any representations, warranties, conditions,
agreements or understandings, written or oral, made by the Parties as their agents or representatives, except as
herein specified. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations
PLK made in the Franchise Disclosure Document it furnished to Developer. Neither this Agreement nor any term or
provision of it may be changed, waived, discharged, or modified other than in writing and signed by the Parties.

                                         ARTICLE XIV: ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

14.1     Developer acknowledges that the success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement involves
substantial business risks and will be largely dependent upon the ability of Developer as an independent businessperson.
PLK expressly disclaims the making of, and Developer acknowledges not having received, any warranty or guaranty,
expressed or implied, as to the potential volume, profits, or success of the business venture contemplated by this
Agreement.

14.2     Developer acknowledges that Developer has received, read, and understands this Agreement, the exhibits
hereto, and agreements relating hereto, if any; and PLK has accorded Developer ample time and opportunity to consult
with advisors of Developer’s own choosing about the potential benefits and risks of entering into this Agreement.

14.3     Developer acknowledges that Developer has received the Franchise Disclosure Document required by the Trade
Regulation Rule of the Federal Trade Commission entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning
Franchising”, also known as the "Franchise Rule", at least fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the date on which this
Agreement was executed.

                                            ARTICLE XV: MISCELLANEOUS

15.1  Notice. Any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, authorization, designation, specification or other
communication given or made to or by a party to this Agreement:

(a)      must be in writing and addressed:

         (i) if to PLK to:                    POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC.
                                              5707 Blue Lagoon Drive
                                              Miami, Florida 33126
                                              Attn.: General Counsel

         (ii) if to Developer to:   the address specified in the above recitals as Developer’s address or Developer's

Popeyes Development Agreement
Exhibit C3 (03/2026)
                                                        15
