         7.      Other Costs include all royalties paid to us, advertising fund contributions paid to us,
rental and other occupancy expenses, utilities expenses, small equipment repair and maintenance,
insurance, and other miscellaneous costs including, security, local store marketing, recruiting expenses,
consumer ordering technology fees, training platform fees, PLK Foundation fees, uniforms, kitchen
supplies, cleaning supplies, dining supplies, trash hauling, IT/communications and other subscription
fees, such as digital menu board and POS menu maintenance fees.

         8.      EBITDA, or Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization, is
calculated as follows: Annual Sales minus Food and Paper Costs minus Labor Costs minus Other Costs.
EBITDA does not include any non-cash expenses such as depreciation, gains and losses on the sale of
assets, impairment or disposal of assets and amortization of business value, franchise fees, or loan fees.

        Written substantiation for the information appearing in these financial performance
representations will be made available to you upon reasonable request.

        Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such
representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may
provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other financial performance
information or projections of your future income, you should report it to our management by contacting
Tiffany Ahmed, Vice President, Finance at (305) 378-7374, the Federal Trade Commission, and the
appropriate state regulatory agencies.

              [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



4919-2194-5240, v. 5




Item 19
03/2026                                                                                            Page 95
