period included in the Quarterly Statement. In the event Franchisee prepares financial statements
on the basis of thirteen (13), four (4) week periods (“Periods”), the Quarterly Statements shall be
submitted within thirty (30) days following the end of the fourth (4th), seventh (7th), tenth (10th)
and thirteenth (13th) Periods.

        4.04. Annual Financial Statements. Franchisee shall, at its expense, submit to Franchisor
within ninety (90) days following the end of each calendar or fiscal year during the Term of this
Agreement, an unaudited financial statement for the preceding calendar or fiscal year, including
an income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow, with such detail and in a format as
Franchisor may reasonably require, together with a certificate executed by Franchisee certifying
that such financial statement is true and accurate (“Annual Financial Statements”) and such other
information in such form as Franchisor may reasonably require. Upon written request from
Franchisor, the foregoing Annual Financial Statement shall include a profit and loss statement and
balance sheet for the Franchised Restaurant, and shall be prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. In the event Franchisee defaults under this Agreement, Franchisor
may require, upon written notice to Franchisee, that all Annual Financial Statements submitted
thereafter include a “Review Report” prepared by an independent Certified Public Accountant.

       4.05. Other Reports. Franchisee shall also submit to Franchisor, for review or auditing,
such other forms, financial statements, reports, records, information and data as Franchisor may
reasonably designate, in the form and at the times and places reasonably required by Franchisor,
upon request and as specified from time-to-time in the Manual or otherwise in writing. If
Franchisee has combined or consolidated financial information relating to the Franchised
Restaurant with that of any other business or businesses, including a business licensed by
Franchisor, Franchisee shall simultaneously submit to Franchisor, for review or auditing, the
forms, reports, records and financial statements (including the Quarterly Statements and Annual
Financial Statements) which contain the detailed financial information relating to the Franchised
Restaurant, separate and apart from the financial information of such other businesses. Franchisee
hereby authorizes all of its suppliers and distributors to release to Franchisor, upon Franchisor’s
request, any and all of its books, records, accounts or other information relating to goods, products
and supplies sold to Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant.

        4.06. Franchisor’s Right of Audit. Franchisor or its designated agents or auditors shall
have the right at all reasonable times to audit, review and examine by any means, including
electronically through the use of telecommunications devices or otherwise, at its expense, the
books, records, accounts, and tax returns of Franchisee related to the Franchised Restaurant. If
any such audit, review or examination reveals that Gross Sales have been understated in any report
to Franchisor, Franchisee shall immediately pay to Franchisor the Royalty and Advertising
Contribution due with respect to the amount understated upon demand, in addition to interest from
the date such amount was due until paid, at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month.
If any such understatement exceeds two percent (2%) of Gross Sales as set forth in the report,
Franchisee shall, in addition, upon demand, reimburse Franchisor for any and all costs and
expenses connected with such audit, review or examination (including reasonable accounting and
attorneys’ fees). The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies
Franchisor may have.


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       10
Exhibit D (03/2026)
