the foregoing, Franchisee acknowledges its understanding of Franchisor’s requirement that an
individual “Managing Owner” be named and be granted the authority by Franchisee to bind
Franchisee in any dealings with Franchisor and its affiliates and to direct any action necessary to
ensure compliance with this Agreement and any other agreements relating to the Franchised
Restaurant. The Managing Owner shall, at all times, (a) own ten percent (10%) or more of the
legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee (or alternatively, have the right to receive ten percent
(10%) or more of the operating profits of the Franchised Restaurant), and (b) meet Franchisor’s
then current criteria for Managing Owners. Clause (a) of the immediately preceding sentence of
this Section 6.04 shall not apply if Franchisee was a publicly held entity or a wholly-owned
subsidiary of a publicly held entity as of the date of the first franchise related agreement between
Franchisee and Franchisor. Franchisee represents, warrants, and covenants to Franchisor that the
Managing Owner designated on the Key Contract Data page and in Exhibit “B” has, and will have
throughout the Term, the authority to bind Franchisee in any dealings with Franchisor and its
affiliates and to direct any action necessary to ensure compliance with this Agreement and any
other agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee agrees to furnish Franchisor
with such evidence as Franchisor may request from time to time for the purpose of assuring
Franchisor that the Managing Owner’s authority remains as represented in this Agreement.
Franchisee shall promptly advise Franchisor in writing of any proposed change to the information
set forth on the Key Contract Data page and in Exhibit “B” and thereafter comply with the
applicable provisions of this Agreement. No change in the Managing Owner may be made without
the prior written consent of Franchisor. If Franchisor provides consent to a change in Managing
Owner, such new Managing Owner shall execute an Owner’s Guaranty unless waived by
Franchisor in its sole discretion or unless otherwise provided in accordance with Section 6.05
herein. If the Managing Owner dies or becomes incapacitated, then within sixty (60) days
thereafter, Franchisee shall name a new Managing Owner approved by Franchisor pursuant to
Franchisor’s then current criteria for approving Managing Owners.

        6.05. Unless Franchisee is a publicly-held entity, all of Franchisee’s officers, directors
and all holders of a legal or beneficial interest in Franchisee of ten percent (10%) or more shall
jointly and severally guarantee Franchisee’s payment and performance under this Agreement and
also shall bind themselves to the terms of this Agreement pursuant to an Owner’s Guaranty, in a
form acceptable to Franchisor. Franchisor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, from time to
time upon consideration of certain circumstances presented by Franchisee such as for family estate
planning purposes, to waive the requirement that some or all of the previously described
individuals execute the Owner’s Guaranty. Franchisor reserves the right to require any guarantor
to provide personal financial statements to Franchisor from time to time.

          6.06. Franchisee acknowledges its understanding of Franchisor’s requirement that an
individual “Managing Director” be identified by Franchisee to Franchisor and be approved by
Franchisor. The term “Managing Director” shall be defined as a person who has been approved
by Franchisor, in its sole discretion, as the individual who possesses the operational experience,
skills, and other criteria set forth in this Section 6.06. The Managing Director is identified on the
Key Contract Data page and in Exhibit “B” attached hereto. Unless waived in writing by
Franchisor, the Managing Director shall meet all of the following qualifications:

                  A. The Managing Director shall, at all times, have the authority to direct full control
           over the day-to-day activities, including operations, of the Franchised Restaurant and
Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        15
Exhibit D (03/2026)
