        may assess and debit from the Account a reasonable administrative charge for each
        notification of insufficient funds. Franchisee shall not be entitled to set off, deduct or
        otherwise withhold any Royalty, Advertising Contributions, interest charges or any other
        monies payable by Franchisee under this Agreement on grounds of any alleged non-
        performance by Franchisor of any of its obligations or for any other reason.

        3.05. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.04, Franchisor reserves the right to
modify, at its option, the method by which Franchisee pays the Royalty, Advertising Contributions
and other amounts owed under this Agreement, including interest charges, upon receipt of written
notice from Franchisor.

        3.06 If any monetary obligations owed by Franchisee to Franchisor and its subsidiaries
and affiliates are more than seven (7) days overdue, Franchisee shall, in addition to such
obligations, pay to Franchisor a sum equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the overdue
balance per month, or the highest rate permitted by law, whichever is less, from the date said
payment is due.

IV.     ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS

        4.01. Accurate Books and Records. During the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall
maintain and preserve, for at least three (3) years from the dates of their preparation, full, complete
and accurate books, records and accounts in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and in the form and the manner prescribed by Franchisor from time-to-time in the
Manual or otherwise in writing. These records shall include daily and weekly sales tapes
(including non-resettable readings), daily and weekly sales mix tapes, meals, sales and other tax
returns, duplicate deposit slips and other evidence of Gross Sales and all other business
transactions.

        4.02. Royalty Reports. Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, no later than the date each
weekly Royalty payment is due during the Term of this Agreement, a report on forms prescribed
by Franchisor, accurately reflecting all Gross Sales during the preceding week and such other
forms, reports, records, financial statements or information as Franchisor may reasonably require
in the Manual, or otherwise in writing. Franchisor may require Franchisee to submit such written
reports in addition to the Gross Sales information transmitted to Franchisor by Franchisee’s POS
and BOH Systems (as defined below).

        4.03. Periodic Statements. Franchisee shall, at its expense, submit to Franchisor: (i) each
Period (as defined below), month or quarter, as determined by Franchisor, within thirty (30) days
following the end of each Period, month or quarter of the Term hereof, profit and loss statements
with such detail and in a format as Franchisor may reasonably require; and (ii) quarterly, within
thirty (30) days following the end of each quarter during the Term hereof, an unaudited financial
statement including an income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow, with such
detail and in a format as Franchisor may reasonably require (“Quarterly Statement”), together
with a certificate executed by Franchisee stating that such financial statement is true and accurate.
Upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, with each Quarterly Statement,
copies of any state or local sales tax returns (“Sales Tax Returns”) filed by Franchisee for the

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        9
Exhibit D (03/2026)
