6.2     Cure. In the event of a Development Default, Developer may cure such Development Default by
opening the number of Franchised Restaurants necessary to cure the Development Default within sixty (60)
days from the end of the Shortfall Development Year (the “Cure Period”). Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the cure set forth in this Section 6.2 is a one-time cure that may only be utilized once by
Developer during the Term of this Agreement. Further, in the event Developer fails to open the number of
Franchised Restaurants necessary to achieve the Cumulative Opening Target by the end of the Cure Period
PLK may, at PLK's election, by written notice to Developer terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.

6.3     Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement by PLK or if at the time of expiration of this
Agreement Developer has not achieved the Cumulative Opening Target for the final Term Year, any rights
granted to Developer pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate and Developer shall forfeit all amounts
paid under this Agreement.

                                ARTICLE VII: INDEMNIFICATION/INSURANCE

7.1       Indemnification. Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to
third parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and representations
of Developer under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury,
illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer agrees to defend, indemnify
and save PLK and PLK's officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, accountants, subsidiaries,
affiliates and parent company harmless of, from and with respect to any such claims, demands, losses,
obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorney's fees). PLK shall notify Developer of any such claims, and Developer shall be given the
opportunity to assume the defense of the matter. If Developer fails to assume the defense, PLK may defend
the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Developer shall pay to PLK all costs, including attorney
fees, incurred by PLK in effecting such defense. PLK's right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise
and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on PLK by statute, ordinance,
regulation or other law.

7.2     Insurance. Developer shall procure the insurance coverage provided for in the Franchise
Agreement, prior to the commencement of construction of a Franchised Restaurant, and shall maintain
such insurance coverage throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.

                                 ARTICLE VIII: ADVERTISING COOPERATIVE

Developer acknowledges and agrees that following the Effective Date, PLK intends to establish (or,
alternatively, if currently in existence, PLK intends to continue to maintain) an advertising cooperative in
each Designated Market Area ("DMA"), as defined by PLK from time to time in its sole discretion, in which
a Franchised Restaurant is located or to be located, at which time Developer shall be obligated to make a
cooperative contribution in an amount that is not less than the amount designated by such cooperative,
based upon a percentage of such Franchised Restaurant’s Gross Sales (as such term is defined in the
applicable Franchise Agreement) for the preceding week, payable weekly (or on such other basis as may
be set forth in the Manual (as such term is defined in the Franchise Agreement) or otherwise agreed to in
writing by PLK). Developer further covenants to PLK that Developer shall, for the entire term of each
franchise agreement, whether for a Franchised Restaurant developed and opened pursuant to this
Agreement or another Franchised Restaurant (including any renewals, if any), cast its votes in each
advertising cooperative in each DMA relating to each Franchised Restaurant in favor of an above-the-fund
local advertising cooperative contribution rate that is equal to or greater than one percent (1%) of such
Franchised Restaurant’s Gross Sales. Developer acknowledges and agrees that such cooperative




Popeyes Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
                                                      6
