               E.      Franchisee shall immediately pay all sums owing to Franchisor and its
        subsidiaries and affiliates. In the event of termination for any default by Franchisee, such
        sums shall include all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees,
        incurred by Franchisor as a result of the default;

                F.       To the extent applicable, Franchisee shall immediately turn over to
        Franchisor (or, at Franchisor’s direction, shall destroy) the Manual, all other manuals,
        records, files, instructions, correspondence and any and all other materials relating to the
        operation of the Franchised Restaurant in Franchisee’s possession and all copies thereof
        (all of which are acknowledged to be Franchisor’s property) and shall retain no copy or
        record of any of the foregoing, with the exception of such materials possessed by
        Franchisee pursuant to a separate valid and enforceable franchise agreement and
        Franchisee’s copy of this Agreement, any correspondence between the parties, and any
        other documents which Franchisee reasonably needs for compliance with any provision of
        law; and

                G.     Franchisee shall immediately delete or cause to be deleted the Web Site (if
        not within Franchisor’s control) and transfer to Franchisor (if not already registered to
        Franchisor) the registration of all domain names used in connection with the Web Site, as
        well as any other domain names registered by or on behalf of Franchisor in connection with
        the Franchised Restaurant. Any rights granted by Franchisor to Franchisee with respect to
        the Web Site, or any other website associated with the Franchised Restaurant, including
        any domain names, shall immediately cease upon termination or expiration of this
        Agreement, and Franchisor may, at any time upon or after termination or expiration of this
        Agreement, delete the Web Site (if within Franchisor’s control) and cease or reassign usage
        of any domain names within Franchisor’s control that may have benefited Franchisee.

        16.02. Franchisor shall have the right (but not the duty) to be exercised by notice of intent
to do so within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement, to purchase any
and all improvements, equipment, advertising and promotional materials, ingredients, products,
materials, supplies, paper goods and any items bearing Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks at current
fair market value. If the parties cannot agree on a fair market value within a reasonable time, an
independent appraiser shall be designated by Franchisor, and his or her determination of fair
market value shall be binding. If Franchisor elects to exercise any option to purchase herein
provided, it shall have the right to set-off all amounts due from Franchisee under this Agreement
and the cost of the appraisal, if any, against any payment therefor.

        16.03. In the event the premises are leased to Franchisee, Franchisee shall, upon
termination of this Agreement and upon request by Franchisor, immediately assign, set over and
transfer unto Franchisor, at Franchisor’s sole option and discretion, said lease and the premises,
including improvements. Any such lease entered into by Franchisee shall contain a clause
specifying the landlord’s consent to assign such lease to Franchisor or its assignee in the event this
Agreement is terminated.

       16.04. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all damages, costs, and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Franchisor in seeking recovery of damages caused by any

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       44
Exhibit D (03/2026)
