                                   AMENDMENT TO
                               FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                       REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA

       In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D.
Cent. Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North
Dakota Securities Commission, the parties to the attached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.
Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

        1.    The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 2.02.C., 14.01, and 14.03.E.
of the Agreement:

                The release required by this Section will not apply to any claim that
                Franchisee may have under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.

        2.     Section XIII of the Agreement shall be amended to add the following new Section
13.07., which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:

                13.07. Covenants not to compete are generally considered unenforceable
                in the State of North Dakota.

      3.        The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 24.01 and 24.02 of the
Agreement:

                Pursuant to the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, any provisions
                requiring franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts outside North
                Dakota or to consent to the application of laws of a state other than North
                Dakota is void.

        4.      The following sentence is added to the end of Section 24.05:

                Notwithstanding the foregoing, the statute of limitations under North
                Dakota law applies.

        5.      Section 24.06 is deleted.

       6.       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

       7.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment
Law are met independently, without reference to this Amendment.
State of North Dakota Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                              (Page 1 of 2)
