in Item 5, these incentives, including the royalty reduction, will terminate and you must immediately begin
paying the royalty designated in your Franchise Agreement if: (a) you fail to open a Franchised Restaurant
for business as required under your Development Schedule or the incentive programs; (b) for some
incentive programs, you transfer the Franchised Restaurant; or (c) you receive, before the expiration of the
Reduced Royalty Period, a written notice of default under any agreement with us (for example, the
Franchise Agreement or the Development Agreement) and you fail to cure the default within the applicable
cure period, if any.

        For certain other locations including military bases, educational facilities, transportation facilities,
hospitals and other non-traditional locations, we may negotiate the royalties, which may range from 2% to
8% of Gross Sales.

         If you are a developer you will pay royalties, advertising contributions and initial franchise fees
that are the greater of the amount disclosed in our then-current Franchise Disclosure Document at the time
you sign each Franchise Agreement for a Popeye’s Restaurant and 5% of weekly Gross Sales for royalties,
4% of weekly gross sales for advertising contributions and $50,000 initial franchise fee for a free standing,
in-line or food court Popeyes Restaurant with a 20-year term, subject to any reductions based upon your
participation in any of our Development Incentive Programs discussed in Item 5.

         The royalties actually paid during our last fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 ranged from 2% to
10% of Gross Sales. These variations in royalty may be attributed to: (i) development incentive programs;
(ii) franchises operated in non-traditional locations, such as U.S. military bases and universities, and
Delivery Restaurants; or (iii) negotiated rates in the context of workout and settlement agreements.

        4.       The required Advertising Contribution will be 4.6% of Gross Sales and may increase to
5% in accordance with the Ad Fund Test Program, unless you are participating in a program with a different
Advertising Contribution. We require participation in the Ad Fund Test Program for all new franchisees
and for existing franchisees entering into new franchise agreements at the time of renewal, or upon opening
or acquisition of a Popeyes Restaurant.

          Ad Fund Test Program

        The “Ad Fund Test” Program (“Ad Fund Test Program”) requires you to pay a higher Advertising
Contribution based on the Popeyes Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA, and in return you are allowed a longer
timeline for remodeling your Restaurant (i.e., 10 years instead of 6 years), subject to compliance with the
program terms and conditions contained in the Advertising Fund and Remodel Amendment to the Franchise
Agreement (“Ad Fund Test Amendment”) (attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit G4). You
enroll your restaurant in the Ad Fund Test Program by signing the Ad Fund Test Amendment when you
sign your Franchise Agreement.

        Under the Ad Fund Test Program, the Advertising Contribution you will pay starting April 1, 2025
is 5.0% of Gross Sales. If the Popeyes Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA (as defined in the Ad Fund Test
Amendment and determined by us) increases by the amount set forth in the Ad Fund Test Amendment after
a year of testing the 5.0% rate, then we will proceed to test a higher Advertising Contribution rate of 5.25%
of Gross Sales, which you will be required to start paying as early as May 1, 2026. If the Popeyes Restaurant
4-Wall EBITDA increases by the amount set forth in the Ad Fund Test Amendment after a year of testing
the 5.25% rate, then we will proceed to test a higher Advertising Contribution rate of 5.50% of Gross Sales,
which you will be required to start paying as early as May 1, 2027. If the Popeyes Restaurant 4-Wall
EBITDA increases by the amount set forth in the Ad Fund Test Amendment after a year of testing the


Item 6
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 28
