                           of FRANCHISEE or by any other matter, thing, act, or omission of
                           FRANCHISOR whatsoever;

                   (l)     Any and all present and future debts and obligations of the FRANCHISEE
                           to you or any other GUARANTORS are hereby subordinated to the full
                           payment and performance of the Obligations;

                   (m)     If you transfer, in compliance with the Franchise Agreement, all of your
                           interest in the Franchise Agreement or FRANCHISEE for payment in cash,
                           you shall, at FRANCHISOR’s option and request, execute a written
                           guaranty of the transferee’s obligations with respect to the Restaurant,
                           which guaranty shall not exceed a period of three (3) years from the date of
                           transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your liability hereunder for
                           Obligations under the other FRANCHISOR Agreements will continue in
                           full force and effect until FRANCHISEE has fully paid and performed all
                           obligations thereunder;

                   (n)     The written acknowledgement of FRANCHISEE or the judgment of any
                           court establishing the amount due from FRANCHISEE shall be conclusive
                           and binding on you and your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns.
                           FRANCHISOR’s books and records showing the account between
                           FRANCHISOR and FRANCHISEE shall be admissible in evidence in any
                           action or proceeding, shall be binding upon you for the purpose of
                           establishing the items therein set forth, and shall constitute prima facie proof
                           thereof; and

                   (o)     Except to the extent the provisions of this Guaranty give FRANCHISOR
                           additional rights, this Guaranty shall not be deemed to supersede or replace
                           any other guarantees given to FRANCHISOR by you; and the obligations
                           guaranteed hereby shall be in addition to any other obligations guaranteed
                           by you pursuant to any other agreement of guarantee given to
                           FRANCHISOR and other guarantees of the Obligations.

        5.     Assignment by FRANCHISOR.                This Guaranty is for the benefit of
FRANCHISOR, which may, without any notice, sell, assign or transfer any part of the Obligations
guaranteed herein. Each and every successive assignee, transferee or holder of all or any part of
the Obligations shall have the right to enforce this Guaranty, by suit or otherwise, for the benefit
of such assignee, transferee or holder, as fully as though such assignee, transferee or holder were
herein by name given such rights, powers and benefits; but FRANCHISOR shall have an
unimpaired right, prior and superior to that of any such assignee, transferee or holder, to enforce
this Guaranty for its benefit as to so much of said Obligations that it has not sold, assigned or
transferred.

        6.      Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Guaranty shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. You hereby irrevocably submit to
the jurisdiction of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, or if such court lacks

Popeyes Owner’s Guaranty
Exhibit E1 (03/2026)
                                                      5
