                             with a DD Form 214 or other adequate documentation, as determined by
                             Franchisor, demonstrating an honorable discharge from the United States
                             military.

         B.     Royalty Fee Reduction. In addition to the Initial Franchise Fee Reduction, for a period
         of six (6) months following the Opening Date of the Qualifying Restaurant meeting the
         requirements set forth in Section 1.A. above, Franchisee will pay a reduced Royalty for that
         Qualifying Restaurant in the amount of two percent (2%) of Gross Sales (the “Royalty
         Reduction”). Thereafter, the Royalty shall be five percent (5%) of Gross Sales as set forth in
         the Franchise Agreement.

         C.      Incentives Apply Only To One Qualifying Restaurant. For the avoidance of doubt,
         Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that if Franchisee (or alternatively, a holder of at least a
         fifty-one percent (51%) ownership interest in Franchisee) qualifies for the Initial Franchise
         Fee Reduction and the Royalty Reduction as described above, then such incentives shall only
         be applicable to the first (1st) Popeyes Restaurant (the Qualifying Restaurant described above)
         and shall not apply to any additional Popeyes Restaurant subsequently developed or operated
         by Franchisee or such interest holder.

         D.     Defined Terms. As used in this Addendum, the following terms shall have the
         applicable meanings:

                   i.        “New Franchisee” shall mean (a) an individual who has not previously owned
                             a Popeyes Restaurant, or (b) an entity whose majority equity interest holders
                             have not previously owned a Popeyes Restaurant.

                   ii.       “Qualifying Restaurant” shall mean a new Popeyes Restaurant developed on a
                             site approved by Franchisor that is not an “Excluded Site.”

                   iii.      “Excluded Site” shall mean: (a) any site previously operated as a Popeyes
                             Restaurant; and (b) any site for which site approval previously expired unless
                             such site will be developed and operated by a third party franchisee who is
                             unrelated to the prospective developer who previously obtained site approval.
                             An Excluded Site is not eligible for any development incentives under the
                             Program.

2.       Compliance with Popeyes Development Procedures. With respect to each Popeyes Restaurant
         developed pursuant to the Program, Franchisee agrees to comply with Franchisor’s then
         current site submittal review and approval process.

3.       Termination of Addendum.

         A.      This Addendum, and the development incentives offered pursuant to this Addendum,
         shall terminate following written notice to Franchisee upon the occurrence of any of the
         following events:




Popeyes DIP Addendum to Franchise Agreement             2
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
