                                    ITEM 1
          THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

The Franchisor and its Parents

         To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “Popeyes,” “PLK,” “we,” “our,” or “us”
means Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., the franchisor of the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen restaurant system
(“System” or “Popeyes System”). “You” or “your” means the person or legal entity who buys the franchise.
If you are any type of a legal entity, certain provisions of this disclosure document also apply to your owners
and will be noted.

         We were formed as a Minnesota corporation on July 27, 1992 under the name America’s Favorite
Chicken Company. We changed our name to AFC Enterprises, Inc. on October 7, 1996 and to Popeyes
Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. on January 17, 2014. We do business under our corporate name and under the
names “Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits” and “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen” (as well as related trademarks and
service marks). Since 2009, we have been transitioning the name of the restaurants in the Popeyes System
from “Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits” to “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen”. Some restaurants may continue to
operate under the name “Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits” for a period of time during which a reasonable
transition of signage to the name “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen” is expected to occur. In this disclosure
document we refer to Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits restaurants and Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen restaurants
as “Restaurants” or “Popeyes Restaurants”. We have operated and franchised Popeyes Restaurants since
November 5, 1992. Since December 2004, we have not conducted business or offered franchises in any
other line of business. Our agents for service of process in various states are listed in Exhibit A. Our
principal business address is 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126.

        The first Popeyes Restaurant opened in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1972 and our predecessors
began selling franchises for Popeyes Restaurants in 1976. As of December 31, 2025, there were 5,413
Popeyes Restaurants worldwide, of which 3,228 were located in the U.S., including the U.S. territories of
Guam and Puerto Rico. Of the total number of Popeyes Restaurants in the United States, 95 were owned
by Popeyes and its affiliates. There were 2,112 franchised Popeyes Restaurants operating outside the United
States, Guam and Puerto Rico. We do not otherwise conduct any businesses except as described above.
Except as disclosed in this Item 1, we have no affiliates, predecessors or parents that we are required to
disclose in this disclosure document.

        In March 2017 we were acquired by Orange, Inc., a Minnesota corporation, which merged into our
company. We are an indirect subsidiary of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, a limited
partnership organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario (“RBILP”). The general partner of RBILP
is Restaurant Brands International Inc., a Canadian corporation (“RBI”). The principal place of business
of RBILP is 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1, Canada, with RBI having a
principal place of business at 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. 3G Restaurant Brands
Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, (“3G Restaurant Brands Holdings”) owns the largest
percentage of the combined voting power of RBI (approximately 22%). 3G Restaurant Brands Holdings’
general partner is 3G Restaurant Brands Holdings General Partner Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted
company (“3G Restaurant Brands Holdings GP”). 3G Restaurant Brands Holdings and 3G Restaurant
Brands Holdings GP are each located at c/o 3G Capital, Inc., 600 Third Avenue, 37th Floor, New York,
New York 10016.




Item 1
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 1
