                                  MANAGING DIRECTOR CERTIFICATION


I, the undersigned, being duly sworn according to law, hereby certify and state as follows:

1.        I am the Managing Director of _________________, the FRANCHISEE ENTITY.

2.        I recognize and understand that Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. ("PLK") is relying upon the
          truthfulness and accuracy of this certification and the contents of the attached Corporate/Entity
          Franchise Application in evaluating the proposed transaction described therein for the purpose of
          determining whether to grant approval. Any capitalized terms utilized and not otherwise defined
          herein shall have the meanings given thereto in the form of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Franchise
          Agreement disclosed in PLK’s Franchise Disclosure Document provided in connection with the
          proposed transaction described in the Application.

3.        I acknowledge, understand and agree that as a condition to PLK's approval of me as Managing
          Director for the FRANCHISEE ENTITY, that I (a) must devote my full time and best efforts to the
          supervision of the FRANCHISEE ENTITY's franchise Popeyes Restaurants, (b) must maintain my
          primary residence within a reasonable driving distance of the FRANCHISEE ENTITY'S Popeyes
          Restaurants for which I have operational responsibility, (c) must attend training prior to becoming
          approved, and additional training periodically pursuant to a schedule prescribed by PLK from time
          to time, and (d) do not currently or cannot have during my employment as Managing Director, any
          other operational or management commitments or involvements in other businesses, except other
          Popeyes restaurants operated under franchises granted to the FRANCHISEE ENTITY within the
          vicinity of my geographic operational area (collectively, the "Approval Conditions"). I acknowledge,
          understand and agree that if I fail to satisfy the Approval Conditions at any time during the term of
          the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Franchise Agreements applicable to FRANCHISEE ENTITY's
          restaurants for which I have operational responsibility, then PLK may withdraw approval of me as
          Managing Director and require the FRANCHISEE ENTITY to replace me with a person acceptable
          to PLK.

4.        I acknowledge and agree that ownership of all right, title and interest to the Popeyes System and
          the Popeyes Proprietary Marks, are and shall remain vested solely in PLK, and I disclaim any right
          or interest therein or the good will derived therefrom. I agree that PLK’s Brand Standards and
          Procedures, its Brand Training Standards, and such other operating standards, specifications,
          procedures and techniques prescribed by PLK from time to time (collectively, whether made
          available to FRANCHISEE ENTITY via electronic communication (including the internet) or via hard
          copy, and all amendments and updates thereto, the “Manual”), and any and all other materials
          loaned or otherwise made available or disclosed to me, including financial information, marketing
          strategy and marketing programs are to be considered trade secrets of PLK and shall be kept
          confidential and used by me only in connection with the operation of the franchised Popeyes
          Restaurant(s). Further, I acknowledge and agree not to divulge any of the trade secrets to any
          person other than the FRANCHISEE ENTITY employees and then only to the extent necessary for
          the operation of the Franchised Restaurant(s) and, specifically, I will not, nor permit anyone to,
          reproduce, copy or exhibit any portion of the Manual or any other trade secrets of PLK.

5.        I acknowledge the uniqueness of the Popeyes System and that PLK is making its knowledge, know-
          how and expertise available to me for the purpose of operating the franchised Popeyes
          Restaurant(s). I agree that it would be an unfair method of competition for me to use or duplicate
          or to allow others to use or duplicate any of the knowledge, know-how and expertise received from
          PLK for any use other than for the operation of franchised Popeyes Restaurants. I, therefore,
          warrant and represent that I will not directly or indirectly engage in the operation of any restaurant,
          other than the Franchised Popeyes Restaurants franchised from PLK, which utilizes or duplicates
          the Popeyes System, any trade secrets of PLK, the Popeyes Proprietary Marks or any specially
          designed buildings, distinctive interior and exterior layouts, trade dress, decor, color schemes, and

Managing Director Certification
Exhibit E3 (03/2026)
                                                        1
