prescribe from time to time (collectively, whether made available to you via electronic communication
(including the internet) or via hard copy, and all amendments and updates, the “Manual”).

        You may be eligible to pay reduced franchise fees, royalty or advertising contribution if you
qualify for one of our development incentive programs described in Item 5. Our Development Incentive
Program Addenda are attached as Exhibits G1, G2, G3, and G4. If you are a new franchisee, we require
you to sign the Advertising Fund and Remodel Amendment (attached as Exhibit G4) when you sign
your Franchise Agreement. Also See Item 6 for additional information.

        In most cases, you must secure control of the property where your Popeyes Restaurant will be
located by either leasing or subleasing the property or purchasing it. In some cases Popeyes may lease or
sublease the property where the Popeyes Restaurant will be located.

        You must meet our then-current operational, financial, credit, legal and other criteria for the
development and operation of a Popeyes Restaurant before you can sign a Development Agreement, TRA
or MTRA and at all times during the term of the Development Agreement, TRA or MTRA, including at the
time of development of a Popeyes Restaurant under any of these agreements. You must obtain our
acceptance for any site on which you propose to construct a new Popeyes Restaurant under the Development
Agreement, TRA or MTRA in accordance with our then-current standards for site acceptance. You must
then construct, equip and furnish the Popeyes Restaurant at the approved site in accordance with plans and
specifications approved by us.

The General Market and the Competition

         The customer base for the quick-service restaurant market includes the total population; however,
the population age group between 18 and 54 years of age averages the greatest frequency of patronage of
quick service food establishments. There is a clearly established market for quick service food prepared
away from home. In general, the quick-service restaurant business is highly competitive. Changes in taste
and eating habits of the public, local and national economic conditions, population and traffic patterns affect
the restaurant business and are generally unpredictable.

         The principal basis of competition in the industry is the quality and price of the food products
offered, but name identification, site location, quality and speed of service, consistency, advertising and
attractiveness of facilities are also important factors. You should expect to compete with other quick service
food, carry-out, delivery and even sit-down restaurants that feature chicken, seafood and related menu items
similar to those offered at Popeyes Restaurants. You will also compete with restaurants and quick service
food outlets that offer other types of chicken and seafood entrées and other foods to be eaten at those
restaurants, delivered or taken out by the consumer. Through our affiliates, we may operate other third-
party franchise concepts in combination with our own. You may also encounter competition from other
Popeyes Restaurants that we or our franchisees operate.

        Some of these competitors may be in close proximity to your Franchised Restaurant and may
have greater financial resources, larger advertising budgets and more national (or local) recognition than
we have. In addition, competition for management and other operating personnel and for sites is intense
within the industry.

Industry-Specific Laws and Regulations

        We are not aware of any laws applicable to a Popeyes Restaurant that would not apply to restaurant
businesses generally. You will be required to comply with all local, state and federal laws and regulations
applicable to the operation of your Franchised Restaurant, including: labor and employment laws and
regulations; health, sanitation, food handling, food preparation, and waste disposal laws and regulations;
smoking restrictions; and consumer pricing, advertising and point-of-sale disclosures, such as statements
Item 1
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 6
