pursuant to the Lease and/or (iv) any Additional Charges due pursuant to Section 3.4 of this Lease by
making direct monthly withdrawals in the appropriate amount(s) from Lessee’s bank account. In the event
that this option is exercised, Lessee agrees to execute and deliver to its bank and to Lessor those
documents necessary to authorize such withdrawals and to make payment or deposit as directed by Lessor.
Lessee further agrees that it will not thereafter terminate such authorization so long as this Lease is in
effect. Lessee also agrees that in the event that a direct monthly withdrawal program is not available at the
bank at which Lessee then does its business, it will take all reasonable and necessary steps to establish
an account at a bank which does have such a program.

§3.6 LATE CHARGES. All Rent, Additional Charges and any other charges shall be paid to Lessor without
notice or demand and without abatement, deduction or set-off, except as otherwise expressly provided in
this Lease. All payments not paid when due shall bear interest at the maximum rate allowed by Florida
law. In the event such interest rate shall be void or unenforceable under the laws of the jurisdiction where
the Premises are located, the highest rate of interest permitted within such jurisdiction shall be charged.

§3.7 LESSOR’S LIEN. To secure the payment of all Rent, Additional Charges and Charges or any other
sums due and to become due under this Lease, the faithful performance of this Lease by Lessee and to
secure all other indebtedness and liabilities of Lessee to Lessor now existing or hereafter incurred, Lessee
hereby grants to Lessor a lien and security interest on all furniture, furnishings, trade fixtures, equipment
and other personal property (collectively, “Personal Property”) to which Lessee has legal title and which
is placed in the Premises. The Lessee further agrees that if Lessee vacates the Premises while any Rent
or Additional Charges owing under this Lease is unpaid, Lessor, in addition to any remedy otherwise
provided by law or in this Lease, may seize and sell the Personal Property at any place to which Lessee or
any other person may have removed them in the same manner as if the Personal Property had remained
at the Premises. If requested by Lessor, Lessee shall execute and deliver to Lessor any and all
documentation necessary to evidence Lessor’s lien on the Personal Property.

                                                        IV.
                                                    INSURANCE

§4.1 COVERAGE. During the Term, Lessee, at its own cost and expense, shall:

         (a)          Keep the Premises and the fixtures and personalty on it insured with an all risk property
                      insurance policy (including business interruption coverage with an indemnity period of at
                      least 12 months) in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of replacement (without
                      deduction for depreciation). Such replacement cost shall be determined from time to time
                      at the request of Lessor, but not more frequently than once in any twelve (12) consecutive
                      calendar months. Replacement cost shall be determined by one of the insurers or, at the
                      option of Lessor, by an appraiser, architect or contractor who is mutually and reasonably
                      acceptable to Lessor and Lessee, and whom shall be retained and paid by Lessee. Such
                      insurance shall name Lessor and any other entity that Lessor acting reasonably requests
                      as a loss payee as its interest may appear and shall include a waiver of subrogation in
                      favor of Lessor and any other loss payee.

         (b)          Provide and keep in force:

                      (i)     commercial general liability insurance against claims for bodily injury, death or
                              property damage occurring on, in or about the Premises or the adjoining streets
                              and property, in a primary and excess limit of not less than $5,000,000 per
                              occurrence for bodily injury, death, personal injury, property damage, non-owned
                              automobile, blanket contractual and products and completed operations liability,
                              with the annual aggregate liability limit to be maintained on the commercial general
                              liability insurance (which can be achieved through a combination of primary and
                              excess annual aggregate liability limits) based on the number of POPEYES®

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                          5
