      New York Amendment to the Development Agreement
        In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33,
Section 680-695, and of the Codes, Rules and Regulations of the State of New York, Title 13,
Chapter VII, Sections 200.1 through 200.16, the parties to the attached Popeyes Louisiana
Kitchen, Inc. Development Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree to amend the Agreement as
follows:

1.      Any provision in the Agreement that is inconsistent with the New York General Business
        Law, Article 33, Sections 680 - 695 may not be enforceable.

2.     The following sentences are added to the end of Section 6.01:

       Franchisor will not assign its rights under this Agreement except to an assignee who in
       Franchisor’s good faith and judgment is willing and able to assume Franchisor’s
       obligations under this Agreement. Any provision in this Agreement requiring Developer to
       sign a general release of claims against Franchisor does not release any claim Developer
       may have under New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680-695.

3.     The following sentence is added to the end of Section 15.02:

       Notwithstanding the foregoing, the New York Franchises Law shall govern any claim
       arising under that law.

4.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
       connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
       (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
       inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
       franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
       supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

5.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
        such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the New York Franchises Law are
        met independently, without reference to this Amendment.



                                  [THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS
                                 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




State of New York Amendment to Development Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                            (Page 1 of 2)
