         On May 29, 2025, PLK and RBI were served with a Statement of Claim (amended on June 23,
2025) by Plaintiff, a former supplier of chicken to the Popeyes Canada franchise system. ADP’s claim
alleges breach of contract, breach of the duty of good faith and honest performance in contractual relations,
misrepresentations, conspiracy, negligence, loss of opportunity, promissory estoppel, estoppel by
convention, and breach of the Competition Act and defamation. Plaintiff contends that Amjad Farooq Inc.,
an unauthorized supplier, sold uninspected and unsafe chicken to Ontario-based Popeyes restaurants with
the knowledge of the Defendants and that Defendants knew about it, failed to act and instead conspired to
terminate Plaintiff’s role as a supplier, breaching an alleged oral supply agreement. Relief sought includes:
1.) $35 million in damages for breach of contract and various other claims; 2.) $1 million in aggravated and
punitive damages; 3.) an injunction preventing PLK, RBI and others from distributing chicken from
suppliers who do not meet applicable Canadian health and food safety standards; 4.) and defamation related
damages, including injunctive relief, and 5.) costs of the action. On November 19, 2025, Plaintiff amended
the Statement of Claim to add Robert Manuel, Amjad Farooq, Intiaz Mohammad Alli, 2769181 Ontario
Inc., 6485405 Canada Inc., NIDA Foods International Inc., RIDA Foods International Inc., Shaby
International Inc., Urooj Restaurant Ltd., and Y & F Food Corp. as defendants to the proceeding. On
December 19, 2025, PLK and RBI served a notice of motion to strike all elements of the claim and dismiss
the case. We are not a party to this litigation.

       Payal Keswani and Kendra Sivertson v. PH Canada Company, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.,
Restaurant Brands International, Inc. et al, (Case No. VLC-S-S-254553), Supreme Court of British
Columbia, filed on June 18, 2025.

        On June 18, 2025, a proposed class action was filed in the Supreme Court of British Columbia
against PLK, RBI, and 10 other fast-food companies and their affiliates. The claim alleges that the
Defendants used unlawful “drip pricing” tactics on their proprietary digital platforms. The lawsuit targets
PLK’s online and mobile ordering system, which is alleged to display food prices without disclosing
mandatory delivery fees until the final stages of checkout. The plaintiffs argue this constitutes a breach of
the Competition Act (Canada) as well as various provincial consumer protection laws. The claim also
alleges all Defendants engaged in a substantially similar pattern of misrepresentation. The action seeks
damages, restitution, disgorgement of delivery and service fees, declaratory relief, and an injunction barring
the Defendants from continuing such pricing practices. The proposed class includes all Canadian consumers
who paid these fees since June 18, 2023. We are not a party to this litigation.

         Ryan Mun v. Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., (Case No. 26-CV- 20128-CMA), U.S. District Court
for the Southern District Florida, filed on January 9, 2026.

         On January 9, 2026, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against PLK in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The claim alleges that PLK’s website deploys tracking
technologies prior to user consent through the cookie banner and continues transmitting user data after a
user rejects the cookies. Based on these allegations, the Plaintiff asserts claims under the Federal Wiretap
Act, the California Invasion of Privacy Act, the Florida Security of Communications Act, and California
common law, including invasion of privacy and intrusion upon seclusion, as well as claims for fraud and
unjust enrichment. The Plaintiff seeks to represent a nationwide class of U.S. website visitors and a subclass
of California residents. The class has not been certified. The Plaintiff seeks declaratory and injunctive relief,
as well as statutory, compensatory, and any applicable liquidated damages, restitution and disgorgement,
attorneys’ fees and costs, and interest. PLK’s response to the complaint is currently due on or about April
6, 2026.

Franchisor Initiated Suits:

       Unauthorized Trademark Usage Enforcement and Enforcement of Post-Termination Obligations:
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. v. HZ Ops Holdings, Inc. f/k/a Zubha Pop Foods, LLC and Amin Dhanani,

Item 3
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 13
