        The failure of Franchisee to obtain execution of such a confidentiality and non-competition
agreement required by this Section 13.04. shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. A duplicate
original of each such confidentiality and non-competition agreement shall be provided by
Franchisee to Franchisor immediately upon execution.

       13.05. Upon demand or termination of this Agreement, Franchisee shall (and shall instruct
each officer and employee of Franchisee to) (a) return to Franchisor all of the Franchisor’s
confidential information in Franchisee’s possession, or (b) certify to Franchisor in writing that
Franchisee has purged all confidential and proprietary information from Franchisee’s computers
and other data storage systems.

         13.06. The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be construed as
independent of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement. If all or any portion of a
covenant in this Section XIII, is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having
jurisdiction in a final decision, Franchisee expressly agrees to be bound by any lesser covenant
subsumed within the terms of such covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as
if the resulting covenant was separately stated in and made a part of this Section XIII.

                A.      Right to Reduce Covenants. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that
        Franchisor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant
        set forth in Sections 13.02. and 13.03. of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, without
        Franchisee’s consent, effective immediately upon receipt by Franchisee of written notice
        thereof, and Franchisee agrees that it shall comply with any covenant as so modified, which
        shall be fully enforceable notwithstanding the provisions of Section XXII hereof.

                B.      Injunctive Relief. The parties acknowledge that it will be difficult to
        ascertain with any degree of certainty the amount of damages resulting from a breach by
        Franchisee of any of the covenants contained in this Section XIII. It is further agreed and
        acknowledged that any violation by Franchisee of any of said covenants will cause
        irreparable harm to Franchisor. Accordingly, Franchisee agrees that upon proof of the
        existence of a violation of any of said covenants, Franchisor will be entitled to injunctive
        relief against Franchisee in any court of competent jurisdiction having authority to grant
        such relief, together with all costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Franchisor in
        bringing such action.

XIV. TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST

        14.01. Transfer by Franchisor. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors
and assigns of Franchisor. Franchisor shall have the right to transfer or assign its interest in this
Agreement to any person, persons, partnership, association, corporation, or other entity. If
Franchisor’s assignee assumes all the obligations of Franchisor hereunder and sends Franchisee
written notice of the assignment so attesting, Franchisee agrees promptly to execute a general
release of Franchisor and its parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates from claims or liabilities
of Franchisor under this Agreement.



Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        35
Exhibit D (03/2026)
