   Table of Contents

       Hedge Accounting Improvements - In November 2025, the FASB issued guidance that modifies aspects of the existing hedge
accounting framework, including (1) permitting a group of forecasted transactions to be designated as a single cash flow hedge if the
individual transactions have a ‘similar’ rather than ‘shared’ risk exposure, (2) providing an optional hedging model for cash flow
hedges of forecasted interest payments on ‘choose-your-rate’ debt instruments, (3) expanding hedge accounting availability for non-
financial forecasted transactions, (4) allowing net written options as hedging instruments under certain circumstances, and (5)
addressing the use of foreign-currency-denominated debt instruments as both a hedging instrument and hedged item. The guidance is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods in those years, with early adoption
permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact this new guidance will have on our financial statements and disclosures.

Note 3. Earnings Per Unit

       Partnership uses the two-class method in the computation of earnings per unit. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership
agreement, RBI, as the holder of the Class A common units, is entitled to receive distributions from Partnership in an amount equal to
the aggregate dividends payable by RBI to holders of RBI common shares, and the holders of Class B exchangeable limited
partnership units (the “Partnership exchangeable units”) are entitled to receive distributions from Partnership in an amount per unit
equal to the dividends payable by RBI on each RBI common share. Partnership’s net income available to common unitholders is
allocated between the Class A common units and Partnership exchangeable units on a fully-distributed basis and reflects residual net
income after noncontrolling interests. Basic and diluted earnings per Class A common unit is determined by dividing net income
allocated to Class A common unitholders by the weighted average number of Class A common units outstanding for the period. Basic
and diluted earnings per Partnership exchangeable unit is determined by dividing net income allocated to the Partnership exchangeable
units by the weighted average number of Partnership exchangeable units outstanding during the period.

       There are no dilutive securities for Partnership as the exercise of stock options and vesting of RSUs will not affect the number of
Class A common units or Partnership exchangeable units outstanding. However, the issuance of RBI shares by RBI in future periods
will affect the allocation of net income attributable to common unitholders between Partnership’s Class A common units and
Partnership exchangeable units.




                                                                   18
