which was acknowledged by the ICC pursuant to an Award by Consent dated June 20, 2022. We are not a
party to this litigation.

          Multi-Jurisdictional No-Poach Settlements

          In February 2020, we entered into a Settlement Agreement with the states of Massachusetts,
California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and the District of Columbia. At this same time, our affiliate BK Corporation
entered into a Settlement Agreement with Massachusetts, California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota,
New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and the District of
Columbia. THUSA entered into a Settlement Agreement with the states of Massachusetts, California,
Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.

         Each of these settlement agreements arose out of an investigation by the states Attorney Generals
regarding the alleged impact of the no-poach provision of the BK Corporation, PLK and THUSA franchise
agreements which purportedly restricted franchisees from soliciting or employing each other’s employees
in these franchise agreements. The states alleged that these provisions and there use violated state antitrust
laws, consumer protection laws and laws governing the free exercise of the right to contract for
employment. Although each of the parties denied all allegations and each of them had already removed the
provisions from their current franchise agreements, the parties entered into the Settlement Agreement and,
among other things, agreed to not enforce these provisions in existing franchise agreements, notify their
franchisees that they had entered into the settlements, attempt to get franchisees with a no-poach provision
in their franchise agreement to remove it, notify the Attorneys General of any franchisees who failed to
remove the provisions, post a notice at company-owned locations, and ask franchisees to post a notice at
their locations, indicating that these types of provisions are unenforceable. None of the parties paid any
money under the Settlement Agreements. These states enforced the settlement agreements through Final
Judgments and Orders, Assurances of Discontinuance, Assurances of Voluntary Compliance and similar
methods.

         Unauthorized Trademark Usage Enforcement: Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. v. Florida Pop,
LLC, Pop Restaurant Holdings, LLC and Guillermo Perales, United States District Court for the Southern
District of Florida, Case No. 23-cv-23955, filed on October 16, 2023.

         We sued Defendants in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The
complaint alleges that Defendants unlawfully continued to operate and/or failed to de-identify 52
restaurants in central-Florida following the expiration of the parties’ limited license agreement. The
complaint includes claims for breach of contract, trademark infringement under the Lanham Act and
common law unfair competition. On November 28, 2023, Defendants filed their Answer and Affirmative
Defenses, which denies liability and claims that the limited license agreement has not been terminated. On
January 16, 2024, Defendants filed an amended answer, affirmative defenses and counterclaim, asserting
the following causes of action arising out of our alleged failure to approve the sale of Defendants’
restaurants: (1) breach of contract; (2) breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (3)
tortious interference with contractual relations; and (4) violation of the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade
Practices Act (“FDUTPA”). On March 18, 2024, the Court issued an Order dismissing all of the
Defendant’s counterclaims. The dismissal was without prejudice as to three of the four counterclaims. On
March 27, 2024, the parties entered a settlement which resulted in the sale of almost all of Defendants’
Florida restaurants to an approved buyer and the payment of our attorneys’ fees and costs. On April 29,
2024, the Court entered an order granting the motion to dismiss the case.




4932-4998-9529, v. 2

Item 3
03/2026                                                                                               Page 15
