        7.03.    The Manual shall at all times remain the sole property of Franchisor.

        7.04. In order for Franchisee to benefit from new knowledge, information, methods and
technology adopted and used by Franchisor in the operation of the System, Franchisor may from
time to time revise the Manual by bulletin, video, the Internet, electronic mail or by other written
or electronic communication (including an online learning management system designated by
Franchisor). Franchisee shall review, understand, adhere to and abide by all such revisions.
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that (i) Franchisor retains the right to modify, add to, or
rescind any requirement, standard, or specification set forth in the Manual in order to adapt the
Popeyes System to changing conditions, competitive circumstances, business strategies, business
practices, and technological innovations and other changes that Franchisor deems appropriate in
its business judgment, and (ii) Franchisee shall comply with such modifications, additions, or
rescissions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no new requirement, standard or specification set forth
in the Manual or otherwise, may act as a unilateral amendment to any express term, condition, or
provision of this Agreement.

       7.05. If Franchisee desires to print a physical copy of the Manual (subject to Franchisor’s
prior written consent, as provided above), Franchisee agrees at all times to keep such copy current
and up-to-date, and in the event of any dispute as to the contents of such copy, the terms of the
Manual maintained by Franchisor shall be controlling.

        7.06. The Manual is intended to further the purposes of this Agreement, and is
specifically incorporated, by reference, into this Agreement. Except as otherwise set forth in this
Agreement, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the
Manual, the terms of this Agreement shall control. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any
required standards set forth in this Agreement and the Manual exist to protect Franchisor’s interests
in the Popeyes System and the Proprietary Marks and not for the purpose of establishing any
control or duty to take control over those matters that are reserved to Franchisee (including the
day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant and the conduct and management of
Franchisee’s employees).

VIII. TRAINING

        8.01. If the Franchised Restaurant is Franchisee’s first Popeyes Restaurant, a minimum
of five (5) designated management employees of Franchisee (including the Managing Director)
must complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, the Popeyes Training Program as described in the
Manual for their applicable management roles at the Franchised Restaurant (“PTP”), prior to
Franchisee’s opening or taking possession of the Franchised Restaurant. If the Franchised
Restaurant is not Franchisee’s first Popeyes Restaurant (i.e. Franchisee owns and operates one or
more Popeyes Restaurants as of the effective date of this Agreement as set forth on the Key
Contract Data page), and if Franchisee already has an approved Managing Director who has
completed PTP for his or her applicable management role in the Franchised Restaurant, then a
minimum of three (3) designated management employees of Franchisee must complete, to
Franchisor’s satisfaction, PTP for their applicable management roles at the Franchised Restaurant,
prior to Franchisee’s opening or taking possession of the Franchised Restaurant. The exact number
of Franchisee’s management employees required to complete PTP for their applicable

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       17
Exhibit D (03/2026)
