operation of Popeyes Restaurants, anywhere in the world, as they shall, in their sole discretion
elect.

        1.04.    Right to Open the Franchised Restaurant.

                A.      Prior to opening the Franchised Restaurant (or re-opening the Franchised
        Restaurant in the case of a transfer of an existing Franchised Restaurant), Franchisor
        reserves the right to conduct a final inspection of the Franchised Restaurant and its
        premises to determine if Franchisee has complied with this Agreement. Franchisor shall
        not be liable for delays or loss occasioned by its inability to complete its inspection prior
        to Franchisee’s scheduled opening date. Franchisee shall not open the Franchised
        Restaurant for business without the express written authorization of Franchisor, which may
        be withheld unless Franchisee has satisfied the following conditions:

                         1.    Franchisee is not in material default under this Agreement or any
                 other agreements with Franchisor.

                        2.     Franchisee is current on all monetary obligations due Franchisor and
                 has paid Franchisor the balance of the initial fees required by this Agreement and
                 any amendment to this Agreement.

                        3.     Franchisee has constructed the Franchised Restaurant substantially
                 in accordance with plans approved by Franchisor and with applicable laws,
                 ordinances and local codes.

                         4.     Franchisee has decorated the interior of the Franchised Restaurant
                 and purchased or leased and installed all specified and required fixtures, equipment,
                 furnishings and signs substantially in accordance with Franchisor’s standards and
                 specifications and only from suppliers designated or approved by Popeyes, which
                 may include Franchisor.

                         5.      Franchisee has obtained a certificate of occupancy and all other
                 required building, utility, health, sign, sanitation, safety or fire department
                 certificates, and other permits and licenses applicable to the Franchised Restaurant.
                 If requested by Franchisor, Franchisee shall submit a copy of the certificate of
                 occupancy to Franchisor.

                        6.     Franchisee has hired and trained a staff in accordance with the
                 requirements of this Agreement.

                        7.     Franchisee has purchased an opening inventory for the Franchised
                 Restaurant of only authorized and approved products and other materials and
                 supplies.




Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        3
Exhibit D (03/2026)
