must apply for, meet, and continuously maintain PLK’s then-current operational, financial, credit, legal and other
criteria for developing and operating a new Franchised Restaurant as set forth in the then-current PLK Franchise
Approval and Expansion Policy (herein, “Franchise Approval”) applicable to all franchisees of PLK in the U.S.
Developer understands and accepts that PLK may change its criteria for Franchise Approval as it applies to all
franchisees of PLK during the term of this Agreement. Failure to meet the requirements for operational, financial,
credit and/or legal approval shall constitute grounds for, among other things, PLK refusing to grant Franchise
Approval, Site Acceptance (as hereinafter defined), or withdrawing an approval already granted. Any failure by
Developer to qualify for Franchise Approval for any period of time shall not extend, modify or reduce the development
obligations of Developer under Article III, and if such failure results in Developer defaulting on its development
obligations under Article III, PLK may, in its sole discretion, exercise its rights under Section 6.1.

4.2      Site Acceptance.

         4.2.1    Developer must apply for and obtain Site Acceptance from PLK for each Franchised Restaurant to
be developed under this Agreement. Developer understands and acknowledges that Site Acceptance must be
obtained in addition to the permits required to construct, open and operate the Franchised Restaurants. For each
proposed Site, Developer must submit a complete "Site Acceptance Request Package" in the form specified by PLK,
together with such site information as required by PLK to evaluate the proposed Site, with a request for written PLK
site acceptance ("Site Acceptance"). Site Acceptance is indicated by PLK’s issuance of a “Conditional Site Approval
Letter”. Site Acceptance automatically expires (without any requirement of notice from PLK to Developer regarding
such expiration) eighteen (18) months following the date of the Conditional Site Approval Letter. Developer may
request a six (6) month extension of Site Acceptance for a Site within thirty (30) days following expiration of such
Site Acceptance (a “Site Acceptance Extension Request”). Simultaneously with any such Site Acceptance Extension
Request, Developer shall pay to PLK an amount equal to Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00).

         4.2.2     Developer agrees that PLK may, in its sole discretion, refuse to accept a site if, in PLK’s sole
discretion, the site does not meet PLK’s criteria for Site Acceptance. If Developer enters into any legally binding
commitment with respect to a potential site before PLK has granted Site Acceptance, then Developer shall bear
the entire risk of loss or damage resulting from a subsequent decision of PLK not to grant Site Acceptance. The
denial of Site Acceptance by PLK shall not extend, modify or reduce the development obligations of Developer
under Article III.

         4.2.3    Developer agrees that any site selection assistance, site identification, or offer to develop a Site by
or on behalf of PLK shall not be construed or interpreted as a representation or warranty relating directly or indirectly
to the success or viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant and no reliance shall be placed on any warranty,
representation or advice that may be given by any Person by or on behalf of PLK directly or indirectly relating to the
success or viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant. Developer agrees to conduct its own independent
investigation and due diligence with respect to the viability and success of a Site or Franchised Restaurant and
acknowledges that there are risks associated with the development of a Franchised Restaurant at any Site and that
there are no guarantees that any Site or Franchised Restaurant will be successful or viable.

4.3      Site Acquisition, Construction Approval and Construction.

         4.3.1     Within ninety (90) days following notice of Site Acceptance, Developer shall submit, in writing to
         PLK, satisfactory proof that Developer:

                  4.3.1.1 owns the Site;

                  4.3.1.2 has leased the Site for a term which, with renewal options, is not less than the initial term
                  of the Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant; or

                  4.3.1.3 has entered into a written agreement to purchase or to lease the Site on terms provided
                  herein, subject only to obtaining necessary governmental approvals.

Popeyes Development Agreement
Exhibit C3 (03/2026)
                                                         5
