         (e)          if the estimated cost of the Alteration exceeds $50,000.00, Lessee shall furnish to Lessor
                      a surety bond of a company acceptable to Lessor, in an amount equal to the estimated
                      cost of such work, or other security satisfactory to Lessor, guaranteeing the completion of
                      such work, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances;

         (f)          the Alterations shall comply with (i) the requirements of Title III of the Americans With
                      Disabilities Act of 1990 (“ADA”) as same may be amended from time to time; (ii) the
                      Americans With Disabilities Act Accessibility Guidelines 1991 (“ADAAG”) as same may be
                      amended from time to time which is a part of the ADA; (iii) the 2010 ADA Standards; and
                      (iv) all state and local building codes including any disabilities related statutes or codes
                      (collectively, the “Codes”) in the applicable jurisdiction where the Premises are located;
                      and

         (g)          upon completion of the Alterations, an architect shall inspect the Alterations and complete
                      the POPEYES® ADAAG Checklist, and complete a certificate of inspection, on a form to
                      be provided by Lessor, certifying that the Alterations are in compliance with Title III of the
                      ADA, the ADAAG, the 2010 ADA Standards and the Codes, as same may be amended
                      from time to time.

All buildings, additions, improvements, fixtures and appurtenances in or on the Premises at the
Commencement Date and those which may be erected, affixed or installed in or on the Premises during
the Term are deemed to be and shall immediately become part of the Premises and the sole property of
Lessor. All personalty installed by Lessee (except signs, trademarks and other insignia of Lessor) shall
remain the property of Lessee.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if requested by Lessor, the Lessee will remove from the Premises any or all
alterations, additions, and improvements, brought upon or affixed to the Premises and make good any
damage caused thereby.

§5.4 LIENS. Should Lessee cause any Alterations or Repairs to be made to the Premises, or cause any
labor to be performed or material to be furnished, neither Lessor nor the Premises shall under any
circumstances be liable for the payment of any expense incurred, and all such Alterations and Repairs shall
be made and performed at Lessee’s expense. If, because of any act or omission of Lessee, any mechanic’s
or other lien, charge, claim or order for the payment of money shall be filed against the Premises or against
Lessor, Lessee shall, at its own cost and expense, cause it to be canceled and discharged of record or
bonded within fifteen (15) days after filing or notice of filing thereof. In the event that the Lessee fails to
cause any such mechanics’ or other lien, charge or order to be canceled and discharged or bonded, then,
in addition, to any other right or remedy of the Lessor, the Lessor may, at its option, cancel or discharge
such lien, charge or order by paying the amount claimed to be due into court or directly to any claimant,
without inquiring into the validity or merits of such lien, charge or order, and the amount so paid by Lessor
and all costs and expenses including attorneys’ fees incurred for the cancellation or discharge of such lien
shall be due from the Lessee to the Lessor as an additional charge payable on demand.

§5.5 SIGNS. Lessee shall not place any signs or symbols on any portion of the Premises without the prior
written approval of Lessor.

§5.6 INSPECTION. Fee owner, Lessor or their representatives shall have the right to enter the Premises
at reasonable hours of any business day to ascertain if the Premises are in proper repair and condition.

§5.7 LICENSE AND LAWS. The Lessee shall, at its own cost and expense, obtain all necessary licenses
and/or permits which may be required for the conduct of its business; and Lessee shall, at its own cost and
expense, promptly observe and comply with all present and future laws, ordinances, requirements, orders,
directions, rules and regulations (referred to generally as “Regulations”) of governmental authorities having
or claiming jurisdiction over the Premises or the conduct of Lessee’s business. By way of example, and

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                           9
