must demonstrate compliance upon reasonable request, which may include having an independent third
party Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) conduct a PCI/DSS audit. In the event you are unable to
demonstrate full compliance, we may require that you engage the services of an approved vendor to assist
you on an ongoing basis. Having a secure managed firewall that meets our system standards is one part of
the current requirement. You must purchase or lease, install, and use pin pads provided by our approved
supplier, and you must also use our approved supplier to process all credit card, debit card and gift card
transactions. We have one sole supplier for the pin pads and one sole supplier for the credit card, debit card
and gift card transactions. We have a sole supplier of managed firewall services vendor. You must enter
into a contractual relationship directly with our approved managed firewall vendor.

        We may periodically require you to purchase, lease and install or construct, at your expense, all
improvements, furnishings, signs and equipment that we specify for the Franchised Restaurant, as well as
other furnishings, signs or equipment. You may not install or allow installation of improvements,
furnishings, signs or equipment for which we did not give our prior written approval.

         You must purchase and maintain insurance that meets our standards. Currently, you must maintain
the following types of insurance in the following amounts: (i) commercial general liability insurance with
a limit of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence, inclusive of bodily injury, death and property damage,
including premises and operations, independent contractors, products and completed operations, personal
injury, contractual, and broadform property damage liability coverages; (ii) commercial automobile liability
insurance on all owned, hired or leased vehicles, with a combined single limit of not less than $1,000,000.00
for bodily injury, death and property damage coverage; (iii) All Risk (special perils) property insurance on
a replacement cost basis without depreciation or co-insurance with limits as appropriate, covering the real
property of Franchisee and any real property which Franchisee may be obligated to insure by contract,
including but not limited to building, machinery, equipment, furniture, fixtures and inventory; (iv)
employer’s liability insurance for employee bodily injuries and deaths, with limits as of $1,000,000 bodily
injury by accident and disease; and, (v) you must also maintain workers compensation insurance with
statutory limits as required by the laws and regulations applicable to the employees of Franchisee who are
engaged in the performance of their duties relating to the Franchised Restaurant, including any pre-opening
training programs, as well as such other insurance as may be required by statute or regulation of the state
in which the Franchised Restaurant is located. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you are required to obtain
higher limits if required by applicable law, by the lease between you and your landlord, or if you sublease
the property from Franchisor with a headlease with higher limits.

         If you ask us to approve a new proposed supplier (other than for Trade Secret Products and
Proprietary Products), you (or the supplier) must make a written request to us seeking approval. If we
determine that a new supplier is necessary or appropriate, we or our designee will evaluate the proposed
supplier under our current criteria, including the right to require that the supplier allow our representatives
to inspect its facilities and that the supplier deliver samples, at our option, either to us or to an independent
laboratory that we designate for testing before we will grant our approval. The approval process ranges
from 90 days for simple items to 6 months for highly complex food formulas which require more extensive
testing. You or the supplier must pay a charge to cover the costs and expenses actually incurred by us,
including those of any third party acting on our behalf, to conduct any inspection, including the actual cost
of testing. We may periodically re-inspect the facilities and products of any approved supplier, the costs of
which will need to be covered by the supplier. We will also have the right to revoke our approval if we
find that a supplier no longer meets our standards or satisfies our criteria or to change suppliers, for any
reason, in our sole discretion. The process of reviewing possible suppliers and distributors includes many
factors, such as inspecting and testing sample products to determine whether the products meet our
standards, inspecting a proposed distributor’s physical plant and similar steps to assure compliance with
our standards for quality, safety and sanitation. We are not required to approve any particular supplier, nor
are we required to make available to prospective suppliers any of our standards or specifications for

Item 8
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 37
