formulas that we deem confidential or proprietary. If we conclude that an approved supplier or distributor
no longer meets our standards, we will revoke our approval of that supplier or distributor.

        We currently charge an annual fee to approved suppliers to cover the expenses of our Supplier and
Product Enterprise Quality system (SPEQ). We also seek reimbursement from the supplier for the expenses
associated with the approval and monitoring process, including third party audit fees, testing fees, approval
coordination, specification writing and complaint management. Approved food, packaging and equipment
suppliers must meet required specifications and maintain certain standards and satisfy other criteria on an
ongoing basis, and are subject to ongoing review. They must also participate in quality assurance programs
we require and make payments to third party vendors operating these programs. Approved and proposed
suppliers pay for the testing, audit and other costs associated with the evaluation and monitoring of the
supplier, its products and services. These costs may instead be paid by us, to be determined on a case-by-
case basis.

        Various suppliers make payments to us in consideration of purchases and payments made by
Franchisees and us. Payments to us based upon Franchisee purchases may take the form of rebates based
upon purchases, flat fee payments or the provision of products or services to us or our affiliates at or below
market rates. We currently contribute some of these payments to the Ad Fund administered by us. These
contributions vary and are generally for system wide initiatives. In the year ended December 31, 2025,
these contributions totaled approximately 4.8% of the consolidated fund revenue. Approved suppliers may
implement programs that benefit Popeyes Restaurants, and we may receive benefits from those programs
as a purchaser with respect to Restaurants we own. We may incur additional costs and expenses to develop
or improve certain products and services (including, without limitation, food and paper goods, equipment,
uniforms, computer hardware or software) which ultimately may be provided to the Restaurants by
approved suppliers.

        We have beverage marketing agreements with The Coca-Cola Company, acting by and through
Coca-Cola North America (collectively, “CCR”) and Dr. Pepper/ Snapple Group (“KDPR”) where CCR
and KDPR make funding available in an amount that is calculated based on the gallons of fountain
beverages purchased by Franchised Restaurants annually. Payments to us based upon Franchisee purchases
may take the form of rebates based upon purchases, flat fee payments or the provision of products or
services to us or our affiliates at or below market rates. We currently contribute some of these payments to
the Ad Fund administered by us. These contributions vary and are generally for system wide initiatives.
Although not directly related to required purchases or leases by franchisees, we receive sponsorship revenue
from suppliers in connection with our annual franchise convention. Except as disclosed in this Item, neither
we nor any of our affiliates presently derive revenue or other material consideration from required purchases
or leases by Popeyes franchisees.

        In the year ending December 31, 2025, our revenues from required purchases and leases from
Franchisees were approximately $13.7 million, which represented approximately 1.7% of our total revenues
of approximately $799 million. These figures are taken from our unaudited internal financial statements.

         We will provide our standards to you through our Manual, which we will make available to you
after you sign your Franchise Agreement and pay us the Initial Franchise Fee and any other amounts then
due. In order for you to benefit from new knowledge, information, methods, and technology adapted and
used by us in the operation of the System, we may update and revise the Manual or provide other standards
or manuals periodically, and we will notify you of these changes by electronic or written communication
(including the Internet). You must review, understand, adhere to and abide by all revisions to the Manual.
In addition, we may modify, add to, or rescind any requirement, standard, or specification set forth in the
Manual to adapt the Popeyes System to changing conditions, competitive circumstances, business
strategies, business practices, and technological innovations and other changes that we deem appropriate in

Item 8
03/2026                                                                                               Page 38
