       4.07. Financial Ratios. Franchisee shall at all times meet all then current financial ratios
Franchisor uses to evaluate Popeyes franchisees for financial approval to expand in the Popeyes
System, and Franchisee’s failure to meet such financial ratios shall constitute a default of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 15.03.

V.      PROPRIETARY MARKS

       5.01. It is understood and agreed that the franchise granted herein to use Franchisor’s
Proprietary Marks applies only to use in connection with the operation of the Franchised
Restaurant franchised in this Agreement at the location designated in Section I hereof, and includes
only such Proprietary Marks as are now designated or which may hereafter be designated, in the
Manual or otherwise in writing as a part of the System (which might or might not be all of the
Proprietary Marks pertaining to the System owned by Franchisor), and does not include any other
mark, name, or indicia of origin of Franchisor now existing or which may hereafter be adopted or
acquired by Franchisor.

      5.02. With respect to Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks pursuant to this
Agreement, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that:

               A.      Franchisee shall not use the Proprietary Marks as part of Franchisee’s
        corporate or other business name;

               B.     Franchisee shall not hold out or otherwise use the Proprietary Marks to
        perform any activity or incur any obligation or indebtedness in such manner as might, in
        any way, make Franchisor liable therefore, without Franchisor’s prior written consent;

              C.      Franchisee shall execute any documents and provide such other assistance
        deemed necessary by Franchisor or its counsel to obtain protection for the Proprietary
        Marks or to maintain the continued validity of such Proprietary Marks; and

                D.     Franchisor reserves the right to substitute different Proprietary Marks for
        use in identifying the System and the franchised businesses operating thereunder, and
        Franchisee agrees to immediately substitute Proprietary Marks upon receipt of written
        notice from Franchisor.

       5.03. Franchisee expressly acknowledges Franchisor’s exclusive right to use the mark
“Popeyes” for restaurant services, fried chicken, and other related food products; the building
configuration; and the other Proprietary Marks of the System. Franchisee agrees not to represent
in any manner that it has any ownership in the Proprietary Marks or the right to use the Proprietary
Marks except as provided in this Agreement. Franchisee further agrees that its use of the
Proprietary Marks shall not create in its favor any right, title, or interest in or to the Proprietary
Marks, and that all of such use shall inure to the benefit of Franchisor.

        5.04. Franchisee acknowledges that the use of the Proprietary Marks outside the scope of
this license, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, is an infringement of Franchisor’s
exclusive right to use the Proprietary Marks, and during the term of this Agreement and after the

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       11
Exhibit D (03/2026)
