         6.      We will make available an initial training program at your cost in a Certified Training
Restaurant and other training locations designated by us. Each Franchisee or applicant must complete
certain training before being approved by us to operate a Restaurant. Some of these courses may require
payment of a nonrefundable materials or course fee to us or a third party. The fee for each participant is
$5,000, payable before training begins. From time to time we may offer reduced training fees or package
pricing for Franchisees enrolling multiple participants in the same session. Any such discounts are offered
at our discretion and may vary based on timing, availability, and program enrollment levels. If the
Franchised Restaurant is your first Popeyes Restaurant, then at least 5 of your designated management
employees at the Franchised Restaurant (we will determine the exact number) must complete this training
program. If the Franchised Restaurant is not your first Popeyes Restaurant (i.e. you already own and operate
one or more Popeyes Restaurants as of the date of this disclosure document), then at least 4 of your
designated management employees at the Franchised Restaurant (we will determine the exact number) must
complete this training program. In either case, one of the designated management employees must include
the Managing Director for the Franchised Restaurant as further described in Item 15. [Franchise
Agreement, Section 8.01 and 8.02]
Continuing Obligations

          During the operation of your Franchised Restaurant, we will provide the following assistance to you.

         1.     We will approve Vendor(s) that provide the ability to poll data and information from your
Franchised Restaurant’s systems (including your POS and BOH Systems (as defined below), such as
information regarding sales, menu mix, transaction-level data, inventory, labor, speed of service and other
similar items. We will have access to the polled data and information. [Franchise Agreement, Section 10.14]

        2.       For the duration of the Franchise Agreement, we will make the Manual available to you
electronically via the Internet or other electronic format. The Brand Standards Manual contains the
standards, specifications, standard operating procedures and techniques of the System. [Franchise
Agreement, Section 9.04] The Index to our Brand Standards Manual as of the date of this disclosure
document is attached as Exhibit I and, as of that date, the Brand Standards Manual contained approximately
59 pages.

         3.       We will make available to you or require additional training as we, in our discretion, choose
to conduct or require. Some of these courses may require payment of a nonrefundable materials or course
fee to us or a third party. The fee for each employee is $5,000, payable before the training begins. From
time to time we may offer reduced training fees for Franchisees enrolling multiple employees in the same
session. Any such discounts are offered at our discretion and may vary based on timing, availability, and
program enrollment levels. [Franchise Agreement, Section 8.05]

       4.        We will make available to you continuing advisory assistance in the operation of the
Restaurant, in person or by bulletins, as we deem appropriate. [Franchise Agreement, Section 9.01]

       5.       We (or our designated affiliate) will maintain and administer an Advertising Fund, and in
some areas, a Co-op (as defined in this Item). [Franchise Agreement, Sections 3.02, 10.08]

        6.       In order for you to benefit from new knowledge, information, methods, and technology
adopted and used by us in the operation of the System, we may revise the contents of the Manual
periodically by bulletin, video, the Internet, electronic mail, or by other electronic or written communication
(including an online learning management system designated by us). You must review, understand, adhere
to and abide by all revisions to the Manual. In addition, we may modify, add to, or rescind any requirement,
standard, or specification in the Manual to adapt the System to changing conditions, competitive
circumstances, business strategies, business practices, and technological innovations and other changes that

Item 11
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 47
