§4.3 ADJUSTING: PROCEEDS. Claims for loss due to damage to the Premises under any policies
provided for in this Lease shall be adjusted with the insurance companies:

         (a)          by Lessee in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage or destruction not
                      exceeding $25,000, or

         (b)          by Lessor and Lessee, in the case of any particular casualty resulting in damage or
                      destruction exceeding $25,000 in the aggregate. Subject to the rights of any mortgagee,
                      the proceeds of any insurance shall be payable as follows:

                      (1)    With respect to any loss not exceeding $25,000 in the aggregate, proceeds shall
                             be paid to Lessee, who shall hold them in trust for the purpose of paying the costs
                             of repair and restoration; and

                      (2)    With respect to losses exceeding $25,000 in the aggregate, the proceeds shall be
                             paid to Lessor and shall be applied to pay the costs of repair and restoration.

§4.4 JOINT EFFORTS. Lessee and Lessor shall cooperate in attempts to collect any insurance proceeds
that may be due in the event of loss, and Lessee shall execute and deliver to Lessor such proofs of loss
and other instruments which may be required for the purpose of recovering these proceeds.

§4.5 WAIVER OF SUBROGATION. Lessee agrees to look solely to the proceeds of his own insurer for
indemnity against exposure for loss of property or business interruption. Lessee warrants that its property
and business interruption insurers shall have no rights against Lessor by virtue of assignment, subrogation,
loan agreement or otherwise.

§4.6 CANCELLATION OF INSURANCE. If any insurance policy covering the Premises or any part of it is
canceled or is threatened by the insurer to be canceled, or if the coverage thereunder is reduced in any
way by the insurer for any reason, and if Lessee fails to remedy the condition giving rise to cancellation,
threatened cancellation, or reduction of coverage within forty-eight (48) hours after notice thereof by Lessor,
Lessor may, at its option, either (i) reenter the Premises forthwith by leaving upon the Premises a notice in
writing of its intention to do so (in which case the provisions of Article VIII shall apply) or (ii) enter the
Premises and remedy the condition giving rise to such cancellation, threatened cancellation or reduction,
and Lessee shall forthwith pay the cost thereof to Lessor (which cost may be collected by Lessor as
Additional Rent) and Lessor shall not be liable for any damage or injury caused to any property of Lessee
or of others located on the Premises as a result of any such entry.

§4.7 LOSS AND DAMAGE. Lessor shall not be liable for any death or injury occurring on the Premises,
nor for the loss of or damage to any of the personalty or other property of Lessee or of others by theft or
otherwise, from any cause whatsoever. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Lessor shall not be
liable for any injury or damage to persons or property resulting from fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam,
dampness, gas, electricity, water, rain, snow, or leaks from any part of the Premises or from the pipes,
appliances or plumbing works or from the roof, street or subsurface or from any other place by any other
cause whatsoever. Lessor shall not be liable for any such damage caused by other persons or occupants
of adjacent property, or the public, or caused by operations in construction of any private, public or
quasi-public work. All of the personalty or any other property of Lessee kept or stored on the Premises
shall be kept or stored at the risk of Lessee.

                                                      V.
                                                 THE PREMISES

§5.1 USE AND SERVICES. During the Term of this Lease, Lessee shall continuously operate a POPEYES
restaurant on the Premises in accordance with the terms of the POPEYES Franchise Agreement entered
into by Lessee contemporaneously with this Lease (the “Franchise Agreement”), unless Lessee is

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                         7
