       21.03. All captions in the Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the parties,
and none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof. In this
Agreement, the words “include”, “includes”, and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by
the phrase “without limitation”.

       21.04. All references herein to the masculine, neuter or singular shall be construed to
include the masculine, feminine, neuter or plural, where applicable, and all acknowledgments,
promises, covenants, agreements and obligations herein made or undertaken by Franchisee shall
be deemed jointly and severally undertaken by all the parties hereto on behalf of Franchisee.

        21.05. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which when
executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute
but one and the same agreement. By entering into this Agreement, Franchisee expressly consents
to transact business with Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act and all other applicable state and federal laws, this Agreement may be executed
by electronic signatures. The parties to this Agreement agree that (i) the parties’ electronic
signatures are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use
of manual signatures, and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Agreement shall constitute
an original for all purposes.

XXII. ENTIRE AGREEMENT: SURVIVAL

        22.01. This Agreement, the Key Contract Data page to this Agreement, the documents
referred to herein, and the exhibits hereto, constitute the entire, full and complete agreement
between Franchisor and Franchisee concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede any and
all prior agreements. Except for those permitted to be made unilaterally by Franchisor hereunder,
no amendment, change, modification or variance of this Agreement shall be binding on either party
unless in writing and executed by Franchisor and Franchisee. Representations by either party,
whether oral, in writing, electronic or otherwise, that are not set forth in this Agreement (other than
those set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document provided by Franchisor to Franchisee) shall
not be binding upon the party alleged to have made such representations and shall be of no force
or effect. However, and notwithstanding the foregoing, no provision in this Agreement is intended
to disclaim any representation made by Franchisor in the Franchise Disclosure Document provided
by Franchisor to Franchisee.

       Franchisee has read this Section 22.01., and Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that
neither it nor any of its owners, directors, officers, or employees has been induced by (and
none of the foregoing are relying upon) any representation not contained in this Agreement
or the Franchise Disclosure Document provided by Franchisor at least 14 days prior to the
execution of any agreement with Franchisor or any affiliate or the payment of any money to
Franchisor or any affiliate.

       22.02. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the termination of this
Agreement for any reason whatsoever (including the execution of a subsequent Franchise
Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2.02.B. and 14.03.F.), or upon the expiration of
the Term hereof, any provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, extend beyond the

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        49
Exhibit D (03/2026)
