      the Assurance of Discontinuance, notify the Washington Attorney General if any of our franchisees
      attempt to enforce such a provision, offer to amend existing Franchise Agreements to delete the no-
      poach language and remove the language from existing Franchise Agreements as they come up for
      renewal. We satisfied the requirements in the Assurance of Discontinuance and submitted to the
      State of Washington a declaration of completion.

17.   Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed
      or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall
      have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud
      in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
      seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term
      of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

18.   Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise agreement or
      related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or complaining to
      regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document and is
      unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).

19.   Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection
      Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the business of the offer or sale of
      franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to
      the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with a franchise broker,
      franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker about
      a franchise.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties do hereby acknowledge receipt of this Addendum.


                                                FRANCHISOR:

                                                POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC.


                                                By:
                                                Name:
                                                Its:


                                                FRANCHISEE:

                                                *

                                                By:
                                                Name:
                                                        Managing Owner




03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                 Washington Disclosure (Page 3 of 3)
