         The proof required by this Section 4.3.1 includes submission of executed copies of all leases and deeds, as
         well as all governmental approvals if effectiveness of leases or deeds is conditioned thereon. Failure to
         provide PLK with the proof required by this Section 4.3.1 within the 90-day period set forth in this Section
         4.3.1 shall result in automatic and immediate revocation of the relevant Site Acceptance without any
         requirement of notice from PLK to Developer.

         4.3.2    PLK assumes no liability or responsibility for: (a) evaluation of an approved Site’s soil for hazardous
         substance; (b) inspection of any structure on the approved Site for asbestos or other toxic or hazardous
         materials; (c) compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act (the “ADA”); or (d) compliance with any
         other applicable law. It is Developer’s sole responsibility to obtain satisfactory evidence and/or assurances
         that the approved Site (and any structures thereon) is free from environmental contamination and in
         compliance with the requirements of the ADA.

         4.3.3   If Developer proposes to lease or sublease the Site, the lease or sublease shall not contain any
         covenants, use clauses or other obligations that would prevent Developer from performing its obligations
         under the applicable Franchise Agreement for the applicable Franchised Restaurant.

         4.3.4    All Franchised Restaurants must be constructed, equipped and furnished in accordance with PLK
         approved plans and specifications (the “Construction Plans”). Prior to construction, Developer must obtain
         from PLK written architectural and design approval of Developer's plans as indicated by issuance of a
         restaurant number. Developer must obtain PLK’s approval of the type of facility, site layout, and equipment
         configuration for each Franchised Restaurant, including the building design, style, size, interior decor, type
         of equipment, service format and equipment arrangement (“Construction Approval”). For the avoidance
         of doubt, Construction Approval solely indicates PLK’s approval of the Franchised Restaurant design in
         accordance with the Construction Plans. The failure to obtain Construction Approval in accordance with this
         Section 4.3.4 is an Event of Default under Section 6.1.9 below.

         4.3.5      PLK assumes no liability for the adequacy of any Construction Plans. Developer assumes all cost,
         liability and expense for developing, constructing and equipping the Franchised Restaurant. It shall be
         Developer’s responsibility to have prepared Construction Plans to suit the shape and dimensions of the Site,
         and Developer shall ensure that the Construction Plans comply with applicable ordinances, ADA
         requirements, building codes and permit requirements and with lease requirements and restrictions.
         Developer shall obtain and use only registered architects, registered engineers, and professional and
         licensed contractors who demonstrate to PLK’s reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet PLK’s reasonable
         quality standards (as determined by PLK in its reasonable discretion), in each case, to prepare the
         Construction Plans (including surveys and site and foundation plans), to adapt the Construction Plans to
         applicable local or state laws, regulations or ordinances, and to construct the Franchised Restaurant.
         Developer shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of all Construction
         Plans including the costs and expenses incurred for any plans containing deviations or modifications from
         PLK’s standard plans and specifications. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Franchised Restaurant may not
         open if construction has not been performed in substantial compliance with the Construction Plans as
         approved by PLK. PLK may terminate this Agreement if such non-compliance is not cured within a
         commercially reasonable amount of time.

4.4       Notice of Franchised Restaurant. At least forty-five (45) days prior to the proposed opening date of each
Franchised Restaurant, Developer shall notify PLK in writing of such proposed opening. Upon receipt of such notice,
PLK may provide a representative to be present at the opening of the first Franchised Restaurant. At PLK's option, the
first Franchised Restaurant shall not be opened unless such representative is present. Thereafter, each Franchised
Restaurant shall not open until Developer has received PLK’s prior written approval to open. Should commencement
of operation of the first Franchised Restaurant be delayed by the failure of PLK to provide such a representative, the
date upon which commencement of operation of such Franchised Restaurant is required pursuant to this Agreement
shall be extended until such time as such assistance is provided by PLK. Should Developer reschedule the opening date
of Developer’s first Franchised Restaurant less than thirty (30) days prior to the date scheduled with PLK, Developer

Popeyes Development Agreement
Exhibit C3 (03/2026)
                                                         6
