                              MULTIPLE TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
                                          (NON-EXCLUSIVE)

This Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into in Miami, Florida as
of the _____ day of __________________, 20__, (“Effective Date”) by and between POPEYES
LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC. ("PLK"), a Minnesota corporation having its principal place of business at
5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida, 33126, and
("Developer").

                                                 INTRODUCTION

         In consideration of the mutual undertakings and covenants contained in this Agreement and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows:

                                                ARTICLE I: GRANT

1.1       Target Areas. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PLK grants Developer a non-
exclusive right to develop POPEYES® restaurants (each a “Franchised Restaurant” and collectively, the
“Franchised Restaurants”) within the specific geographic areas set forth on Exhibit A (the “Target Areas”).
Developer may submit additional proposed Target Areas to PLK for approval within sixty (60) days from the
Effective Date. Developer acknowledges and agrees that all Target Areas shall be located within the
territory set forth on Exhibit A (the “Territory”).

PLK and Developer will review the Target Areas as needed throughout the term of this Agreement and may
make amendments to the Target Areas as mutually agreed by the parties. At PLK’s sole discretion, the total
number of Target Areas listed on Exhibit A can exceed the number of required restaurant openings. Each
Franchised Restaurant will be developed at a specific address in a Target Area (each, a “Site”), and any
proposed Site shall be subject to the prior approval of PLK, in its sole discretion, as described herein.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Developer acknowledges and agrees that if
any part of the Target Area falls within the Protected Area (as such term is defined in the applicable
Franchise Agreement) granted by PLK to a PLK franchisee pursuant to a franchise agreement entered into
prior to, on or after the Effective Date, the Target Area shall not include such Protected Area.

1.2      Substitute Target Area. If PLK denies all Site Approval (as defined below) requests submitted by
Developer prior to the Site Approval Due Date (as defined below) for any Term Year and PLK determines
there is no other comparable Site in the Target Area, PLK will allow Developer to remove a Target Area
from Exhibit A and replace it with a new Target Area acceptable to PLK in its sole discretion.

1.3      No Territorial or Other Rights. The non-exclusive rights granted to Developer in this Agreement
are for the Target Areas set forth in Exhibit A only, and: (a) Developer has no express or implied territorial
rights in any area to develop POPEYES® restaurants; (b) PLK has the unconditional right to directly or
indirectly develop, establish and/or approve a franchisee to develop POPEYES® restaurants within and
outside of the Target Areas; (c) the development rights specifically exclude the right to obtain approval for
development of a POPEYES® restaurant at any institutional locations, including, but not limited to, public
buildings, schools, hospitals, airports, factories, turnpikes, toll roads, universities, and existing or hereafter
established U.S. military establishments; and (d) rights or approvals previously granted by PLK to other
persons or entities are not affected by this Agreement. This Agreement shall not limit PLK’s ability to renew
or extend existing agreements or enter into new agreements for any POPEYES® restaurants whether
previously approved and under development or otherwise.




Popeyes Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C2 (03/2026)
                                                        1
