travel (including daily transportation to and from training), accommodations, meals, program materials and
fees, uniforms and employee wages and benefits (including any routine or emergency medical services). It
is solely your responsibility to hire, train and otherwise be solely responsible for the employees in your
Franchised Restaurant. We may offer training to your employees from time to time, and we may require
you to send your employees to training programs and pay our applicable fees for providing that training.
However, the fact that we may offer training to your employees does not relieve you from your primary
responsibility to assure that your employees are properly trained.

        All members of the Popeyes training team have extensive experience in training or operations with
us and/or other hospitality companies. We employ the following individuals on our training staff who have
the responsibility for delivering training programs, courses and support materials:

Director, Operations Training: Joseph Papiro

        Mr. Papiro joined Popeyes in July 2023. Before joining Popeyes, Mr. Papiro had over 11 years of
experience in training and operations at Domino’s Pizza LLC.

Point-of-Sale and Back-of-House Systems

        You must purchase, install, and use at your Franchised Restaurant a point-of-sale system (“POS
System”) provided by a vendor we have approved. The POS System at your Franchised Restaurant must
be approved in writing by us and meet our specifications.

        You must also purchase, install, and use a back-of-house system (“BOH System”) for your new
Franchised Restaurant that has been approved in writing by us and meets our specifications. The BOH
System provides functionality allowing the restaurant manager to track and manage inventory, food cost,
labor scheduling, labor management, and other general restaurant management tasks and information. In
addition, the BOH System provides reporting capabilities in the areas of inventory and labor management,
cash management and accountability and menu mix, allowing the restaurant manager and above-store
operators to have full visibility into all aspects of restaurant operations.

         The Franchise Agreement allows us or our vendor to independently poll data and information from
your Franchised Restaurants’ systems (including your POS and BOH Systems), such as sales, menu mix,
transaction-level data, inventory, labor, speed of service, and other similar items. In addition, we or our
vendor will maintain standard recipes, menus, and reports. We will require that you use and adhere to a
standardized set of menu sales item Product Look Up (PLU) codes and descriptors for every menu sales
item in your POS System and BOH System, including limited time offers (“LTOs”). There are no
contractual limits on our right to independently poll information from your POS and BOH Systems as
approved, either directly or through an approved vendor. You must subscribe to the approved polling
solution. The POS and BOH Systems will permit you to manage cash control, inventory control, labor
scheduling, sales forecasting and price change control. [Franchise Agreement, Section 4.06] You must
follow all Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance practices. We have the right to request documentation
from you at any time demonstrating your PCI compliance status.

         We may revise our specifications for the POS and BOH Systems periodically. Consequently, you
must upgrade, update or add new features or components to your POS and BOH Systems at such time as
specifications are revised. You must purchase a high speed broad band or cable internet connection which
will allow us and/or our vendors to freely update menus, recipes, system configuration and independently
retrieve data and information from your POS and BOH System, including daily sales, menu mix and other
data as we determine. Approved POS providers offer hardware and software maintenance services and
even menu maintenance services where they will maintain the PLU’s, recipes, prices, and POS

Item 11
03/2026                                                                                             Page 53
