expiration or termination hereof, Franchisee covenants not to, directly or indirectly, commit an act
of infringement or contest or aid in contesting the validity or ownership of Franchisor’s Proprietary
Marks, or take any other action in derogation thereof.

         5.05. Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor of any suspected infringement of, or
challenge to, the validity of the ownership of, or Franchisor’s right to use, the Proprietary Marks
licensed hereunder. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor has the right to control any
administrative proceeding or litigation involving the Proprietary Marks. In the event Franchisor
undertakes the defense or prosecution of any litigation relating to the Proprietary Marks,
Franchisee agrees to execute any and all documents and to do such acts and things as may, in the
opinion of counsel for Franchisor, be necessary to carry out such defense or prosecution. Except
to the extent that such litigation is the result of Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks in a
manner inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, Franchisor agrees to reimburse Franchisee
for its out-of-pocket costs in doing such acts and things, except that Franchisee shall bear the salary
costs of its employees.

       5.06. Franchisee understands and agrees that its license with respect to the Proprietary
Marks is non-exclusive to the extent that Franchisor has and retains the right under this Agreement:

                A.     To grant other licenses for the Proprietary Marks, in addition to those
        licenses already granted to existing franchisees;

                B.     To develop and establish other franchise systems for the same, similar, or
        different products or services utilizing proprietary marks not now or hereafter designated
        as part of the System licensed by this Agreement, and to grant licenses thereto, without
        providing Franchisee any right therein; and

               C.      To develop and establish other systems for the sale, at wholesale or retail,
        of similar or different products utilizing the same or similar Proprietary Marks, without
        providing Franchisee any right therein.

        5.07. Franchisee acknowledges and expressly agrees that any and all goodwill associated
with the System and identified by the Proprietary Marks used in connection therewith shall inure
directly and exclusively to the benefit of Franchisor and is the property of Franchisor, and that upon
the expiration or termination of this Agreement or any other agreement, no monetary amount shall
be assigned as attributable to any goodwill associated with any of Franchisee’s activities in the
operation of the Franchised Restaurant granted herein, or Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks.

       5.08. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that each and every detail of the Popeyes
System is important to Franchisee, Franchisor, and other franchisees in order to develop and
maintain high and uniform standards of quality and services, and hence to protect the reputation
and goodwill of Popeyes Restaurants. Accordingly, Franchisee covenants:

               A.     To operate and advertise the Franchised Restaurant, at Franchisee’s own
        expense, under the name “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen,” without prefix or suffix;


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        12
Exhibit D (03/2026)
