                        1.     Any and all amounts owed to Franchisor and/or its affiliates under
                 any agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee, are current (i.e., there are no
                 amounts delinquent), including Royalty, Advertising Contribution, lease payments,
                 promissory note payments, etc., and all related documents, reports and financial
                 statements have been provided as required by Franchisor;

                         2.     Franchisee’s operation of any and all restaurants and/or other
                 businesses operated under any agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor (or
                 any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Franchisor) are in compliance with the
                 standards set forth in the respective franchise agreements and manuals applicable
                 to such restaurants and/or businesses, or as otherwise set forth in writing;

                        3.      Franchisee does not, at such time, operate any franchised restaurant
                 which has failed to meet Franchisor’s minimum quality, service and/or cleanliness
                 standards applicable to such restaurant;

                         4.     Franchisee is in compliance with all the material terms and
                 conditions of any and all agreements between Franchisee and Franchisor, including
                 any franchise agreement, development agreement, lease agreement, promissory
                 note, etc.;

                        5.     There is, at such time, no pending or threatened litigation between
                 Franchisee and Franchisor (or any parent, subsidiary of affiliate of Franchisor); and

                         6.     Franchisee meets all then-current financial ratios that Franchisor
                 uses to evaluate new franchisees for financial approval.

                E.      Franchisee has paid or otherwise satisfied all monetary obligations owed by
        Franchisee to Franchisor and its subsidiaries and affiliates and any indebtedness of
        Franchisee which is guaranteed by Franchisor, and Franchisee has timely paid or otherwise
        satisfied these obligations throughout the term of this Agreement;

                F.     Franchisee agrees, at its sole cost and expense, to reimage, renovate,
        refurbish and modernize the Franchised Restaurant, within the timeframe required by
        Franchisor, including the building design, parking lot, landscaping, equipment, signs,
        interior and exterior decor items, fixtures, furnishings, trade dress, color scheme,
        presentation of trademarks and service marks, supplies and other products and materials to
        meet Franchisor’s then-current standards, specifications and design criteria for Popeyes
        Restaurants, as contained in the then-current franchise agreement, the Manual, or otherwise
        in writing, including such structural changes, remodeling and redecoration and such
        modifications to existing improvement as may be necessary to do so; and

                G.     Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a renewal fee in an amount equal to fifty
        percent (50%) of Franchisor’s then-current standard, initial franchise fee when Franchisee
        signs the franchise agreement for the Renewal Term.

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        5
Exhibit D (03/2026)
