the provisions of this Section 18.03. shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement
and be fully binding and enforceable as though such expiration or termination had not occurred.

        18.04. Franchisor shall advise Franchisee in the event Franchisor receives notice that a
claim has been or may be filed with respect to a matter covered by this Agreement, and Franchisee
shall immediately assume the defense thereof at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense. In any event,
Franchisor will have the right, through counsel of its choice, to control any matter to the extent it
could directly or indirectly affect Franchisor and/or its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates or their
officers, directors, employees, agents, successors or assigns. If Franchisee fails to assume such
defense, Franchisor may defend, settle, and litigate such action in the manner it deems appropriate
and Franchisee shall, immediately upon demand, pay to Franchisor all costs (including attorneys’
fees and litigation expenses) incurred by Franchisor in affecting such defense, in addition to any
sum which Franchisor may pay by reason of any settlement or judgment against Franchisor.

       18.05. Franchisor’s right to indemnity hereunder shall exist notwithstanding that joint or
several liability may be imposed upon Franchisor by statute, ordinance, regulation or judicial
decision.

       18.06. Franchisee agrees to pay Franchisor all expenses attorneys’ fees and court costs,
incurred by Franchisor, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their successors and assigns to
remedy any defaults of or enforce any rights under this Agreement, effect termination of this
Agreement or collect any amounts due under this Agreement.

XIX. APPROVALS AND WAIVERS

       19.01. Whenever this Agreement requires the approval of Franchisor, Franchisee shall
make a timely written request to Franchisor therefore, and such approval or consent shall be in
writing. Whenever this Agreement or any related agreement grants, confers or reserves to
Franchisor the right to take action, refrain from taking action, or grant or withhold Franchisor’s
consent or approval, unless the provision specifically states otherwise, Franchisor may take into
consideration Franchisor’s good faith assessment of the long term interests of all stakeholders in
the Popeyes System. When the terms of this Agreement specifically require that Franchisor not
unreasonably withhold Franchisor’s approval or consent, if Franchisee is in default of this
Agreement (after applicable notice and cure period), any withholding of Franchisor’s approval or
consent will be considered reasonable.

       19.02. Franchisor makes no warranties or guarantees upon which Franchisee may rely, and
assumes no liability or obligation to Franchisee or any third party to which Franchisor would not
otherwise be subject, by providing any waiver, approval, advice, consent, or suggestions to
Franchisee in connection with this Agreement, or by reason of any neglect, delay, or denial of any
request therefore.

        19.03. No failure of Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to it in this Agreement, or
to insist upon compliance by Franchisee with any obligation or condition in this Agreement, and
no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a waiver of
Franchisor’s right to demand exact compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Waiver by

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       47
Exhibit D (03/2026)
