                                 AMENDMENT TO
                    MULTIPLE TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
                      REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Multiple Target Reservation
Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all POPEYES franchises offered
and sold in the State of Maryland:

      1.      The second sentence of Section 10.7 of the Multiple Target Reservation
Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.

         2.     The second sentence of Article IX entitled “Entire Agreement” is hereby deleted in
its entirety.

        3.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

       4.      Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Amendment.

         By entering into this Amendment, Developer expressly consents to transact business with
Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and all
other applicable state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by electronic
signatures. The parties to this Amendment agree that (i) the parties’ electronic signatures are
intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual
signatures, and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Amendment shall constitute an original
for all purposes.

                         [THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]




State of Maryland Amendment to MTRA
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                           (Page 1 of 2)
