upon your advisors. The high estimate includes an additional $20,000 to account for an expense
reimbursement pursuant to the Development Agreement or the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement. If
you use vendors that are not on our “Qualified Partners” list for construction management services to
oversee the construction of your Franchised Restaurant, you must pay us $20,000 to $80,000 for us to
review your construction management vendor and the construction of your Franchised Restaurant, which
is included in the high estimate. These amounts are due upon invoice (generally before you start
construction of your Franchised Restaurant). See Item 5 for more detail.

       6        Site Work. This estimate covers site improvement costs such as sewer, electrical, water,
storm water, paving, striping, concrete, landscaping, grading and excavation, and site accessories.

         7        Building. This estimate includes the costs of constructing improvements, or “building out,”
the premises at which you will operate your Franchised Restaurant. Among other things, you will need to
arrange for proper wiring and plumbing, floor covering, wall covering, partitions, heat, air conditioning,
lighting installation, storefront modifications, painting, cabinetry, bathroom facilities, etc. as outlined in
architectural Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing (MEP) drawings. You will need to hire a qualified
licensed general contractor. Free Standing Restaurants are ordinarily of masonry or frame construction.
Costs to build a new Popeyes Restaurant to comply with local codes and requirements will likely vary by
municipality and may be much higher if you wish to establish your Franchised Restaurant in an area where
special requirements of any kind will apply (such as historical, architectural, or preservation requirements).
It is your responsibility to gain a complete understanding of these costs, which may be significant.

          8       Furniture, Fixtures, Equipment, Signage and Technology. You must purchase certain items
of furniture, fixtures, equipment, signage, smallwares, and a technology package (point-of-sale and back-
of-house computer systems and firewall) for your Franchised Restaurant. The Manual contains a complete
list of the needed items. As the above table indicates, the cost of equipment and signage varies depending
on the size and location of the Franchised Restaurant.

        9        Initial Training. In connection with the initial training, you will need to arrange and pay
for transportation, lodging, food, proper uniforms and incidental expenses for you and your designated
management employees. You must also pay the salaries and benefits of your designated management
employees. The expenses you will incur depend on factors such as the cost of travel, hotel accommodations
and meals, as well as employee salaries and associated costs. In addition, training expenses will vary
depending upon how many employees you send to training. We may require that you send a certain
minimum number of employees that we determine to training. In addition, if the in-house portion of
Popeyes Training Program (as more particularly described in Item 11) for a Free Standing Restaurant is
completed at a Popeyes Restaurant that is owned by another Popeyes franchisee, you may be required to
reimburse that franchisee for certain training costs as described in Item 11.

        10      Opening Supplies. We estimate that this amount will be sufficient to cover a supply of
food, paper products, uniforms and required training materials for the first one to two weeks of Franchised
Restaurant operations.

         11      Insurance. This item includes amounts that must be paid before the opening of your
Franchised Restaurant and may not include amounts payable after the Franchised Restaurant opens.
Required insurance includes: general liability, employers’ liability, workers’ compensation, auto liability
(if you own, hire or lease automobiles for use in your business) and property insurance. (See Section XI of
the Franchise Agreement for coverage amounts.) Your costs will vary according to the risks associated
with your business and your location. The cost of workers’ compensation insurance will vary according to
the number of employees of the Franchised Restaurant and the requirements of state law.


Item 7
03/2026                                                                                                Page 34
