                  (iv)     4% Royalty rate for the remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement for all
                          2027 openings; and

                  (v)     5% Royalty rate for the remainder of the term of the for Franchise Agreement for
                          all 2028 openings.

        The Airport Incentive Program is open to franchisees in the United States and Canada in good
standing for new Popeyes Restaurants located in an airport terminal in the United States. This is not
available to locations not directly in an airport terminal. To qualify for the Airport Incentive Program, you
must sign a Franchise Agreement and an Airport Restaurant Addendum to the Franchise Agreement
(Exhibit G3). The term of the Franchise Agreement must be for a minimum of 10 years. Franchised
Restaurants participating in the Airport Incentive Program will receive the following incentives:

                  (i)     $12,500 Initial Franchise Fee;

                  (ii)    0% Advertising Contribution for the remainder of the term of the Franchise
                          Agreement; and

                  (iii)   4% Royalty rate for the remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement.

Other Initial Fees

          Background Check Fee

       You must reimburse our costs to conduct background checks on you, or if you are a legal entity,
on your owners, as we require. The cost is generally $210 for United States applicants and $1,000 to
$15,000 for international applicants. These amounts are due upon invoice before you open your Franchised
Restaurant and are non-refundable.

          Initial Franchise Fee Deposit

        You must sign a TRA (Exhibit C1) or a MTRA (Exhibit C2) if you wish to specify "Target
Area(s)" (as defined in the TRA or MTRA) to search for potential sites to develop one or more Popeyes
Restaurants. When you sign the MTRA, you pay a deposit of $25,000 multiplied by the number of Popeyes
Restaurant openings committed (“MTRA Deposit”). When you sign your MTRA, you must pay us for all
costs and expenses incurred by us to source, review, and onboard you, and all other incidental expenses we
incur to prepare your MTRA. This cost generally ranges from $0 to $2,500 per for each restaurant
committed to be developed. This amount may be different if you are signing an MTRA under one of the
programs described above. We may grant you approval to pursue additional Target Areas without requiring
an additional deposit. The MTRA will typically grant you more Target Areas than Popeyes Restaurant
openings that you commit to. We will credit $25,000 of the MTRA Deposit against the then-current initial
franchise fee upon opening of the Popeyes Restaurant, assuming the franchise fee is greater than the MTRA
Deposit. We may waive the deposit for Institutional Target Areas and in limited special situations. The
MTRA Deposit will be non-refundable.

We have the sole discretion to decide whether to grant you a Development Agreement, TRA, MTRA or a
franchise. We also have the sole discretion to determine the number of additional targets above the opening
commitment that can be added to the MTRA. We are not obligated to grant a Development Agreement,
TRA or MTRA to you even if you have the financial, legal and operational capacity to develop and operate
Restaurants. For Target Areas, we may require you to pay for an "Impact Study" before we decide whether
to approve development at the location. The fee for any Impact Study is non-refundable (see Item 6).

Item 5
03/2026                                                                                               Page 19
