I.      APPOINTMENT; OPENING OF FRANCHISED RESTAURANT

       1.01. Franchisor grants to Franchisee a franchise to open and operate a POPEYES®
Restaurant at the location set forth on the Key Contract Data page attached hereto and incorporated
by reference herein, (the “Franchised Restaurant”) only upon the terms and conditions herein
contained, and a license to use in connection therewith the Proprietary Marks and the Popeyes
System.

        1.02.    Protected Area.

                A.     Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and provided
        Franchisee is not otherwise in default of this Agreement and/or any other Agreement
        between Franchisor (or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Franchisor) and Franchisee (or
        any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Franchisee), Franchisor shall not establish, nor
        franchise another to establish a POPEYES® Restaurant, for the term of this Agreement,
        within a geographic area immediately surrounding the Franchised Restaurant equal to the
        lesser of: (i) a one (1) mile radius around the Franchised Restaurant and (ii) an area
        encompassing a population (residential and workplace) of 50,000 people (the “Protected
        Area”), without Franchisee’s prior written consent. The area described in Exhibit “A” of
        this Agreement reflects a one (1) mile radius surrounding the Franchised Restaurant and
        may include area outside of Franchisee’s Protected Area.

                B.       The provisions of the above Section 1.02.A. shall not apply to Alternative
        Venues (as defined below). Alternative Venues do not receive Protected Areas. Alternative
        Venues are defined as Popeyes Restaurants operated in any of the following types of
        locations: (i) transportation facilities (including airports, train stations, bus stations, etc.);
        (ii) toll road plazas; (iii) educational facilities (including schools, colleges and
        universities); (iv) institutional feeding facilities (including hospitals, hotels, and corporate
        cafeterias); (v) government institutions and facilities; (vi) enclosed shopping malls; (vii)
        military bases; (viii) casinos; (ix) amusement, recreation and theme parks; and (x)
        stadiums, arenas, and convention centers. Additionally, the provisions of the above Section
        1.02.A. do not prohibit Franchisor or its affiliates from operating or permitting others to
        operate in the Protected Area: (a) Popeyes Restaurants that are operating as of the effective
        date of this Agreement as set forth on the Key Contract Data page; (b) Popeyes Restaurants
        that were previously operated and closed as of the effective date of this Agreement as set
        forth on the Key Contract Data page, provided that (i) the premises of such restaurants
        were most recently operated as a Popeyes Restaurant and (ii) such restaurants reopen within
        three (3) years of their respective closing dates; and (c) Popeyes Restaurants to be operated
        pursuant to Franchise Agreements already executed at the time of this Agreement.

        1.03. Limited Exclusivity. Except as expressly set forth herein: (i) the franchise granted
to Franchisee under this Agreement is non-exclusive, and grants to Franchisee the rights to
establish and operate the Franchised Restaurant at only the specific location set forth on the Key
Contract Data page; (ii) no exclusive, protected or other territorial rights within or outside the
market where the Franchised Restaurant is located are hereby granted or to be inferred; and (iii)
Franchisor and/or its affiliates have the right to operate and grant as many other franchises for the

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                         2
Exhibit D (03/2026)
