                 $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Accident each accident;
                 $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Disease policy limit; and
                 $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Disease each employee.

               C.     Commercial General Liability Insurance, covering claims for bodily injury,
        death and property damage, including Premises and Operations, Independent Contractors,
        Products and Completed Operations, Personal Injury, Contractual, and Broadform Property
        Damage liability coverages, with a limit of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence.

               D.      Commercial Automobile Liability Insurance must be provided with the
        following limit if Franchisee owns, hires or leases automobiles for use in the business:

                          Combined Single Limit of not less than $1,000,000 for bodily
                          injury, death and property damage per occurrence,

                E.     All Risk (special perils) Property Insurance, as required to meet the then
        current health and safety codes and other applicable laws on a replacement cost basis,
        without depreciation or co-insurance with limits as appropriate, covering the real property
        of Franchisee and any real property which Franchisee may be obligated to insure by
        contract. Such real property may include building, machinery, equipment, furniture,
        fixtures and inventory.

        11.03. All such policies of insurance shall provide that the same shall not be canceled,
modified or changed without first giving thirty (30) days’ prior written notice thereof to Franchisor.
No such cancellation, modification or change shall affect Franchisee’s obligation to maintain the
insurance coverages required by this Agreement. Except for Workers’ Compensation Insurance,
Franchisor shall be named as an Additional Insured on all such required policies. All liability
insurance policies shall be written on an “occurrence” policy form. Franchisee shall be responsible
for payment of any and all deductibles from insured claims under its policies of insurance.
Franchisee shall not satisfy the requirements of this Section XI unless and until certificates of such
insurance, including renewals thereof, have been delivered to and approved by Franchisor.
Franchisee shall not self-insure any of the insurance coverages required by this Agreement, or non-
subscribe to any State’s applicable workmen’s compensation laws without the prior written
consent of Franchisor. Franchisor shall have the right, at any time during the term of this
Agreement to increase the minimum limits of insurance coverage or otherwise modify the
insurance requirements of this Agreement upon written notice in the Manual or as otherwise
prescribed by Franchisor in writing. If Franchisee shall fail to comply with any of the insurance
requirements herein, upon written notice to Franchisee by Franchisor, Franchisor may, without
any obligation to do so, procure such insurance and Franchisee shall pay Franchisor, upon demand,
the cost and expenses thereof plus interest at the maximum rate permitted by law, plus a service
charge equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the total costs and expenses incurred by Franchisor to
procure such insurance.

       11.04. Insurance Obtained by Franchisee Shall Be Primary to Franchisor’s Own
Insurance. Franchisee agrees that all insurance policies obtained by Franchisee shall be primary
coverage, the applicable limits of which shall be exhausted before any benefits (defense or

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       31
Exhibit D (03/2026)
