   Table of Contents

Note 7. BK China

       Prior to February 14, 2025, we owned an equity interest in Pangaea Foods (China) Holdings Ltd. (“BK China”), which we
accounted for primarily as an equity method investment. On February 14, 2025, we acquired substantially all of the remaining equity
interests of BK China for approximately $151 million in an all-cash transaction funded by cash on hand (the “BK China Acquisition”).
We determined the criteria for classification as held for sale were met on the acquisition date and presented the financial position and
results of operations of BK China as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements beginning on the date of
acquisition on a one month lag with no material impact to consolidated results. Refer to the “Discontinued Operations” section within
this footnote below for further details.

       The BK China Acquisition was accounted for as a step acquisition, which required remeasurement of our existing ownership
interest in BK China to fair value. We utilized an income approach to determine the fair value of our existing equity interest. This
resulted in an increase in the value of our existing equity interest and the recognition of a gain of $2 million (the “BK China Step
Acquisition Gain”), which is included in (Income) loss from equity method investments in our consolidated statement of operations in
2025.

       Purchase price consideration in connection with the BK China Acquisition totaled $149 million, consisting of the cash purchase
price of $151 million plus the fair value of our existing interest of $11 million less the effective settlement of pre-existing balances
with BK China related to franchise agreements prior to the date of acquisition of $13 million.

       During 2025, we finalized acquisition accounting and allocation of the purchase price to the net assets acquired including
property, plant, and equipment of $116 million, operating lease right of use assets of $160 million, goodwill of $308 million,
outstanding current debt assumed of $178 million, operating lease liabilities of $157 million, and other net liabilities of $100 million.
Goodwill is considered to represent the value associated with the workforce and benefits anticipated to be realized by our INTL
segment for future restaurant growth. We assigned $146 million of goodwill to a reporting unit in the INTL segment. Goodwill arising
from the BK China Acquisition that was not assigned to a reporting unit in the INTL segment is part of the disposal group and
classified as Assets held for sale – discontinued operations in our consolidated balance sheet.

      Supplemental pro forma net income from continuing operations, assuming the BK China Acquisition had occurred on January 1,
2024, would not differ materially from the results reported during 2025 and 2024.

      Discontinued Operations

       Upon determining that a disposal group meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, we measure it at the lower of its
carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Fair value less costs to sell is assessed each period the disposal group remains classified
as held-for-sale, with any subsequent changes recognized as an adjustment to the carrying value of the disposal group, as long as the
new carrying value does not exceed the carrying value of the disposal group at the time it was initially classified as held for sale. Refer
to the “BK China JV” section within this footnote below for further details related to the non-cash charge of $114 million included
within Net loss from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations.

      Upon classification as held for sale, we cease depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets included in a disposal group,
including operating lease right-of-use assets. Additionally, BK China ceased recognition of royalty expense and our INTL segment
ceased recognition of revenue from BK China following the BK China Acquisition and presentation as discontinued operations.

      The assets and liabilities of BK China are classified as Assets held for sale – discontinued operations and Liabilities held for sale
– discontinued operations, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheet. During 2025, we provided $147 million of funding to BK
China. Cash and cash equivalents for BK China was $72 million as of December 31, 2025, reflected in assets held for sale –
discontinued operations.




                                                                    26
