        date of this Agreement and will contain the same renewal rights, if any, as are available to
        Franchisee under Sections 2.02. and 2.03. hereof;

                G.      The transferee shall agree at its sole cost and expense, to (i) complete a
        Franchised Restaurant Renovation, within the time frame required by Franchisor, unless a
        Franchised Restaurant Renovation was completed within six (6) years prior to the date of
        the transfer and (ii) perform such other scope of work as may be determined by Franchisor;

                H.      The transferee and such other individuals as may be designated by
        Franchisor in the Manual or otherwise in writing, must have successfully completed the
        training course then in effect for new franchisees. If the Franchised Restaurant is the
        transferee’s first Popeyes Restaurant, the transferee shall pay to Franchisor the then-
        standard training fee, if any;

                 I.     If the transferee is a partnership, the partnership agreement shall provide
        that further assignments or transfers of any interest in the partnership are subject to all
        restrictions imposed upon assignments and transfers in this Agreement;

               J.      Franchisee shall, at Franchisor’s option and request, execute a written
        guaranty of the transferee’s obligations with respect to the Franchised Restaurant, which
        guaranty shall not exceed a period of three (3) years from the date of transfer; and

                K.     Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor the transfer fee in the amount set forth
        on the Key Contract Data page (the “Transfer Fee”), however, no additional initial
        franchise fee or development fee shall be charged by Franchisor for a transfer. If the
        transferee is a corporation or other business entity formed by Franchisee for the
        convenience of ownership and Franchisee is the sole shareholder or member of such
        business entity, no Transfer Fee shall be required. A portion of the Transfer Fee in the
        amount set forth on the Key Contract Data page (the “Transfer Fee Deposit”) is payable
        upon Franchisee’s submission of its initial transfer application to Franchisor. The Transfer
        Fee Deposit is non-refundable in the event that the proposed transfer does not occur in
        accordance with the terms of approved transfer application. If the proposed transfer occurs
        in accordance with the terms of the approved transfer application, the Transfer Fee Deposit
        will be applied to the total Transfer Fee due at the time of the closing of the transfer.

        14.04. Grant of Security Interest. Franchisee shall grant no security interest in this
Agreement unless the secured party agrees: (i) that in the event of any default by Franchisee under
any documents related to the security interest (A) Franchisor shall be provided with notice of
default and given a reasonable time within which to cure said default, and (B) Franchisor shall
have the right and option to be substituted as obligor to the secured party and to cure any default
of Franchisee or to purchase the rights of the secured party upon payment of all sums then due to
such secured party, except such amounts which may have become due as a result of any
acceleration of the payment dates based upon Franchisee’s default; and (ii) to such other
requirements as Franchisor, in its sole discretion, deems reasonable and necessary to protect the
integrity of the Proprietary Marks and the Popeyes System. Notwithstanding the above paragraph
14.04, in no event shall any secured party be entitled to (i) use or assign Franchisee’s rights with

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       37
Exhibit D (03/2026)
