prevented from doing so due to acts of God or other causes beyond Lessee’s control. The Premises shall
not be used for any other purpose. Lessee shall not use in connection with the operation of or as additional
parking for its business on the Premises any property other than the Premises, except in accordance with
the provisions of Article XIII of this Lease.

Except as may be otherwise specifically provided by the terms of this Lease or the Franchise Agreement,
Lessor shall not be required to furnish to Lessee any facilities or services of any kind whatsoever, such as,
but not limited to water, sewer, steam, heat, gas, hot water, electricity, light and power.

§5.2 REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE. Lessee shall, at all times during the Term, at its own cost and
expense, put, keep and maintain the Premises and all fixtures and personalty located on it in first-class
order and condition, and subject to all applicable terms of Section 5.3 and Section 5.8, shall make all
necessary and desirable repairs, restorations and replacements thereof, structural and nonstructural,
foreseen or unforeseen (hereinafter collectively called “Repairs”), and shall use all reasonable precaution
to prevent waste, damage or injury. Lessee shall also put, keep and maintain in good repair and free from
dirt, snow, ice, rubbish and other obstructions or encumbrances, the sidewalks, parking areas, yards,
plantings, gutters and curbs in front of and adjacent to the Building.

In the event that Lessee fails or neglects to make all necessary Repairs or fulfill its other obligations as set
forth above, Lessor or its agents may enter the Premises for the purpose of making such Repairs or fulfilling
those obligations. All costs and expenses incurred as a consequence of Lessor’s action together with a
service charge of fifteen percent (15%) thereof shall be repaid by Lessee to Lessor within fifteen (15) days
after Lessee receives copies of receipts showing payment by Lessor for such Repairs or other obligations.
These receipts shall be prima facie evidence of the payment of the charges paid by Lessor. Except in the
case of emergency, Lessor shall give Lessee ten (10) days’ notice before taking any such action. If Lessee
fails to pay any such amounts due to Lessor under this Section 5.2, Lessor may add the same to Lessee’s
“Rent” and recover the same by all remedies available to Lessor for recovery of Rent in arrears.

§5.3 ALTERATIONS. Lessee agrees that it will at its own cost and expense make such reasonable
alterations to the interior or exterior of the Premises as may reasonably be requested by Lessor from time
to time in order to modify the appearance of the Building to reflect the then current image of POPEYES
restaurants.

Lessee shall not at any time make any alteration, change, addition or improvement (hereinafter collectively
called “Alterations”) in or to the interior or exterior of the Premises without the prior written consent of Lessor.
In the event consent is given:

         (a)          the Alterations shall be performed in a first class workmanlike manner at Lessee’s sole
                      expense, and shall not weaken or impair the structural strength or lessen the value of the
                      Premises, or change the purpose for which the Premises may be used;

         (b)          the Alterations shall be made according to plans and specifications therefor, which shall be
                      first submitted to and approved in writing by Lessor;

         (c)          before the commencement of work on any Alterations, such plans and specifications shall
                      be approved by all governmental authorities having jurisdiction and any public utility
                      company having an interest in the Alterations;

         (d)          before the commencement of any Alterations, Lessee shall pay the amount of any increase
                      in premiums on insurance policies for endorsements covering the risk during work on the
                      Alterations and workmen’s compensation insurance covering all persons employed in
                      connection with that work;




Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                           8
