§15.2 NOTICES TO LESSOR.

         (a)          Except with respect to any substance described in Section 15.2(c) below, Lessee shall give
                      written notice to Lessor within three (3) business days after the date on which Lessee
                      learns or first has reason to believe that:

                      (1)     There has or will come to be located on or about the Premises any Hazardous
                              Substance, the production, transportation, storage, use or handling of which
                              requires a permit or license from any federal, state or local governmental agency.

                      (2)     Any release, discharge or emission of any Hazardous Substance has occurred on
                              or about the Premises, including the migration of any Hazardous Substance to or
                              from adjoining or nearby properties.

                      (3)     Any (i) enforcement, cleanup, removal, remediation, testing, monitoring or other
                              governmental or regulatory action has been threatened or commenced against
                              Lessee with respect to the Premises pursuant to any Hazardous Substances Laws;
                              or (ii) any claim has been made or threatened by any person or entity against
                              Lessee or the Premises on account of any alleged loss or injury claimed to result
                              from the alleged presence or release on or from the Premises of any Hazardous
                              Substance; or (iii) any report, notice, or complaint has been made to or filed with
                              any governmental agency concerning the presence, migration, use or disposal of
                              any Hazardous Substances on or from the Premises. Any such notice shall be
                              accompanied by copies of any such claim, report, complaint, notice, warning or
                              other communication that is in the possession of or is reasonably available to the
                              Lessee.

         (b)          Any notice required under this Section 15.2 shall be accompanied by (i) a copy of all
                      permits, licenses, proofs of disclosure to governmental agencies. pertaining to Hazardous
                      Substances that have not previously been furnished to Lessor and; (ii) copies of any
                      Material Safety Data Sheets pertaining to such substances that are required by applicable
                      law to be kept at the Premises.

         (c)          The notice provisions of this Article XV shall not apply to materials that are lawfully
                      discharged from the Premises or lawfully used on the Premises in the ordinary course of
                      Lessee’s business.

§15.3 REMOVAL AND DISPOSAL. Except for materials that are lawfully discharged from the Premises
or lawfully used on the Premises in the ordinary course of Lessee’s business, Lessee shall cause any
Hazardous Substances to be removed from the Premises solely by duly licensed Hazardous Substances
transporters to duly licensed facilities for final disposal to the extent required by and in accordance with
applicable Hazardous Substances Laws, and shall deliver to Lessor copies of any hazardous waste
manifest reflecting the lawful transport and disposal of such substances.

§15.4 ENVIRONMENTAL AUDITS BY LESSOR.

         (a)          Rights of Lessor. Lessor may, but shall not be required to, engage such independent
                      contractors as Lessor determines to be appropriate to perform from time to time any audit,
                      including environmental sampling and testing, of (i) the Premises, the surrounding soil and
                      any adjacent areas, and any groundwater located under or adjacent to the Premises and/or
                      any adjoining property, (ii) Lessee’s compliance with all Hazardous Substances Laws and
                      the provisions of this Lease, and (iii) the provisions made by Lessee for carrying out any
                      remedial action that may be required by this Lease (collectively an “Environmental Audit”).
                      All costs and expenses incurred by Lessor in connection with any such Environmental Audit

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                          22
