       Nothing in this Section 10.01.C shall be deemed to limit Franchisee’s other
       obligations, during the term of this Agreement, to operate the Franchised Restaurant
       in accordance with Franchisor’s standards and specifications for the Popeyes
       System, including the obligations set forth in this Section X.”

9.      By executing this Amendment, Franchisee and Franchisor, for themselves and their
respective successors, represent and warrant that their representations herein are true and correct
and that each of them has the right and authority to enter into and to accept the terms and conditions
of this Amendment.

10.     The Franchise Agreement, this Amendment, and the documents referred to herein,
constitute the entire, full, and complete agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee concerning
the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all prior agreements. No other representations
have induced Franchisee to execute this Amendment; and there are no representations,
inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties not embodied herein
which are of any force or effect with reference to this Amendment or otherwise. No amendment,
change, or variance from this Amendment shall be binding on either party unless executed in
writing.

11.     Except as specifically amended herein, all other provisions of the Franchise Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall be attached to, incorporated in, and
become a part of, the Franchise Agreement. The terms and conditions stated in this Amendment,
to the extent they are inconsistent with the terms and conditions stated in the Franchise Agreement
shall prevail over the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement. Paragraph captions in this
Amendment are for convenience only and do not affect the construction of its provisions.

12.     The Franchise Agreement and this Amendment shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Florida, without regard to application of Florida choice of law rules.

13.     Notwithstanding any term or provision in any document between Franchisee and
Franchisor to the contrary, Franchisee has the duty and obligation (i) to investigate whether or not
the Franchised Restaurant is in compliance with all local, state and federal laws, codes, rules and
regulations now in existence or hereafter promulgated, including the Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990 and applicable building and fire codes (collectively, “Laws”), and (ii) to make any
required renovations, alterations or improvements to comply with such Laws, all at Franchisee’s
own cost and expense and in a good, professional and workmanlike manner, whether or not there
are any existing violations or conditions which do not comply with Laws on the date hereof.

14.     This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and each copy so executed and
delivered shall be deemed to be an original. Any signature by e-mail or facsimile shall be binding.

       This Amendment shall not be effective unless it is executed by Franchisor.
                          [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGE(S)]


                                                  7
