        2.03. Provided Franchisee is in “good standing” (as defined above) and not otherwise in
default under the terms of this Agreement and/or any other agreement between Franchisee and
Franchisor (or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Franchisor), Franchisee may, at any time during
the term hereof, or during the Renewal Term, purchase an option (the “Supplemental Term
Option”) for an additional ten (10) year renewal term commencing immediately following the
Renewal Term (the “Supplemental Renewal Term”), upon the following terms and conditions:

               A.      Franchisee shall pay a fee (the “Option Fee”) to Franchisor in an amount
        equal to fifty percent (50%) of Franchisor’s then-current standard, initial franchise fee
        when Franchisee signs the franchise agreement for the Supplemental Renewal Term;

               B.     Franchisee shall execute an amendment to the Franchise Agreement in the
        form required by Franchisor which shall: (i) add the Supplemental Term Option and the
        terms upon which such option may be exercised to the Franchise Agreement; and (ii)
        incorporate Franchisor’s then-current renewal conditions into the Franchise Agreement
        (provided, however, Franchisor’s then-current renewal conditions shall not impose the
        payment of a renewal fee in addition to the Option Fee); and

               C.     The Supplemental Term Option must be purchased no later than six (6)
        months prior to the end of the Renewal Term. There shall be no right to extend the
        Franchise Agreement beyond the Supplemental Renewal Term.

III.    FEES

       3.01. In consideration of the franchise granted to Franchisee herein, Franchisee shall pay
to Franchisor the following:

                A.     An initial franchise fee equal to the amount set forth as the “Initial Franchise
        Fee” on the Key Contract Data page (“Initial Franchise Fee”) payable prior to the opening
        of the Franchised Restaurant for business to the public. Such Initial Franchise Fee shall be
        fully earned by Franchisor upon payment by Franchisee. Franchisor may require
        Franchisee to utilize wire transfers as a means of paying the Initial Franchise Fee.

               B.      A recurring, non-refundable royalty fee equal to the amount set forth as the
        “Royalty” on the Key Contract Data page (“Royalty”) during the term of this Agreement,
        payable weekly (or on such other basis as may be set forth in the Manual or otherwise
        agreed to in writing by Franchisor) on the Gross Sales of the preceding week.

        3.02. In addition to the payments provided for in Section 3.01 hereof, Franchisee,
recognizing the value of advertising and the importance of the standardization of advertising and
promotion to the goodwill and public image of the System, agrees to pay to the Popeyes
Advertising Fund (“Advertising Fund”) a recurring, non-refundable advertising fund
contribution (“Advertising Contribution”) in an amount to be determined by Franchisor, in its
sole discretion, not to exceed the amount set forth as the “Advertising Contribution” on the Key
Contract Data page for the preceding week, payable weekly (or on such other basis as may be set

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        6
Exhibit D (03/2026)
