coordinate the operation of the Franchised Restaurants (a “Supervisor”). In addition to the
foregoing, Franchisee shall employ an additional Supervisor upon the opening of Franchisee’s
eighth (8th) Franchised Restaurant and upon the opening of each successive seven (7) to ten (10)
Franchised Restaurants thereafter. Each Supervisor shall attend and successfully complete all
modules of PTP that are applicable to a Supervisor prior to assuming any supervisory
responsibilities and shall meet such other standards as Franchisor may reasonably impose.

        10.12. If at any time the Franchised Restaurant is proposed to be operated by an entity or
individual other than Franchisee, Franchisor reserves the right to review and approve the operating
entity or individual and to require and approve an operating agreement prior to such party’s
assumption of operations. Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, reject either the operating entity,
the individual operator or the operating agreement. If approved by Franchisor, the operating entity
shall agree in writing to comply with all of Franchisee’s obligations under the Franchise
Agreement as though the operating entity were the franchisee designated therein, on such form as
may be designated by Franchisor. The operation of the Franchised Restaurant by any party other
than Franchisee, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, shall be deemed a default of this
Agreement, for which Franchisor may terminate this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of
Section 15.02. hereof.

        10.13. By signing this Agreement, Franchisee becomes a member of Supply Management
Services, Inc. (“SMS”), formerly Popeyes Operators Purchasing Cooperative Association or
POPCA, or any successor thereto, and shall remain a member in good standing of SMS throughout
the term of this Agreement, and shall pay all reasonable membership fees assessed by SMS.

        10.14. POS and BOH Systems; Other Systems.

                 A.     Franchisee shall purchase, install and use a point-of-sale system (“POS
        System”) and a back-of-house system (“BOH System”), in each case, that has been
        approved in writing by Franchisor and that meets Franchisor’s specifications. Franchisee
        agrees that Franchisor (or Franchisor’s designated vendor) shall have the right to retrieve
        any data and information from Franchisee’s POS System and its BOH System as
        Franchisor, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including electronically polling sales,
        menu mix, transaction-level data, inventory, labor and other data of the Franchised
        Restaurant; provided, however, Franchisor shall take necessary precautions to preserve and
        protect Franchisee’s security and privacy rights in exercising its right hereunder.
        Franchisee shall subscribe to Franchisor’s approved polling solution. Franchisee shall use
        and adhere to a standardized set of menu sales item price look-up codes (PLUs) and
        descriptors for every menu sales item in Franchisee’s POS System and BOH System,
        including limited time offers. Franchisor may revise its specifications for the POS System
        and the BOH System periodically. Consequently, Franchisee must upgrade, update or add
        new features or components to Franchisee’s POS System and its BOH System at such
        time(s) as such specifications are revised. In addition to the foregoing, Franchisor may
        poll data and information from other systems installed at the Franchised Restaurant,
        including speed of service data from drive-thru timer systems. Further, Franchisee shall, at
        its sole cost and expense, integrate or otherwise permit the integration of the POS System


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        26
Exhibit D (03/2026)
