   Table of Contents

  Purchase Commitments
      As of December 31, 2025, we have arrangements for information technology and telecommunication services with an aggregate
contractual obligation of $67 million over the next four years, some of which have early termination fees and commitments to
purchase advertising which totaled $195 million, most of which is due within the next 12 months. We also entered into commitments
to purchase beverage and restaurant equipment which totaled $22 million over the next three years.

  Litigation

     We are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business relating to matters including, but not limited to,
disputes with franchisees, suppliers, employees and customers, as well as disputes over our intellectual property.

       Burger King Company, and various affiliates, including RBI, are defendants in a class action lawsuit brought by former Burger
King employees in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The lawsuit, which was consolidated from four separate
claims filed in October and November 2018, alleges that the defendants violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by incorporating an
employee no-solicitation and no-hiring clause in the Burger King standard form franchise agreement. Each plaintiff seeks injunctive
relief and damages for himself or herself and other members of the class. In March 2020, the court granted the defendants’ motion to
dismiss for failure to state a claim, but in August 2022 the decision was reversed on appeal and remanded for further proceedings. In
March 2025, the defendants filed a supplemental brief in support of its motion to dismiss, which was denied. In April 2025, the
plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and in May 2025, the defendants filed an answer. In December 2025, the court ordered the
parties to attempt to resolve the case through mediation. While we intend to vigorously defend against these claims, we are unable to
predict the ultimate outcome of this case or estimate the range of possible loss, if any.

      In October 2024, purported former shareholders of Carrols filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
against RBI and two individual directors of Carrols arising from the Carrols Acquisition. The complaint alleges that RBI coerced
Carrols into the transaction, that the two directors failed to disclose that their interest differed from the interests of other Carrols
shareholders, and that the two directors were not independent from RBI. The complaint also includes claims for breach of fiduciary
duty and unjust enrichment by RBI. The plaintiffs seek equitable relief, damages and fees and expenses. In July 2025, the court denied
RBI’s motion to dismiss, and in October 2025, RBI filed its answer and affirmative defense to the plaintiff’s amended complaint. The
court has set a trial date for early 2027, though the date is subject to change. We intend to vigorously defend these claims, however,
we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this case or estimate the range of possible loss, if any.

Note 20. Supplier Finance Programs

      Our TH business includes individually negotiated contracts with suppliers, which include payment terms that range up to 120
days. A global financial institution offers a voluntary supply chain finance (“SCF”) program to certain TH vendors, which provides
suppliers that elect to participate with the ability to elect early payment, at a discount based on the payment terms and a rate based on
RBI's credit rating, which may be beneficial to the vendor. Participation in the SCF program is at the sole discretion of the suppliers
and financial institution and we are not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the financial institution. Our obligations
to suppliers are not affected by the suppliers’ decisions to participate in the SCF program and our payment terms remain the same
based on the original supplier invoicing terms and conditions. No guarantees are provided by us or any of our subsidiaries in
connection with the SCF Program.

       Our confirmed outstanding obligations under the SCF program are classified as Accounts and drafts payable in our consolidated
balance sheets. All activity related to the obligations is classified as Supply chain cost of sales in our consolidated statements of
operations and presented within cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The following table
reflects the change of our confirmed outstanding obligations under the SCF program between December 31, 2024 and December 31,
2025 (in millions):

Confirmed obligations outstanding at December 31, 2024                                                                    $           22
Invoices confirmed during the period                                                                                                 234
Confirmed invoices paid during the period                                                                                           (218)
Confirmed obligations outstanding at December 31, 2025                                                                    $           38




                                                                   50
