franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.

        As discussed above, the Territory does not include Alternative Venues (as defined below) and the
protected area of any existing Popeyes Restaurant (including any closed Popeyes Restaurant that may re-
open), even though these facilities may be located in the Territory or relocated in the Territory in accordance
with our then-current relocation policy. Alternative Venues are defined as Popeyes Restaurants located in:
(1) transportation facilities (including airports, train stations, bus stations, etc.); (2) toll road plazas; (3)
educational facilities (including schools, colleges and universities); (4) enclosed shopping malls; (5)
institutional feeding facilities (including hospitals, hotels and corporate cafeterias); (6) government
institutions and facilities; (7) military bases; (8) casinos; (9) amusement, recreational and theme parks; (10)
stadiums, arenas, and convention centers; and (11) delivery facilities (e.g., ghost kitchens).

Franchise Agreement

        When you sign a Franchise Agreement for a Franchised Restaurant that is not an Alternative Venue,
you will be granted a geographic area within which we will not open, nor license anyone other than you to
open, a Popeyes Restaurant that is physically located in this area during the term of the Franchise Agreement
(“Protected Area”). The Protected Area will consist of an area equal to the lesser of: (1) a 1 mile radius
around the Franchised Restaurant, and (2) an area surrounding the Franchised Restaurant encompassing a
population (residential and workplace combined) of 50,000 people. The limited exclusivity granted in the
Protected Area does not apply to: (a) existing Popeyes Restaurants; (b) any closed Popeyes Restaurant
that may re-open within three years from the closing date of such Restaurant; and (c) Popeyes Restaurants
for which Franchise Agreements were previously granted. We also have the right to make and license
others to make wholesale and retail sales of products identified by Popeyes trademarks within the Protected
Area. The limited exclusivity does not apply to Alternative Venues nor do Alternative Venues receive
Protected Areas. You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement. You may face
competition from other Popeyes Restaurants that we franchise or own and operate. Also, you may face
competition from other outlets that we franchise or own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands we may control.

       We have the right periodically to reduce or modify the Protected Area to reflect population shifts;
however, if less than a 1-mile radius, the Protected Area always will include a population of at least 50,000
people. Except as provided in the previous sentence, we cannot alter the Protected Area.

       When we evaluate the Protected Area for future Popeyes Restaurants that you develop under the
Development Agreement we will apply our then-current policies and standards.

        You may only operate the Franchised Restaurant from the location we have approved. You will not
be restricted from soliciting or accepting orders from customers that may be located elsewhere. Similarly,
other Popeyes Restaurants will not be restricted from soliciting or accepting orders from customers located
in the vicinity of your Franchised Restaurant. You may not relocate the Franchised Restaurant without our
prior written consent. We will evaluate your relocation request under our then-current relocation policy as
well as our then-current site selection criteria, however, we have no obligation to approve your request. We
will not permit you to relocate your Franchised Restaurant within the Protected Area assigned to another
Popeyes Restaurant.

          You do not have the right under the Franchise Agreement to acquire additional franchises.

      Although we have not done so, we may sell products under the Trademarks or under different
trademarks within and outside your Protected Area through any method of distribution, other than a

Item 12
03/2026                                                                                                  Page 59
