indemnity) may be obtained under any other insurance (including self-insurance) providing
coverage to Franchisor. Franchisee shall notify its insurers of this Agreement and shall use best
efforts to obtain an endorsement on each policy it obtains pursuant to Sections 11.01. and 11.02.
stating as follows:

                 The applicable limits of this policy shall be applied and exhausted before
                 any benefits may be obtained (whether for defense or indemnity) under any
                 other insurance (including self-insurance) that may provide coverage to
                 Franchisor. All insurance coverage obtained by Franchisor shall be
                 considered excess insurance with respect to this policy, the benefits of
                 which excess insurance shall not be available until the applicable limits of
                 this policy are exhausted.

       11.05. No Limitation on Coverage. Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain the
foregoing policy or policies of insurance in the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way
by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by Franchisor, nor shall Franchisee’s
performance of that obligation relieve it of liability under the indemnity provisions set forth in
Section XVIII of this Agreement.

        11.06. Issuance of Insurance. Franchisee must obtain the insurance required by this
Agreement no later than fifteen (15) days before the date on which any construction is commenced.
The Franchised Restaurant shall not be opened for business prior to Franchisor’s receipt of
satisfactory evidence that all insurance required by this Agreement is in effect. Upon obtaining
such insurance, and on each policy renewal date thereafter, Franchisee shall promptly submit
evidence of satisfactory insurance and proof of payment therefore to Franchisor, together with,
upon request, copies of all policies and policy amendments. The evidence of insurance shall
include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materially
altered without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor.

        11.07. No Representations. Franchisee acknowledges that no requirement for insurance
contained in this Agreement constitutes advice or a representation by Franchisor that only such
policies, in such amounts, are necessary to protect Franchisee from losses in connection with its
business under this Agreement. Maintenance of the insurance required by this Agreement, and the
performance by Franchisee of its obligations under this Section of the Agreement shall not relieve
Franchisee of liability under the indemnification provisions or any other provisions of this Agreement.

XII.    CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

        12.01. Franchisee shall not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, communicate,
divulge, or use for the benefit of any other person, persons, partnership, association, corporation
or other entity, any confidential information, knowledge or know-how concerning the construction
and methods of operation of the Franchised Restaurant which may be communicated to Franchisee,
or of which Franchisee may be apprised, by virtue of Franchisee’s operation under the terms of
this Agreement. Such confidential information may be provided to Franchisee through a variety
of resources, including the following: (a) the Manual (including Franchisor’s Brand Standards
Manual as well as its Brand Training Standards), (b) Franchisor’s extranet

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        32
Exhibit D (03/2026)
