                      of the loss, are insufficient to pay the entire cost of the Restoration, Lessee will pay the
                      deficiency.

                      At least ten (10) days before the commencement of Restoration, Lessee shall notify Lessor
                      of its intention to restore the Premises. During Restoration, this Lease shall not terminate,
                      nor shall the Rent and the Additional Charges payable under this Lease be abated or be
                      affected in any manner.

§5.9 WARRANTIES: DISCLAIMER. Lessor shall provide Lessee with the benefit of any warranties
provided by the building contractor. Lessor expressly disclaims any other warranty, either express or
implied, and Lessee acknowledges that neither Lessor nor its agents have made any representations or
promises with respect to the Premises except as expressly set forth in this Lease, and no rights, easements
or licenses are acquired by Lessee by implication or otherwise except as expressly set forth herein. The
taking of possession of the Premises by Lessee shall be conclusive evidence that the Lessee has accepted
the Premises “AS IS,” including any latent or patent defects. Lessee acknowledges that Lessee is relying
on its own independent inspection. Lessor agrees to cooperate with and assist Lessee in asserting claims
against contractors or others providing work and/or services to the Premises.

§5.10 CONTRACTS. Lessee shall not without Lessor’s consent enter into any service contract or
agreement relating to the furnishing of any services to the Premises or the occupants of it unless such
contract or agreement shall by its terms be terminable on no more than thirty (30) days’ notice or shall
expressly provide that it shall not become binding on Lessor in the event that this Lease is terminated or
expires. Lessee shall furnish Lessor with copies of all service contracts or agreements affecting the
Premises that are now in existence or that are subsequently entered into.

§5.11 REFUSE. Lessee shall not allow any refuse, garbage or other loose or objectionable materials to
accumulate on or about the Premises, will at all times keep the Premises in a clean and wholesome
condition, and shall be responsible for the removal of all garbage or loose or objectionable materials
emanating from the Premises. Lessee shall not dispose of any trash or garbage in or about the Premises
except for in areas provided therefor by Lessor.

§5.12 LOADING AND UNLOADING. Lessee shall take all reasonable precautions to ensure that loading
and unloading of merchandise, supplies, materials or chattels shall be made only through or by means of
doorways and openings designated by Lessor.

§5.13 CONDUCT AND HOURS OF OPERATION. Lessee covenants to operate and conduct its business
in a high-class and reputable manner and to conduct its business in the Premises during such hours as set
out in the Franchise Agreement.

§5.14 HEAT. Lessee covenants to heat the Premises so as, at all times, to protect the Premises and all
of its contents from damage by cold or frost.

                                                     VI.
                                          TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES

§6.1 PAYMENT.

         (a)          In the event Lessor elects, at its sole option, to pay any real estate taxes and assessments
                      (both general and special), goods and service taxes, sales taxes, value added taxes,
                      business transfer taxes, any other taxes imposed on Lessor with respect to rent payable
                      by Lessee to Lessor or in respect of the rental of space under this Lease, assessments,
                      charges for public utilities, excises, levies, licenses, permit fees or other governmental
                      impositions and charges of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, the “Charges”)
                      which are payable in connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                          11
