                   i.        Franchisee fails to open the Qualifying Restaurant by the Eighteen-Month
                             Opening Date;

                   ii.       The qualifying veteran owner transfers such individual’s interests in the
                             qualifying franchise prior to the first anniversary of the Opening Date of the
                             Qualifying Restaurant;

                   iii.      Franchisee fails to open any Popeyes Restaurant on or before the applicable
                             date set forth in the applicable development schedule set forth in any
                             Development Agreement or other agreement between Franchisor and
                             Franchisee; or

                   iv.       From the date of this Addendum to the expiration of any period when
                             Franchisee is paying a reduced Royalty Fee, Franchisee receives a written
                             notice of default under any agreement with Franchisor (including, without
                             limitation, the Franchise Agreement and any Development Agreement) and
                             fails to cure the default within the applicable cure period, if any.

         B.      Effect of Termination. If this Addendum is terminated, Franchisee shall immediately:
         (i) pay to Franchisor an amount equal to the difference between Fifty Thousand Dollars
         ($50,000) and the reduced Initial Franchise Fee(s) actually paid by Franchisee to Franchisor
         pursuant to Section 1 above; and (ii) begin paying to Franchisor a Royalty in the amount of
         five percent (5%) of Gross Sales as provided in the Franchise Agreement.

4.       Capitalized Terms. Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Addendum shall have
         the meaning given them in the Franchise Agreement.

5.       Limited Modification. Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Franchise
         Agreement remains unmodified and in full force and effect.

6.       Counterparts. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, and each copy so executed
         and delivered shall be deemed to be an original. Any signature by email or facsimile shall be
         binding.

                                              [Signatures on Next Page]




Popeyes DIP Addendum to Franchise Agreement               3
Exhibit G1 (03/2026)
