        3.      The following statement is added to the end of Section 24.05:

                Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise
                Agreement, any claim arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration
                and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the
                franchise.

       4.       The second paragraph of Section 22.01 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby
deleted in its entirety.

       5.      Section XXIII entitled “Acknowledgments” is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with “[Intentionally Deleted]”.

       6.       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        7.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Amendment.

         By entering into this Amendment, Franchisee expressly consents to transact business with
Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and
all other applicable state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by electronic
signatures. The parties to this Amendment agree that (i) the parties’ electronic signatures are
intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual
signatures, and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Amendment shall constitute an original
for all purposes.

                        [THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]




State of Maryland Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                             (Page 2 of 3)
