Franchisor may revoke Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee’s Web Site at any time and require
Franchisee to discontinue Franchisee’s use of it and any domain names associated with it. In
addition to any other applicable requirements, Franchisee must comply with any standards and
specifications Franchisor develops that are applicable to Web Sites as set forth in the Manual or
otherwise in writing, which standards and specifications Franchisor may modify from time to time.
Franchisor may designate the form and content of Franchisee’s Web Site and may require that any
such Web Site be hosted by Franchisor or a third party whom Franchisor designates. Franchisor
also may charge Franchisee a fee for developing, reviewing and approving Franchisee’s Web Site
and/or hosting it. In addition to the foregoing, Franchisee shall not use or permit any third party
to use any of the Proprietary Marks in connection with any internet web site and/or as part of any
internet domain name or electronic mail or home page address, unless such use is expressly
approved by Franchisor in writing. Franchisee shall not, directly or indirectly, nor shall Franchisee
instruct or authorize any third party to, engage in any online advertising for the Franchised
Restaurant or the business of Franchisee, including but not limited to the purchase of keywords
consisting of, containing or similar to any of the Proprietary Marks through any paid search
program, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, which Franchisor may grant or withhold, in
Franchisor’s sole discretion.

        10.18. Franchisee shall not operate or create a social media site, page or group containing
the Proprietary Marks using tools including, but not limited to, Facebook, MySpace, Twitter,
YouTube, Instagram, Google+, Pinterest, Tumblr, SnapChat, Vine, or other social channels
without Franchisor’s prior written consent. Franchisor may, at any time, require any unapproved
page, site or group be discontinued and deleted.

        10.19 Franchisee shall comply with all applicable legal, regulatory, credit card brand
requirements and brand standards regarding the use of information technology in Franchisee’s
business and restaurants. Franchisee shall honor all credit, charge, courtesy or cash cards or other
credit devices specified by Franchisor. Franchisee shall also comply with the then current Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI/DSS) as those standards may be revised by the PCI
Security Standards Council, LLC (see www.pcisecuritystandards.org) or successor organization,
including (i) implementing (at Franchisee’s expense) all security requirements that the PCI
Security Standards Council (or its successor) requires of a merchant that accepts payment by credit
and/or debit cards, and (ii) participating in (at Franchisee’s expense) a standardized PCI/DSS
compliance program that is provided by a PCI/DSS vendor, in each case, approved by Franchisor
in its discretion. Franchisee shall, at its expense, demonstrate full compliance through means
which may include having an independent third party Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) conduct
a PCI/DSS audit. In the event Franchisee is unable to demonstrate full compliance, Franchisor may
require Franchisee to engage the services of an approved vendor to assist Franchisee to
demonstrate full compliance on an ongoing basis. Additionally, Franchisor may require
Franchisee to use, and directly contract with, certain approved third-party vendors, and in some
cases a single approved third-party vendor, for some or all of Franchisee’s managed firewall, other
technology security compliance and/or card brand or government requirements related to the
transmission/processing of credit card transactions and information. Franchisee shall immediately
notify Franchisor if Franchisee becomes aware of any breach, or suspected breach, of card holder
data, Personally Identifiable Information (PII), confidential information, or trade secrets related to


Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       29
Exhibit D (03/2026)
