                      Premises, Lessee shall reimburse Lessor within fifteen (15) days after Lessee receives an
                      invoice for the payment of such Charges.

         (b)          In the event Lessor elects not to pay the Charges as set forth in the preceding paragraph,
                      Lessee shall pay on or before the last day on which payment may be made without penalty
                      or interest, all Charges which may be assessed, imposed, or become due and payable in
                      connection with the ownership, occupancy or possession of the Premises or the fixtures or
                      personalty on it, or any Charges which may be imposed in lieu of, or as a substitution for,
                      any such Charges. At any time after the time for payment of each Charge, upon Lessor’s
                      request, Lessee shall exhibit to Lessor satisfactory evidence of payment. All Charges
                      assessed or imposed for the fiscal periods in which the Term of this Lease commences
                      and terminates shall be apportioned.

§6.2 CONTESTS. Lessee has the right to promptly contest or review any of the Charges by appropriate
proceedings (“Proceedings”) at its own expense, and if necessary, with the prior written consent of Lessor,
in the name of Lessor. Lessee may defer payment of a contested Charge only if, before instituting any
Proceedings, Lessee furnishes to Lessor security satisfactory to Lessor and sufficient to cover the amount
of each contested Charge, with interest and penalties for the period which the Proceedings may be
expected to take. Notwithstanding the furnishing of security (other than a cash deposit), Lessee shall
promptly pay each contested Charge if, at any time, the Premises or any part of it are in danger of being
sold, forfeited or otherwise lost or Lessor becomes subject to criminal or any other liability for such non-
payment, provided that in that event, if Lessee has made a cash deposit to Lessor, Lessor may pay each
contested Charge out of the deposit. When any contested Charge is paid or canceled, any balance of any
cash deposit not so applied shall be repaid to Lessee without interest. All Proceedings shall be begun as
soon as possible after the imposition or assessment of any contested item and shall be diligently prosecuted
to final adjudication. If there is any refund with respect to any contested Charge based on a payment by
Lessee, Lessee shall be entitled to it to the extent of such payment.

§6.3 LIMITATION: SUBSTITUTION. Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed to require Lessee
to pay any inheritance, estate, succession, transfer, gift, franchise, corporation, income or profit tax, or
capital levy that is or may be imposed upon Lessor, its successors or assigns; provided, however, that if at
any time during the Term of this Lease the methods of taxation prevailing at the Commencement Date are
altered so that in lieu of or as a substitute for the whole or any part of the taxes, assessments, levies,
impositions or charges (collectively “Assessments”) now levied, assessed or imposed (“Imposed”) on real
estate and improvements thereon, there is Imposed

         (1)          an Assessment made wholly or partially as a capital levy, or

         (2)          an Assessment measured by or based in whole or in part on the Premises, or

         (3)          a license fee measured by the Rent payable by Lessee under this Lease,

then to the extent that such Assessments or portion thereof would be payable if the Premises were the only
asset of Lessor subject to the Assessments, Lessee shall pay these Assessments in the same manner as
provided in this Lease for payment of real estate taxes.

§6.4 ESCROW FUNDS. If, during the Term of this Lease, Lessor or any mortgagee requests Lessee to
provide an escrow fund for payment of real estate taxes, Lessee agrees that upon such request it will
promptly deposit with Lessor or its designated mortgagee, for each month or portion thereof since the due
date of the previous tax bill, one-twelfth (1/12) of the latest year’s tax obligation (the “Monthly Escrow Sum”),
and that it will continue to deposit the Monthly Escrow Sum on the first day of each subsequent month, so
that as each installment of real estate taxes becomes due and payable, Lessee will have deposited a sum
sufficient to pay it. All of these deposits (the “Escrow Funds”) shall be received and held in trust; provided,
however, that unless otherwise required by law, Lessor or its designated mortgagee shall not be required

Lease/Sublease
Exhibit H (03/2026)
PLK #_____
                                                          12
