                                   AMENDMENT TO
                               FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                         REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA

       In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchises Law, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01
through 80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota
Commissioner of Commerce, Minn. Rules §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930, the parties to the
attached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as
follows:


        1.      Section 2.02.C. of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and shall have no
force or effect; and the following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

                        C.       Franchisee executes a general release in a form prescribed
                by Franchisor of any and all claims against Franchisor and its subsidiaries,
                and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees;
                excluding only such claims as Franchisee may have that have arisen under
                the Minnesota Franchises Law and/or the Rules and Regulations
                promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of Commerce;

         2.     Section II of the Agreement shall be amended to add the following new Section
2.04.:

                        2.04. The parties acknowledge that Minnesota law provides
                franchisees with certain termination, non-renewal rights, and that Minn.
                Stat. Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 require, except in certain specified
                cases, that a franchisee be given ninety (90) days’ notice of termination
                (with sixty (60) days to cure) and one hundred eighty (180) days’ notice of
                non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. To the extent the provisions of
                this Section II are inconsistent therewith, this section shall be superseded by
                the provisions and requirements of said Minnesota Law.

       3.      Section 5.05 of the Franchise Agreement shall be amended to add the following
language at the end thereof:

                With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, Franchisor shall
                protect Franchisee’s right to use the Proprietary Marks, at Franchisor’s cost,
                except to the extent that any litigation or claim relating to the Proprietary
                Marks arises from Franchisee’s use of such Proprietary Marks in a manner
                inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or with Franchisor’s standards
                applicable to the Proprietary Marks, as set forth in the Operations Manual
                or otherwise in writing.



State of Minnesota Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                              (Page 1 of 3)
