                                                   ITEM 5
                                                INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee

         Under the Franchise Agreement you must pay us a $50,000 franchise fee for a Popeyes Restaurant
(“Initial Franchise Fee”) before opening the Franchised Restaurant. Unless you are opening the Franchised
Restaurant under one of the Development Incentive Programs discussed below, the Initial Franchise Fee
under the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant is due at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement. In
all cases it is not credited against any other fee and is not refundable.

       You must sign either a Target Reservation Agreement (“TRA”) (Exhibit C1), a Multiple Target
Reservation Agreement (“MTRA) (Exhibit C2) or a Development Agreement (Exhibit C3) based on the
number of Franchised Restaurants you commit to develop.

        There is no deposit due when you sign the TRA. As discussed below, when you sign the MTRA,
you must pay to us an “MTRA Deposit” determined by multiplying $25,000 by the number of Popeyes
Restaurants openings committed. When you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $25,000 from
the previously made MTRA Deposit towards the Initial Franchise Fee owed by you for the applicable
Popeyes Restaurant until the full amount of all MTRA Deposit is applied.

         We may reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for franchise rights granted in certain Alternative Venues;
and, in particular, in those instances where the duration of the franchise term may be a shorter term (i.e.
typically one to five years) and as a result of the shorter occupancy rights or restrictions that may exist in these
other locations.

                                                *        *        *

        If you are purchasing an existing Franchised Restaurant as part of a transfer that has been approved by
us, you must pay us a pro-rated amount of the Initial Franchise Fee if we agree to grant you additional term.

       The Initial Franchise Fees actually paid for new franchises during our fiscal year ended December
31, 2025 ranged from $0 to $50,000 per Popeyes Restaurant. These variations in Initial Franchise Fees
may be attributed to: (i) the sale of franchises for alternative venues; (ii) existing Franchise and
Development Agreements entered into when our fee structure differed; (iii) periodic limited time offers and
promotions, including certain development incentive programs; (iv) unique circumstances to encourage the
development and opening of Popeyes Restaurants; or (v) a reallocation of fees between our Initial Franchise
Fee and previously required development fee in the second half of our last fiscal year.

Development Incentive Programs

        We have established the following programs that we refer to as development incentive programs
to encourage franchisees to develop and open new Popeyes Restaurants (collectively, the “Development
Incentive Programs” or “Programs”): (1) the Veterans Development Incentive Program; and (2) the College
Incentive Program;(3) the Airport Incentive Program. You must be in good standing under your existing
Development and Franchise Agreements, if any, to qualify for any Development Incentive Program. We
can modify or terminate any of these programs at any time.

       For purposes of the Development Incentive Programs, a “Free Standing Restaurant” is a Popeyes
Restaurant located in a single purpose, single tenant building. Free Standing Restaurants do not include


Item 5
03/2026                                                                                                     Page 17
