                                       Maryland Disclosure
       In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law,
Md. Code Ann. Bus. Reg. §§ 14-201 to 14-233, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Popeyes Louisiana
Kitchen, Inc. for the offer of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen franchises (“FDD”) for use in the State of
Maryland shall be amended to include the following:

        1.        Item 6 shall be amended to add the following footnote to the Notes that follow the chart:

                  Information about how fees related to advertising are raised and spent may be
                  found in the FDD in Item 11 under the subheading “Advertising Fund.”
                  Advertising fees are to be raised by a minimum weekly contribution of a
                  percentage of gross sales from all Restaurants (franchised and company-owned).
                  Details about how advertising fees are spent may also be found in the same portion
                  of the FDD. We will, upon request, provide you with an annual accounting of
                  receipts and disbursements of the Advertising Fund (this obligation arises under
                  Section 3.02.D. of the Franchise Agreement).

      2.       The following sentence is added to Item 17.v – “Choice of forum” for the Development
Agreement and the Franchise Agreement:

                  Pursuant to the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, you may
                  bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
                  Registration and Disclosure Law.

      3.          The following is added as Item 17.x. – “Other – Statute of Limitations” for the Franchise
Agreement:

                  Pursuant to the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, any claim
                  must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

          4.       Any representation requiring a franchisee to assent to a release, estoppel or waiver of
liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

        5.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

        Each provision of this Addendum to the FDD shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law are met independently without reference to this Addendum to the FDD.




03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                     Maryland Disclosure (Page 1 of 1)
