        12        Utility Deposits. You may need to provide deposits for utilities. The amount of these
deposits and utility costs will vary depending upon the location of the Franchised Restaurant and the
practices of the lessor and the utility companies.

        13       Business Licenses. Local, municipal, county and state regulations vary on what licenses
and permits are required to operate a Popeyes Restaurant. For example, you may need city and county
occupational licenses and a city food handlers’ license. These fees are paid to government authorities before
commencing business.

         14       Sitewise. You must use our required mapping, marketing planning, and data analytics
software if you sign a Development Agreement, TRA, or MTRA, or if you are a new franchisee in your
first year in the Popeyes system.

         15     Additional funds – 3 Months. You will need capital to support ongoing expenses, such as
payroll, uniforms, supplies and miscellaneous expenses. We estimate that this amount will be sufficient to
cover ongoing expenses for three months. This is only an estimate, however, and there is no assurance that
additional working capital will not be necessary whether during this initial phase or later.

         16      Total Estimated Initial Investment. The figures in the chart and the explanatory notes are
only estimates. This is our best estimate of your total investment, excluding the cost of real estate, assuming
that you will establish only one Franchised Restaurant. We relied upon the many years of experience of
our executives identified in Item 2, our experience in developing company-operated Free Standing Popeyes
Restaurants and reports from our franchisees in preparing these figures. In all cases, numerous market
specific factors exist that may contribute to costs greater than our estimates, including, without limitation,
elevated labor costs and the remoteness of your site.

                                              *       *        *

        No part of your initial investment payable to us is refundable under any circumstances. We do
not offer financing for any portion of your initial investment.


              [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



4906-6564-2905, v. 2




Item 7
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 35
