5.50% rate, then the Advertising Contribution rate of 5.50% of Gross Sales will apply for the remainder of
the term your Franchise Agreement.

        Alternatively, if we test a higher Advertising Contribution rate and the Popeyes Restaurant 4-Wall
EBITDA does not increase by the amount required under the Ad Fund Test Amendment, the Advertising
Contribution rate you will pay will revert to the most recent Advertising Contribution rate that we tested
successfully and remain at that rate for the remainder of the term of your Franchise Agreement. If the
5.0% Advertising Contribution rate does not test successfully, your Advertising Contribution rate will be
lowered to 4.6% of Gross Sales for the remainder of the term of your Franchise Agreement, however, , we
have the option of calling for a vote of participating restaurants on a proposal to maintain the Advertising
Contribution rate at 5% for the remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement for all participating
restaurants, including your Franchise Agreement. If a simple majority of the participating restaurants vote
in favor of the proposal, your Advertising Contribution rate will increase from 4.6% to 5% as of the
beginning of the month following the vote.

          We may waive or reduce Advertising Co-Op Contributions or any Advertising Contributions for
certain Restaurants, including Restaurants located in certain areas, for example, military bases, educational
facilities, transportation facilities, hospitals and other institutional locations.

          College Incentive Program

        If you qualify for the College Incentive Program (see Item 5) and sign a College Addendum to
the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit G2), you will not be required to pay Advertising Contributions for the
remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement.

          Airport Incentive Program

       If you qualify for the Airport Incentive Program (see Item 5) and sign an Airport Restaurant
Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit G3), you will not be required to pay Advertising
Contributions for the remainder of the term of the Franchise Agreement.


        5.        Franchisees may establish an advertising cooperative (“Advertising Co-Op” or “Co-Op”)
with PLK approval in any edesignated market area as defined by Nielsen Media Research, Inc., (“DMA”)
in which there is a franchised Popeyes Restaurant. See Item 11. The following chart lists those DMAs, as
of December 31, 2025, that have company-operated Popeyes Restaurants, and the voting power of those
Restaurants in each DMA. Each Restaurant in a Co-op is entitled to 1 vote. Each Restaurant’s Co-op
contributions, if any, will be in addition to the highest Advertising Contribution due from that Restaurant.
Co-op contributions can be increased only once in any 12-month period by a vote of 2/3 of the members
and may not be increased above an additional 2% of Gross Sales without the unanimous consent of the
members, unless a Co-op bylaw exists requiring a lesser threshold.




Item 6
03/2026                                                                                              Page 29
