                                     ITEM 8
                RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        To operate the Franchised Restaurant, you must use certain items that incorporate our trade secrets
(“Trade Secret Products”). Trade Secret Products include food, beverages, ingredients, spices, batter,
seasonings and mixes, sauces, products, materials, supplies, and other items. You must buy Trade Secret
Products only from suppliers that we designate. We have sole suppliers of certain Trade Secret Products
and chemicals and cleaning supplies. You must adhere to our national beverage strategy, which specifies
sole beverage suppliers, beverage flavors, beverage equipment and the number of valves per beverage
vendor, if applicable.

        Certain products bear our Proprietary Marks (as defined in Item 13) or are made to our
specifications by approved manufacturers (“Proprietary Products”). You must buy Proprietary Products
only from suppliers we approve in writing. Examples of Proprietary Products include certain food,
beverages, equipment uniforms, signs, menu boards, paper goods and packaging.

         In addition to Trade Secret Products, Proprietary Products and other items described in this Item 8,
you must buy all other items needed to operate the Franchised Restaurant (such flour, food trays, paperware,
equipment, items required for limited time offers, etc.) only from suppliers and distributors: (i) who
demonstrate, to our continuing and reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our reasonable standards for
those items; (ii) who possess adequate quality controls and capacity to supply your needs promptly and
reliably; (iii) whose approval would not adversely impact the overall efficiencies of the Popeyes System;
and (iv) as to whom we have given (and not later revoked) our written approval for each specific product
they are approved for, and are currently listed as approved suppliers for the corresponding approved
products in our electronic system of reference for approved products.

        You may use only the oil monitoring system, digital menu boards, drive-thru timers, firewall
network security systems, point-of-sale equipment, digital production management system, back-of-house
systems, including training tablets and over ear headphones, and other drive-thru related equipment and
systems that we approve in writing from time to time. You must enter your profit and loss statements online
each month, period or quarter, as determined by us, using our required categories for tracking revenue and
expenses. You must also submit an unaudited financial statement, including an income statement, balance
sheet and statement of cash flow each quarter, in the format we require.

        You must participate in a guest feedback program offered through a service provider designated by
us. You must also subscribe to a live guest relations program and 24/365 assurance hotline offered through
a service provider designated by us. These are the sole service providers for these programs. You must
provide ordering and delivery services that permit customers to order food for delivery or pickup at the
Restaurant via third party delivery providers’ apps and websites that we approve, as well as the POPEYES®
mobile app and website. You must sign and maintain agreements with the third-party delivery providers
we approve. You must also provide customer loyalty program services that we require via the digital
platforms we require. These digital platforms are the same platforms that enable ordering and delivery
services via the POPEYES® mobile app and website. We are the sole supplier of these digital platforms.

         You must comply with all applicable legal, regulatory and credit card brand requirements and brand
standards regarding the use of information technology in your business and restaurants. You must honor
all credit, charge, courtesy or cash cards or other credit devices that we specify. You must comply with the
then current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI/DSS) as those standards may be revised
by the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC (see www.pcisecuritystandards.org) or successor organization.
Among other things, you agree to implement the security requirements that the PCI Security Standards
Council (or its successor) requires of a merchant that accepts payment by credit and/or debit cards. You

Item 8
03/2026                                                                                              Page 36
