restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a
franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a
result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and
unenforceable in Washington.

        16.     Acknowledgments. No acknowledgement set forth in the Agreement waives any
liability Franchisor may have under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW
19.100, and the rules adopted thereunder.

       17.      Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

      18.     Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise
agreement or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or
complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure
Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).

       19.      Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise
Investment Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the business
of the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for
referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with a
franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the
franchise broker about a franchise.



                                  [THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS
                                INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




State of Washington Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                             (Page 3 of 4)
