                                             Exhibit B
                                         DEFINITIONS
In this Amendment, the terms below have the following meanings. Any capitalized terms used but
not defined herein, shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Franchise Agreement.
Any of such terms, unless the context otherwise requires, may be used in the singular or plural,
depending upon the context. The term “including” as used in this Amendment means “including
but not limited to.” Additionally, references herein to sections, clauses, exhibits and schedules are
to the sections, clauses, exhibits and schedules of this Amendment, unless the context otherwise
requires, and all exhibits and schedules to this Amendment are incorporated herein by this
reference thereto as if fully set forth herein. Any reference to a “day” herein shall mean a calendar
day, a “month” shall mean a calendar month, a “quarter” shall mean a calendar quarter, and a
“year” or “one-year” period shall mean 365 days (or 366 days during a leap year), such that a one-
year period beginning on April 1st of any calendar year shall end on March 31st of the following
calendar year.
“Advertising Contribution Rate” has the meaning given to it in the Recitals to this Amendment.
“Amended Renovation Date” has the meaning given to it in Section 8(a) of this Amendment.
“Base Year” means the one-year period immediately preceding Measurement Period 1.
“Base Year EBITDA” means the average twelve (12) month Restaurant 4-Wall EBITDA for U.S.
Popeyes Restaurants during the Base Year, as determined by Franchisor in accordance with
Section 6 of this Amendment.
“Combined Restaurants” means all Company Restaurants and Participating Restaurants.
“Company Restaurants” means those U.S. Popeyes Restaurants owned and operated by
Franchisor or any of its affiliates.
“Comparable Agreement” means an agreement amending the Advertising Contribution Rate and
Remodel Time Frame set forth in a franchise agreement on terms and conditions substantially the
same as the terms and conditions set forth herein, as determined by Franchisor, in its sole
discretion.
“Determination Date” means the date on which Franchisor determines whether an EBITDA
Condition has been satisfied with respect to the relevant Measurement Period which shall in no
event be later than ninety (90) days following the last day of the applicable Measurement Period.
“EBITDA Conditions” means the Measurement Period 1 EBITDA Condition, Measurement
Period 2 EBITDA Condition, and Measurement Period 3 EBITDA Condition, and “EBITDA
Condition” means any one of them.
“Effective Date” has the meaning given to it in the Preamble to this Amendment.


“Franchise Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the Recitals to this Amendment.


                                                  1
