                                    AMENDMENT TO
                       MULTIPLE TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
                         REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA


       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Multiple Target Reservation
Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all POPEYES franchises offered
and sold in the State of Minnesota:

      This Amendment is only applicable if Developer is a resident of Minnesota or if the
Restaurant will be located in Minnesota.

       1.     PLK shall not require Developer to assent to a release, assignment, novation or
waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections
80C.01 to 80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.

        2.      Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination, non-renewal and
transfer rights. Minn. Stat. §80C.14 (subdivisions 3, 4, and 5) requires, except in certain specified
cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180
days' notice of non-renewal of the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement, and provides that
consent to transfer of the franchise may not be unreasonably withheld. The Multiple Target
Reservation Agreement shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of Developer as
provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction
of the courts of Minnesota.

       3.      The following language amends the Multiple Target Reservation Agreement:

                “Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule
               2860.4400(J) prohibit PLK from requiring litigation to be conducted
               outside Minnesota or requiring Developer to consent to liquidated
               damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition,
               nothing in this Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of
               Developer’s rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter
               80C, or Developer’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies
               provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.”

        4.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of
any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        5.        By entering into this Amendment, Developer expressly consents to transact
business with PLK electronically and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, and all other applicable state and federal laws, this Amendment may be executed by
electronic signatures. The parties to this Amendment agree that the parties' electronic signatures
are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of
manual signatures and an electronically signed version of this Amendment shall constitute an
original for all purposes.
State of Minnesota Amendment to MTRA
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                            (Page 1 of 2)
