                                       TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT
                                              (NON-EXCLUSIVE)

        This Target Reservation Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into in Miami, Florida as
of the _____ day of __________________, 20___ (the “Effective Date”), by and between POPEYES
LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC. ("PLK"), a Minnesota corporation having its principal place of business at 5707
Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida, 33126, and                                  ("Developer").

                                               INTRODUCTION

        In consideration of the mutual undertakings and covenants contained in this Agreement and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows:

                                              ARTICLE I: GRANT

1.1    POPEYES® Restaurant Site. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PLK grants
Developer the right to develop a POPEYES® restaurant (the “Franchised Restaurant”) at the specific
address set forth on Exhibit A (“Site”), and the development of a Franchised Restaurant at the Site.

1.2      No Territorial or Other Rights. The development rights granted to Developer in this Agreement
are for the Site set forth in Exhibit A only, and: (a) Developer has no express or implied territorial rights in
any area to develop POPEYES® restaurants; (b) PLK has the unconditional right to directly or indirectly
develop, establish and/or approve a franchisee to develop POPEYES® restaurants at all locations other
than the Site; (c) the development rights specifically exclude the right to obtain approval for development
of a POPEYES® restaurant at any institutional locations, including, but not limited to, public buildings,
schools, hospitals, airports, factories, turnpikes, toll roads, universities, and existing or hereafter
established U.S. military establishments; and (d) rights or approvals previously granted by PLK to other
persons or entities are not affected by this Agreement. This Agreement shall not limit PLK’s ability to
renew or extend existing agreements or enter into new agreements for any POPEYES® restaurant whether
previously approved and under development or otherwise.

1.3      Success or Viability of a Site or Franchised Restaurant. The Developer agrees that neither PLK’s
approval of the Site nor any site selection assistance, site identification or other assistance by PLK prior to
such approval, shall be construed or interpreted as a representation or warranty relating directly or
indirectly to the success or viability of the Site or Franchised Restaurant and no reliance shall be placed
on any warranty, representation or advice that may be given by any person by or on behalf of PLK directly
or indirectly relating to the success or viability of the Site or Franchised Restaurant. Developer represents
and warrants that it has conducted its own independent investigation and due diligence with respect to
the viability and success of the Site or Franchised Restaurant and acknowledges that there are risks
associated with the development of a Franchised Restaurant at the Site and that there are no guarantees
that the Site or Franchised Restaurant will be successful or viable.

                                  ARTICLE II: OPENING DEADLINE SCHEDULE

Opening Deadline Schedule. Developer shall, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof,
construct, open and operate the new Franchised Restaurant at the Site no later than the date three
hundred sixty (360) days after the Effective Date (the "Opening Deadline").

Popeyes Target Reservation Agreement
Exhibit C1 (03/2026)
                                                       1
