we deem appropriate in our business judgment, and you must comply with such modifications, additions,
or rescissions. [Franchise Agreement, Section 7.04]

       7.      We will continue our efforts to maintain high and uniform standards of quality, cleanliness,
appearance and services at all Popeyes Restaurants. [Franchise Agreement, Section 9.05]

        8.       We will establish criteria for approving suppliers and will make every reasonable effort to
share our standards and specifications with your prospective suppliers upon completion of our electronic
approval request form. We may choose not to make available to prospective suppliers the standards and
specifications for any food or packaging formula, or equipment design that we deem to be confidential.
[Franchise Agreement, Section 9.05]

        9.      We may conduct periodic inspections of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant and
periodic evaluations of the products used and sold at the Franchised Restaurant. [Franchise Agreement,
Section 9.05]

Site Selection and Length of Time before Opening

        Typically, you will sign a TRA at the same time we have approved a site, or an MTRA that identifies
one or more Target Areas in which you are authorized to search for sites for development of new Restaurant(s).
A Target Area is an area with clear, describable boundaries. We assign Target Areas and issue TRAs and
MTRAs in our sole discretion. Alternatively, you may sign a Development Agreement. The Development
Agreement grants you a specific Territory in which to establish and operate Popeyes Restaurants under the
System at specific locations to be designated in separate Franchise Agreements.

          Unless we are leasing or subleasing a site to you, we do not select the site for your Franchised
Restaurant and even in those situations you are free to locate your own site. If we are leasing or subleasing
a site to you we or an affiliate will generally own the site.

         Otherwise, you select the site subject to our acceptance of the site. You must submit for our
acceptance a Site Package, in the form that we require (inclusive of your proposed site plan, floor plan and
elevations), for the site of each Franchised Restaurant you propose to develop. We will evaluate each
proposed site, site plan, floor plan and elevations and we will send you written notice of our acceptance or
non-acceptance of the site. If an Impact Study is requested in accordance with our Impact Guidelines, our
notice to you of acceptance or non-acceptance may be delayed.

         We consider the following factors, among other things, in evaluating the proposed site:
demographic characteristics (such as number of households in the neighborhood, average income and
family size); traffic patterns; proximity to existing restaurants, including Popeyes Restaurants; and the size
and condition of the proposed premises. We may retain the services of third-party real estate analysts to
evaluate proposed sites for Popeyes Restaurants, including the potential sales that can be generated from
particular sites. Our acceptance of a site or lease or sublease of a site to you is not a representation or
promise by us that a Popeyes Restaurant at that site will achieve a certain sales volume or level of
profitability. Similarly, our acceptance of one or more sites and our non-acceptance of other sites is not a
representation or promise by us that a site we accept will have a higher sales volume or be more profitable
than a site we do not accept. Our acceptance only indicates our willingness to be represented by you at that
site. Within 90 days after our acceptance of a proposed site, you must provide us with satisfactory evidence
(such as a deed or signed lease) that you have the right to occupy the site.

        If we believe that a proposed site may have potential impact on another existing Popeyes Restaurant
and the existing Restaurant is not located at an Alternative Venue, then, under our current site consideration

Item 11
03/2026                                                                                                Page 48
