and impact guidelines, the franchisee for any existing location may ask for an impact study analysis, which
would be conducted by an independent third-party consultant. In this event, if you wish to continue to have
your proposed site evaluated, you must pay for the impact study fee conducted by the third party in the
amount of $3,500 per study. If the results of an impact study reveal that the potential impact on sales for
the existing location would be less than ten percent, the cost of the impact study will be paid by the existing
franchisee and we will refund to you the money that you paid. If the results of an impact study reveal that
the potential impact on sales for the existing location would be ten percent or more, we would not approve
the proposed site for development and you will not get a refund of the impact study fee. We may change
or modify these impact guidelines periodically as we deem appropriate.

         The typical length of time between the signing of a Franchise Agreement and the opening of the
Franchised Restaurant is 30 days. The typical length of time between receiving site approval and the
opening of the Franchised Restaurant is 12-24 months. The length of this period depends on many factors,
such as your ability to buy or lease a site and obtain adequate financing, the local requirements you must
meet to obtain permits and zoning approval, and other factors (such as weather) that affect construction in
your area. Other factors may affect the length of this period, such as your ability to obtain insurance and
to get your approval of the final and complete plans and specifications for the construction/renovation and
decoration of the Franchised Restaurant.

       If we cannot reach agreement on a site or you do not open within _18____ months of receiving site
approval, you will be unable to operate a Popeyes Restaurant, you may be in default under the Development
Schedule of your Development Agreement or MTRA and we may terminate the Development Agreement,
TRA or MTRA.

      When we evaluate sites for future Popeyes Restaurants that you develop under the Development
Agreement, we will apply our then-current policies and standards.

         Except as disclosed above we do not locate a site for you. We do not negotiate the purchase or
lease of a site for you. Under no circumstances do we conform the premises to local ordinances or building
codes or obtain any required permits. This is your responsibility. If we lease or sublease a site to you in
most cases we or a third party would have constructed the site assuming we are leasing or subleasing an
actual building to you. Otherwise, we do not construct, remodel or decorate the premises.

The Popeyes Training Program

         Certain of your management employees must complete (to our satisfaction) the Popeyes Training
Program (“PTP”) for their applicable management role at the Franchised Restaurant. PTP is provided to
protect the System and the Proprietary Marks and not to control the day to day operation of your Franchised
Restaurant. You are responsible for hiring and training your employees.

         If the Franchised Restaurant is your first Popeyes Restaurant, then before you open or take
possession of the Franchised Restaurant, a minimum of five of your designated management employees
(we will decide the final number), including the Managing Director, must complete (to our satisfaction)
PTP for their applicable management role at the Franchised Restaurant. If the Franchised Restaurant is not
your first Popeyes Restaurant (i.e. you currently own and operate one or more Popeyes Restaurants), and if
you already have an approved Managing Director that has completed PTP for his/her applicable
management role in the Franchised Restaurant, then before you open or take possession of the Franchised
Restaurant, a minimum of three of your designated management employees (we will decide the final
number) must complete (to our satisfaction) PTP for their applicable management roles at the Franchised
Restaurant.


Item 11
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 49
