        performance and a breach of, each and every provision of this Agreement; and (iii)
        notwithstanding any transfer to a business entity formed for convenience of ownership,
        each individual shall continue to be jointly and severally bound by, and personally liable
        for the timely and complete performance and a breach of, each and every provision of this
        Agreement.

        6.02. Franchisee shall furnish to Franchisor, upon execution or any subsequent transfer
of this Agreement, as applicable, true and complete copies of the articles or certificate of
incorporation, articles of organization, membership agreement, partnership agreement, bylaws,
subscription agreements, buy-sell agreements, voting trust agreements and all other documents
relating to the ownership, organization, capitalization, management and control of Franchisee and
all amendments thereto and a list of shareholders, members or owners showing the percentage
interest of each. When any of these governing documents are modified or changed, Franchisee
promptly shall provide copies to Franchisor. Franchisee may not change the form of its entity
unless Franchisor mutually agrees in writing that such a change is warranted. Franchisee shall
promptly furnish Franchisor, on a regular basis, with certified copies of such business records
material to the Franchised Restaurant as Franchisor may require from time to time in the Manual
or otherwise in writing.

        6.03.    Restrictive Legend.

                A.       If Franchisee is a corporation, Franchisee shall maintain stop-transfer
        instructions against the transfer, on its records, of any securities with voting rights, subject
        to the restrictions of this Agreement, and each stock certificate of the corporate Franchisee
        representing each share of stock, shall have conspicuously endorsed upon it the following
        legend: “Any assignment or transfer of this stock is subject to the restrictions imposed on
        assignment by the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Franchise Agreement with Popeyes
        Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. dated [INSERT AGREEMENT DATE] to which the corporation
        is a party.”

               B.      If Franchisee is a limited liability company, each membership or
        management certificate shall have conspicuously endorsed upon its face the following
        statement: “Any assignment or transfer of an interest in this limited liability company is
        subject to the restrictions imposed on assignment by the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen
        Franchise Agreement with Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. dated [INSERT
        AGREEMENT DATE] to which the limited liability company is a party.”

                C.     If Franchisee is a partnership, Franchisee’s written partnership agreement
        shall provide that ownership of an interest in the partnership is held, and that further
        assignment or transfer thereof, is subject to all restrictions imposed on assignment by this
        Agreement.

        6.04. Franchisee represents, warrants, and covenants to Franchisor that the information
set forth on Exhibit “B” is and will be, true, correct, and complete at all times during the Term
(including the identity of all of the individuals with an ownership interest in Franchisee, the amount
of such ownership interest, and other information specified). Without limiting the generality of

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        14
Exhibit D (03/2026)
