        Franchisee fails to make prompt payment to lenders, landlords or other vendors of the
        Franchisee.

        15.03. Except as provided in Sections 15.01. and 15.02. of this Agreement, upon any
 default by Franchisee which is susceptible of being cured, Franchisor may terminate this
 Agreement only by giving written Notice of Termination stating the nature of such default to
 Franchisee (i) at least five (5) days prior to the effective date of termination if the default is for
 failure to comply with the requirements of Sections XI or 17.02 hereof or for the failure to sell or
 offer for sale the minimum menu items specified in the Manual or otherwise in writing, as
 required by Section 10.05.B hereof, (ii) at least ten (10) days prior to the effective date of
 termination if the default is for failure to pay the Initial Franchise Fee, Royalty, Advertising
 Contributions (including Co-Op Contributions, if any are due and/or any other financial
 obligations owed to Franchisor by Franchisee), and (iii) at least thirty (30) days, prior to the
 effective date of termination for any other default; provided, however, that Franchisee may avoid
 termination by curing such default to Franchisor’s satisfaction within the aforementioned five (5)
 day, ten (10) day or thirty (30) day period, as applicable. If any such default is not cured within
 the specified time, this Agreement shall terminate without further notice to Franchisee effective
 immediately upon the expiration of the aforementioned five (5) day, ten (10) day or thirty (30)
 day period, as applicable, or such longer period as applicable law may require. Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Franchisee hereby acknowledges that any
 agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor relating to past due amounts accruing hereunder,
 (an “Arrearage Agreement”), including any promissory note or amendment to this agreement
 shall be deemed to be a material part of this agreement and shall be incorporated herein by
 reference. A default under any Arrearage Agreement shall be deemed a default of this Franchise
 Agreement, regardless of the reason Franchisee fails to pay the amount which is the subject of
 such Arrearage Agreement.

       15.04. If any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent governmental authority
with jurisdiction over this Agreement requires a notice or cure period prior to termination longer
than set forth in this Section 15, this Agreement will be deemed amended to conform to the
minimum notice or cure period required by the applicable law or regulation.

         15.05. Franchisee shall indemnify and hold Franchisor harmless for all costs, expenses
and any losses incurred by Franchisor in enforcing the provisions hereof, or in upholding the
propriety of any action or determination by Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement, or in defending
any claims made by Franchisee against Franchisor, or arising in any manner from Franchisee’s
breach of or failure to perform any covenant or obligation hereunder, including reasonable
litigation expenses and attorneys’ fees incurred by Franchisor in connection with any threatened
or pending litigation relating to any part of this Agreement, unless Franchisee shall be found, after
due legal proceedings, to have complied with all of the terms, provisions, conditions and covenants
hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provisions of this Section 15.05. shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and be fully binding and enforceable as
though such expiration or termination had not occurred.




Popeyes Franchise Agreement                        42
Exhibit D (03/2026)
