                         1.      Each Cooperative shall be organized for the primary purpose of
                 administering regional advertising programs and developing, subject to
                 Franchisor’s approval, standardized promotional materials for use by its members
                 in local advertising.

                        2.      No advertising or promotional plans or materials may be used by an
                 Ad Co-op or furnished to its members without the prior approval of Franchisor,
                 pursuant to the procedures and terms set forth in Section 10.07. hereof.

                         3.      Franchisee shall pay its required Co-op Contribution to Franchisor
                 weekly, on Gross Sales for the preceding week, together with such statements or
                 reports as may be required by Franchisor, or by the Ad Co-op with Franchisor’s
                 prior written approval.

                D.      Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may grant an exemption to any franchisee
        for any length of time from the requirement of membership in an Ad Co-op, and/or from
        the obligation to contribute thereto (including a reduction, deferral or waiver of such
        contribution), upon written request of such franchisee stating reasons supporting such
        exemption. Franchisor’s decision concerning such request for exemption shall be final. If
        an exemption is granted to a franchisee, such franchisee shall be required to expend on
        local advertising, on a monthly basis, the same amount as would otherwise be assessed by
        the Ad Co-op, as set forth in Section 10.08.B. hereof.

               E.     Franchisor shall be a member of all Ad Co-ops in DMA’s where Franchisor
        operates Popeyes Restaurants. Accordingly, Franchisor shall enjoy voting rights and shall
        make Co-op Contributions; provided, however, Popeyes Restaurants operated by
        Franchisor may be entitled to the same types of exemptions as provided to Franchisees in
        accordance with the terms of Section 10.08.D above.

        10.09. All local advertising by Franchisee shall be in such media, and of such type and
format as Franchisor may approve; shall be conducted in a dignified manner; and shall conform to
such standards and requirements as Franchisor may specify. Franchisee shall not use any
advertising or promotional plans or materials unless and until Franchisee has received written
approval from Franchisor, pursuant to the procedures and terms set forth in Section 10.07. hereof.

        10.10. All advertising and promotional plans proposed to be used by Franchisee or the Ad
Co-op, where applicable, except such plans and materials that have been previously approved by
Franchisor shall be submitted to Franchisor for Franchisor’s written approval (except with respect
to prices to be charged) prior to any use thereof. Franchisor shall use its best efforts to complete
its review of Franchisee’s proposed advertising and promotional plans within fifteen (15) days
after Franchisor receives such plans. If written approval is not received by Franchisee or the Ad
Co-op from Franchisor within fifteen (15) days after receipt by Franchisor of such plans,
Franchisor shall be deemed to have disapproved such plans.

       10.11. If Franchisee operates more than one (1) Franchised Restaurant, Franchisee shall
have a supervisor, which may be Franchisee, if Franchisee is an individual, to supervise and

Popeyes Franchise Agreement                       25
Exhibit D (03/2026)
