                           Trademark                         Reg No.       Reg. Date
                           POPPY LOUISIANA KITCHEN           7157995       9/5/2023
                           OPEN SEAL in Color




                           POPPY STANDING DESIGN             7055707       5/16/2023




                           POPPY Standing (Color)            7026697       4/11/2023




         You must follow our rules when you use these trademarks. You cannot use the trademarks as part
of a corporate, limited liability company or partnership name or with modifying words, designs or symbols.
You may not use the trademarks in connection with the sale of any unauthorized products or services or in
any manner not authorized in writing by us.

         There are currently no effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court relating to the principal trademarks.
There are no pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings or material litigation involving
the principal trademarks (except that some of our registrations exclude the city of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin).
There are no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license the use of the
principal trademarks in any manner material to you. We do not know of any superior prior rights or
infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the principal trademarks in any state.

          You must promptly notify us of any suspected infringement of or challenge to our trademarks. We
will control any administrative proceeding or litigation involving our trademarks and will decide whether to
pursue any suspected infringer. If we defend or commence litigation relating to the trademarks, you must sign
documents and do what our counsel believes is necessary to carry out the defense or prosecution. Unless the
litigation arises as a result of your use of the trademarks in a manner inconsistent with the Franchise
Agreement, we will reimburse you for your out-of-pocket costs in doing these things (except that you will
still bear the salary costs of your employees). Otherwise, we are not obligated by the Franchise Agreement,
or any other agreement, to defend the rights granted to you to use the trademarks or to defend you against
claims of infringement or unfair competition. Nevertheless, it is ordinarily in our best interest to do so.

         If we find it necessary to modify or discontinue the use of a particular trademark as a result of
litigation, or if we develop additional trademarks, or otherwise substitute trademarks for use in identifying the
System and the Popeyes restaurants operating under the System, you must immediately use the new marks in
place of the old marks upon receipt of our notice to do so, and such substitutions will be at your expense.

        You may not operate an Internet web site for your Franchised Restaurant (“Web Site”) without our
prior written consent. Our consent to your creating, operating and/or maintaining a Web Site is subject to
those requirements as we may reasonably establish periodically, including, among others: (a) we may
require you to submit to us for our prior written approval, a sample of the proposed Web Site, domain name,
home page address, format and visible (including proposed screen shots and any text, video clips,

Item 13
03/2026                                                                                                 Page 63
