                                   AMENDMENT TO
                               FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                         REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND

       In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, Md. Code Ann. Bus. Reg. §§ 14-201 to 14-233, the parties to the attached Popeyes Louisiana
Kitchen, Inc. Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

        1.      The following statement is added to Sections 2.02.C., 14.01, and 14.03.E.:

                The release by Franchisee shall not apply to any claims made under the
                Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

        2.     Sections 24.01. and 24.02. of the Agreement shall be deleted in their entirety and
shall have no force or effect; and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof:

                         24.01. Applicable Law. This Agreement takes effect upon its
                acceptance and execution by Franchisor and shall be interpreted and
                construed under the laws of the State of Florida which laws shall prevail in
                the event of any conflict of law (without regard to, and without giving effect
                to, the application of Florida choice of law or conflict of law rules) except
                to the extent governed by: (i) the Maryland Franchise Registration and
                Disclosure Law; and (ii) the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946, 15 U.S.C. § 1051,
                et seq. (the “Lanham Act”) as amended; provided, however, that if the
                covenants in Section XIII of this Agreement would not be enforceable under
                the laws of Florida, and the Franchised Unit is located outside of Florida,
                then such covenants shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the
                state in which the Franchised Unit is located. Nothing in this Section XXIV
                is intended by the parties to subject this Agreement to any franchise or
                similar law, rule, or regulation of the State of Florida to which this
                Agreement would not otherwise be subject.

                        24.02. Choice of Forum. The parties agree that any action brought
                by Franchisee against Franchisor in any court, whether federal or state, shall
                be brought within such state and in the judicial district in which Franchisor
                has its principal place of business. Any action brought by Franchisor
                against Franchisee in any court, whether federal or state, may be brought
                within the state and in the judicial district in which Franchisor has its
                principal place of business. Franchisee hereby consents to personal
                jurisdiction and venue in the state and judicial district in which Franchisor
                has its principal place of business. The provisions of this Section 24.02.
                shall not apply with respect to any claim arising under the Maryland
                Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.



State of Maryland Amendment to Franchise Agreement
03/2026 Popeyes
Exhibit K
                                             (Page 1 of 3)
