 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
30 
7.H. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES 
 
(1) Franchisee shall, at all times, secure and maintain in full force all required licenses, permits and 
certificates relating to the operation of the Franchised Business, and Franchisee must operate the 
Franchised Business in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, codes and regulations. 
 
(2) Franchisee shall, at all times, investigate, review, and comply with all laws applicable to the 
operation of the Franchised Business, including, without limitation, all labor laws and obligations, wage 
and hour laws and obligations, employer practices laws and obligations, labor department rules and 
regulations, workers compensation and unemployment laws and rules, insurance obligations, and health 
and safety laws, rules and obligations. 
 
(3) Franchisee shall, at all times, investigate, review, and comply with all laws, rules, and regulations 
related to all laws, rules, and regulations related to customer and employee privacy obligations and 
protections and, all laws, rules, and regulations, related to the privacy and protection of customer and 
employee information and data and, all laws, rules, and regulations related to customer and employee 
solicitations. 
 
(4) Franchisee must, at all times, immediately notify Franchisor in writing of any of the following 
concerning Franchisee, and/or the Franchised Business: (a) any cause of action, claim, lawsuit, 
proceeding, and investigation; (b) issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award, and/or decree by any 
court, agency, or other governmental entity; and (c) any notice of violation of any law, ordinance, code, 
permit, or regulation.  
 
(5) Franchisee shall, at all times, ensure that all advertising and promotion of the Franchised Business 
by Franchisee is completely factual and conforms to the highest standards of ethical advertising, and is 
in conformity with Franchisor’s standards and specifications. Franchisee shall refrain from any business 
practice, advertising practice, or personal conduct that may be injurious to Franchisor, the System, 
Home Halo Agencies, and/or the Licensed Marks. Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, shall 
possess, among other things, the unilateral right to reject any and all advertising relating to the 
Franchised Business, Franchisor, the System, Home Halo Agencies and/or using the Licensed Marks. 
 
(6) Franchisee shall comply with, and cause Franchisee’s Owners to comply with and/or to assist 
Franchisor, to the fullest extent possible, in Franchisor’s efforts to comply with Anti-Terrorism Laws 
(as defined below). In connection with such compliance, Franchisee and each Owner certify, represent, 
and warrant that Franchisee’s or any Owner’s property or interests is not subject to being “blocked” 
under any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws, and Franchisee and each Owner are not otherwise in violation 
of any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws. Franchisee further certifies that Franchisee and each Owner are not 
listed on the Annex to Executive Order 13244 (the Annex is available at http://www.treasury.gov) and 
will not become so listed, hire any person so listed, or have dealings with any person so listed. 
Franchisee agrees to immediately notify Franchisor if Franchisee or any Owner becomes so listed. 
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” refers to and means Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the 
United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other present and future federal, state and local laws, 
ordinances, regulations, policies, lists and any other requirements of any governmental authority 
addressing, or in any way relating to, terrorist acts and acts of war.  If Franchisee, an Owner, or 
Franchisee’s employees violate any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws and/or become listed on the Annex to 
Executive Order 13244, then Franchisor may terminate this Agreement immediately without prior 
notice to Franchisee. 
 
In connection with Franchisee’s compliance with the terms of this Article 7.H., if Franchisee discovers, 
learns of, and/or becomes aware of any conflict and/or discrepancy between Franchisee’s obligations under 
