 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
22 
Months in Operation 
Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement (Per Territory) 
7-12 
$144 
13-24 
$288 
25-36 
$433 
37-48 
$577 
49-60 
$721 
61-72 
$865 
73+ 
$1,010 
The Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement is not imposed during the initial six month period following 
the date Franchisee commences operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
Renewal Term: During any applicable renewal term, Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, may increase the applicable Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement by an amount not 
exceeding 10% per annum. During any applicable renewal term, the Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee 
Requirement will not be less than the amount shown above for Months in Operation “73+.” 
 
Payment and Due Date: The Royalty Fee shall be calculated on a weekly basis for each respective weekly 
Accounting Period. Royalty Fee payments shall be paid by Franchisee to Franchisor weekly by ACH, 
electronic funds transfer, or as otherwise designated by Franchisor and shall be due on the Thursday of each 
weekly Accounting Period for the preceding week, and each week thereafter throughout the entire Term of 
this Agreement or, such other specific day of the week that Franchisor designates from time to time or for 
such other period that Franchisor may designate (the “Due Date”).  
 
Tax Obligations: If any federal, state or local tax, other than an income tax, is imposed on the Royalty Fee 
paid by Franchisee to Franchisor that, Franchisor cannot directly and, dollar for dollar, offset against taxes 
required to be paid by Franchisor under any applicable federal or state laws, Franchisee must compensate 
Franchisor in the manner prescribed by Franchisor so that the net amount or net rate received by Franchisor 
for the Royalty Fee is not less than that which has been established by this Agreement and which was due 
to Franchisor on the effective date of this Agreement. If any state imposes a sales or other tax on the Royalty 
Fees, then Franchisor shall have the right to charge and collect the tax from Franchisee. 
 
Payment Authorization: Upon the request of Franchisor and in no event not later than 30 days prior to the 
earlier of the Actual Opening Date or the Scheduled Opening Date, Franchisee shall execute Franchisor’s 
designated ACH Authorization Form and such other authorization agreements, in the form proscribed by 
Franchisor and permitting Franchisor’s direct withdrawal and/or electronic transfer of sums from 
Franchisee’s designated business bank account, for the on-going payment of Royalty Fees and, all other 
fees and sums due from Franchisee under this Agreement. As of the Effective Date, Franchisor’s current 
ACH Authorization that must be executed and complied with by Franchisee is attached to this Agreement 
as Exhibit 4. Franchisor may require Franchisee to pay the Royalty Fees and other amounts due under this 
Agreement by means other than ACH and/or automatic debit whenever Franchisor deems appropriate, and 
Franchisee agrees to comply with Franchisor’s payment instructions.  
 
Royalty and Activity Reports: On the Due Date each week, Franchisee shall report, transmit, confirm, 
and/or otherwise make available to Franchisor, as designated by Franchisor, a Royalty and Activity Reports 
containing information as designated by Franchisor and relating to the Gross Sales, financial performance, 
and operations of the Franchised Business for the preceding weekly Accounting Period (the “Royalty and 
Activity Report”). Franchisor shall have the right to verify such royalty payments from time to time, as it 
deems necessary in any reasonable manner.  
 
5.C. 
TECHNOLOGY FEE 
Throughout the Term of this Agreement and any applicable renewal term, Franchisee shall pay to 
