 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
2 
policies, procedures, information, concepts, programs and systems relating to the development, 
establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of the Home Halo Agency; (b) information 
concerning customers, customer lists, email lists, database lists, product sales, operating results, 
financial performance and other financial data of the Home Halo Agency; (c) customer lists and 
information related to the Home Halo Agency; (d) Business Management System Data; (e) current and 
future information contained in the Home Halo Operations Manual made available to the Home Halo 
Agency by Home Halo Franchising, LLC; and (f) production, supply, and service procedures that are 
not disclosed to the public but used by the Home Halo Agency. 
“Digital Media” refers to and means any interactive or static electronic document, application or media 
including, but not limited to, www.homecarehubfranchising.com, social media platforms and 
applications such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter / X, Pinterest, Instagram, SnapChat, YouTube, and 
world wide web and internet based directories and local directories that refers, references, identifies, 
reviews, promotes and/or relates, in any way, to the Home Halo Agency or other Home Halo Agency.  
 
“Licensed Marks” refers to and means the word marks, trademarks, service marks, and logos now or 
hereafter utilized in the operation of a Home Halo Agency, including, but not limited to, the “Home 
Halo” word mark, associated logos, and any other trademarks, service marks or trade names that we 
designate for use in a Home Halo Agency. 
 
“Operations Manual” refers to and means the confidential Operations Manual made available to the 
Home Halo Agency by our franchisor or as otherwise designated by us. The Operations Manual may 
consist of one or more volumes, handbooks, manuals, written materials, video, electronic media files, 
cloud/internet based list-service, intra-net, internet based and accessed databases, computer media, 
webinars and other materials as may be modified, added to, replaced or supplemented.  
 
“Trade Dress” refers to and means Home Halo designs, images, marketing materials, packaging, 
branding and/or branding images used in connection with the operation of the Home Halo Agency. 
 
3. Your Access to Confidential Information. In addition to the representations and acknowledgments 
contained in the Recitals and Representations, above, you acknowledge and represent that in your capacity 
as an employee, independent contractor, officer and/or director of the Home Halo Agency that you will be 
gaining access to, among other things, the Confidential Information. You acknowledge that the terms of 
this Agreement are fair and reasonable. 
 
4. Protection of the Confidential Information. You agree that: (i) you will not use the Confidential 
Information in any business or capacity other than the Home Halo Agency; (ii) you will maintain the 
confidentiality of the Confidential Information at all times; (iii) you will not make unauthorized copies of 
documents containing the Confidential Information; (iv) you will take such reasonable steps as the we may 
ask of you from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information; and 
(v) you will stop using the Confidential Information immediately at our request or demand. You will not 
use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than for the performance of your duties on behalf 
of us and in accordance with the scope of your work with us. 
 
5. Reasonableness of Covenants and Restrictions. You agree that the terms of this Agreement are 
reasonable and fair and that you have sufficient resources and business experience and opportunities to earn 
an adequate living while complying with the terms of this Agreement. You hereby waive any right to 
challenge the terms of this Agreement as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise 
unenforceable.  
 
6. Breach. You agree that failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm 
to us and to our Franchisor, Home Halo Franchising, LLC, and other Home Halo franchisees for which 
