 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
32 
waive our right of first refusal; we approve of the transfer and 
transferee in writing and subject to our discretion; and you pay 
the Transfer Fee (subject to applicable state laws). 
 
n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal to 
acquire franchisee’s business 
14.F. 
We have the right to match any offer to purchase your Home Halo 
Agency or the Corporate Entity operating your Home Halo 
Agency. 
  
o. Franchisor’s option to purchase 
franchisee’s business 
 
Not 
applicable 
Not applicable. 
 
p. Death or disability of franchisee 
14.D. 
If you are an individual, within 30 days of your death or 
permanent disability, your executor and/or legal representative 
must appoint an Operating Manager approved by us and within 
60 days of such appointment the Operating Manager must 
complete, to our satisfaction, our initial training program. Within 
12 months of the date of death or disability, the Franchise 
Agreement must be transferred to a transferee approved by us and 
otherwise transferred in accordance with the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement. If the franchisee is a Corporate Entity, 
within 30 days of the death or permanent disability of your 
Managing Owner, if there are other Owners, you must appoint a 
replacement Operating Manager approved by us and within 60 
days of such appointment the replacement Operating Manager 
must complete, to our satisfaction, our initial training program.  
 
q. Non-competition covenants during 
the term of the franchise 
6 
No involvement in any competitive business and must comply 
with 
confidentiality, 
non-disclosure 
and 
non-solicitation 
covenants. 
 
r. 
Non-competition covenants after the 
franchise is terminated or expires 
6, 17 
No involvement, ownership or interest whatsoever for 24 months 
in any competing business in: your Operating Territory; a 25 mile 
radius of your Operating Territory; the Operating Territory of any 
other Home Halo Agency; and you must comply with 
confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-solicitation covenants.  
 
s. 
Modification of the agreement 
 
18.L. 
 
Requires writing signed by you and us, except for unilateral 
changes that we may make to the Manuals or our unilateral 
reduction of the scope of a restrictive covenant that we may make 
in our discretion. 
 
t. 
Integration/merger clauses 
18.M. 
 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and schedules to the 
Franchise Agreement and the respective signed exhibits to the 
Franchise Agreement are binding, subject to state law. Nothing in 
any agreement is intended to disclaim the express representations 
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document, its exhibits and 
amendments. 
 
u. Dispute resolution by arbitration or 
mediation 
 
18.G. 
Except for certain claims for injunctive relief, all disputes must 
first be submitted to non-binding mediation in Arapaho County, 
Colorado and, if mediation is unsuccessful, then to binding 
arbitration in Arapaho County, Colorado. This provision is 
subject to applicable state law. 
 
