 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
60 
forbearance shall constitute a waiver by Franchisor to subsequently enforce such term and condition of this 
Agreement or subsequently exercise such right, option, or power. Acceptance by Franchisor of any 
payments, fees, charges, or other amount from Franchisee payable to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement 
shall not constitute a waiver or acceptance of Franchisee’s default or breach of this Agreement or otherwise 
a waiver of any term and condition of this Agreement, and Franchisor reserves the right to pursue any and 
all additional remedies set forth in this Agreement, at law, or in equity. Franchisor shall likewise not be 
deemed to have waived or impaired any term and condition, right, option or power set forth in this 
Agreement by virtue of any custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement or Franchisor’s insistence upon Franchisee’s strict compliance with Franchisee’s 
obligations, including any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure. No waiver by 
Franchisor of any term and condition of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by 
Franchisor. 
 
18.C. FORCE MAJEURE 
If either Franchisor or Franchisee is delayed in performing any obligation under this Agreement by any 
cause reasonably beyond its control when such cause would affect any person or entity similarly situated, 
including, without limitation, war, civil disorder, catastrophic weather, power outage, acts of God and/or 
labor strikes unassociated with Franchisee or Franchisor (collectively, “Force Majeure”), then the time 
period for performing such obligation shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of delay.  
Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing sentence, any delay resulting from Force Majeure shall not 
excuse Franchisee’s payment of any fee, charge, amount, and/or any other monetary or financial obligation 
to Franchisor under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the payment of the Royalty Fee and 
Advertising Contributions, and the non-performance of any obligation under this Agreement due to Force 
Majeure shall not be extended or otherwise excused for more than six months.  
 
18.D. SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF 
Nothing in this Agreement bars Franchisor’s right to obtain specific performance of the provisions of this 
Agreement and injunctive relief under legal and/or equity rules against threatened conduct that will cause 
damages or loss to it, the Licensed Marks or the System. Without limitation to the rights set forth in Article 
6 of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may obtain such injunctive relief. Franchisee agrees 
that Franchisor will not be required to post a bond (other than as set forth in Article 6.G. of this Agreement) 
to obtain injunctive relief and that Franchisee’s only remedy if an injunction is entered against Franchisee 
will be the dissolution of that injunction, if warranted, upon a hearing duly held (all claims for damages by 
reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby). The remedies 
available to Franchisor under Article 6.G.  are not exclusive of one another and may be combined with 
others under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance and 
recovery of monetary damages. Without limitation to the foregoing Franchisee agrees that in the event of a 
breach of this Agreement by Franchisee respecting and/or concerning the System and/or the Licensed 
Marks shall cause irreparable harm to Franchisor, the System and the Licensed Marks. The foregoing shall 
not be interpreted to invalidate the mediation and arbitration requirements set forth in Article 18.G. of this 
Agreement and shall be consistent with same. 
 
18.E. 
RIGHTS OF PARTIES ARE CUMULATIVE 
The rights under this Agreement are cumulative and no exercise or enforcement by a party of any right or 
remedy precludes the exercise or enforcement by that party of any other right or remedy which Franchisor 
or Franchisee is entitled by law to enforce.  
 
18.F. 
GOVERNING LAW 
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT GOVERNED BY THE UNITED STATES TRADEMARK ACT OF 1946 
(LANHAM ACT, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 ET SEQ.) OR OTHER FEDERAL LAW, THIS AGREEMENT AND 
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
