 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
19 
Franchisor, and/or Franchisor’s affiliates or designees may be the sole and exclusive supplier. Franchisee 
shall pay for all costs and expenses charged to Franchisee for Contact Center Services. Fees for Contact 
Center Services shall, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, be exclusively determined by 
Franchisor in accordance with the terms of Article 5.D. of this Agreement or as otherwise authorized by 
this Agreement.  Franchisee’s participation and use of the Contact Center is mandatory and Franchisee’s 
payment of Contact Center Fees is mandatory.  
 
ARTICLE 4 
TRAINING AND OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
 
4.A. 
INITIAL TRAINING, SUPPLEMENTAL TRAINING AND SYSTEM-WIDE TRAINING 
 
(1) Within 45 days of the earlier of the Scheduled Opening Date or the Actual Opening Date, 
Franchisee’s Managing Owner and one manager must complete, to Franchisor’s satisfaction, 
Franchisor’s initial training program (the “Training Program”). Franchisor will provide Franchisee, 
comprised of Franchisee’s Managing Owner, and one designated manager, with Franchisor’s Training 
Program. If Franchisee would like more than two individuals to attend the Training Program, subject 
to Franchisor’s approval, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an additional fee of $500 per additional 
person per day attending the Training Program (the “Additional Initial Training Fee”). Additional Initial 
Training Fees shall be pre-paid in advance of training and upon submission of invoice by Franchisor to 
Franchisee. 
 
Prior to opening and commencing the operations of the Franchised Business, the Managing Owner and 
other personnel as designated or determined by Franchisor, must attend and successfully complete the 
Training Program designated by Franchisor. The training may include classroom and on-the-job 
instruction at a location or facility designated by Franchisor, and/or, at the election of Franchisor and 
as determined by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, may be conducted 
remotely through online web based conferencing. Following completion of the Training Program, 
Franchisee shall be responsible for the ongoing training of Franchisee’s employees, staff and all other 
employees of the Franchised Business. Said on-going training must conform to Franchisor’s standards 
and specifications. The Training Program shall be structured, configured and established by Franchisor 
from time to time. The Training Program may be structured so that it is offered and completed by 
Franchisee in various phases.   
 
(2) Franchisee or, if Franchisee is a Corporate Entity, Franchisee’s Managing Owner and Manager, at 
Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, must attend and successfully complete all refresher training courses 
or system-wide training courses, additional training programs and seminars as Franchisor periodically 
may designate or offer in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisor provides instructors 
and training materials for those programs and seminars, but Franchisor reserves the right to assess 
Franchisee reasonable charges for such training. Franchisee is responsible for all expenses Franchisee 
and Franchisee’s employee incurs in connection with attendance and participation in these programs 
and seminars, including, without limitation, the cost of transportation, lodging, meals and any salaries 
and other wages. 
 
(3) Franchisee shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by Franchisee and, those attending training on 
behalf of Franchisee, in connection with Franchisee’s participation in all Training Programs and, 
satisfaction of Franchisee’s Training Program obligations as designated by Franchisor.  
 
(4)  Subject to Franchisor’s approval and agreement, Franchisor may offer supplemental training to 
Franchisee at Franchisee’s Administrative Office or within Franchisee’s Operating Territory, or 
remotely through online web based conferencing (hereinafter referred to as “Supplemental Training”). 
