 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
13 
B. Multiple Territories 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
 
To Whom  
Payment is Made 
 
Initial Franchise Fee (Note 1) 
 
$90,650 – $203,350 
 
Lump sum 
When Franchise 
Agreement is signed 
 
Us 
Estimated Initial Investment to 
Open Single Territory  
$43,900 – $108,300 
Estimated Initial Investment is based on estimate contained 
in Table A of this Item 7 for a single Territory, less the Initial 
Franchise Fee reported in Table A. 
 
 
Total Estimate (Note 2) 
 
$134,550 – $311,650 
 
Explanatory Notes to Item 7 for Multiple Territories 
 
Note 1: Initial Franchise Fee – The Initial Franchise Fee for an operating territory comprised of a single Territory 
is $49,000. If you elect to increase the size of your operating territory by adding Additional Territories, the total 
Initial Franchise Fee will range from a low of $90,650 for a total of two Territories to $203,350 for a total of five 
Territories. 
 
Note 2: Total Estimate – This is the total estimated investment for the development of an operating territory 
comprising multiple Territories ranging from two Territories to five Territories.  
 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
You may only offer and sell the Approved Services and Products that we designate and you may only use those 
products, supplies, equipment, technology systems, and services that we authorize and designate in writing. To 
ensure that our standards and specifications of quality, service and System development are maintained, you must 
operate your Home Halo Agency in strict conformity with the Franchise Agreement and the methods, standards, 
specifications and sources of supply that we designate and prescribe in the Manuals. 
  
Source Restricted Purchases and Leases – Generally 
We require that you purchase or lease certain source restricted goods and services for the development and operation 
of your Home Halo Agency. Source restricted goods and services are goods and services that must meet our 
specifications and/or must be purchased from an approved or designated supplier. We may designate a supplier 
(which may include us or our affiliates) as the exclusive supplier for the System. Our specifications and list of 
approved and designated suppliers is contained in our Manuals. We will notify you of any changes to our 
specifications or list of approved or designated suppliers. We may notify you of these changes in various ways, 
including written or electronic correspondence, amendments and updates to our Manuals, verbal and other forms of 
communication. We formulate and modify our standards and specifications for products and services based on our 
industry experience and our management decisions as to the overall operation and expansion of the System or as 
we may otherwise designate and approve in writing. If we have previously approved a supplier, and their standards 
fall below our designated standards, we will revoke our approval. We will notify you in writing of us revoking our 
approval. 
 
Suppliers and Supplier Criteria 
We may designate ourselves and our affiliates as exclusive suppliers of source restricted goods and services. We 
