 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
27 
by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby). If a court 
requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Franchisee and Franchisor agree 
that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000. Franchisor’s remedies under this Article 6.G. are not 
exclusive of any other, but may be combined with others under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, 
including injunctive relief, specific performance and recovery of monetary damages.  
 
6.H. 
OWNERSHIP OF INNOVATIONS,  IMPROVEMENTS AND CUSTOMER 
INFORMATION 
Franchisee agrees that with regard to the Franchised Business all customer lists and their contents and 
information represent Confidential Information and constitute an asset of Franchisor whether or not such 
information was supplied by Franchisor. During the Term of this Agreement and in connection with the 
development, establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of the Franchised Business, Franchisee 
shall disclose to Franchisor all of Franchisee’s ideas, concepts, methods and products conceived or 
developed by Franchisee and Franchisee’s affiliates, Owners, agents, and employees relating to the 
development and operation of Home Halo Agencies. Franchisee hereby assigns to Franchisor and 
Franchisee agrees to procure from Franchisee’s Owners, affiliates and employees’ assignment of any such 
ideas, concepts, methods, and products that Franchisee is required to disclose to Franchisor under this 
Article 6.H. Franchisor shall have no obligation to make any lump sum or on-going payments to Franchisee 
or Franchisee’s Owners, affiliates or employees with respect to any such idea, concept, method, technique 
or product. Franchisee agrees that Franchisee will not use nor will Franchisee allow any other person or 
entity to use any such concept, method or product without obtaining Franchisor’s prior written approval.  
 
ARTICLE 7 
OPERATING STANDARDS 
 
7.A. 
OPERATING REQUIREMENTS 
At all times, Franchisee and the Franchised Business shall, as designated by Franchisor in the Operations 
Manual and/or as otherwise designated by Franchisor in writing and, as may be modified by Franchisor 
from time to time: (a) exclusively offer and sell the Approved Services and Products; (b) exclusively 
purchase and use the System Supplies; (c) maintain a complete and updated inventory and supply of System 
Supplies; (d) maintain, update, replenish and replace Franchisee’s System Supplies; (e) maintain, update, 
replenish and recondition Franchisee’s Administrative Office; and (f) maintain System Supplies in a clean 
and safe condition and in conformity with the brand standards related to the Licensed Marks and System. 
 
7.B. 
MAINTENANCE, UPDATES AND UPGRADES 
At all times, Franchisee shall update, upgrade, maintain, replenish, replace and recondition Franchisee’s 
System Supplies, and, if applicable, Franchisee’s Administrative Office as specified by Franchisor in the 
Operations Manual and/or otherwise in writing, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, and as 
modified by Franchisor from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee expressly agrees that 
the foregoing obligations relate to brand standards and specifications associated with the Licensed Marks 
and the Approved Services and Products and that, at all times, Franchisee is and shall exclusively remain 
responsible for conditions involving the safety of customers and employees in connection with the 
operations of the Franchised Business.  
 
7.C. 
DAMAGE CAUSED BY CASUALTY 
If Franchisee’s Administrative Office, and/or System Supplies is and/or are damaged or destroyed by fire 
or any other casualty, Franchisee must, as soon as practicable but in no event later than one month after 
such casualty, initiate repairs or reconstruction, and thereafter, in good faith and with due diligence, 
continue until completion of the repairs or reconstruction, to their/its original condition before casualty and 
otherwise in accordance with Franchisor’s standards and specifications.  
