 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
11 
including, 
those 
that 
are 
franchisee 
and/or 
geography 
specific, 
that 
are 
a 
part 
of 
www.homecarehubfranchising.com, or as designated by Franchisor being associated with the URL of 
www.homecarehubfranchising.com and/or Home Halo Agencies. 
 
“Technology Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.C. of this Agreement. 
 
“Term” means the period of time set forth and defined in Article 2.B. of this Agreement and the applicable 
Renewal Term, if any, if Franchisee invokes Franchisee’s renewal rights in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement. 
 
“Territory” means a geographic area, as determined and designated by Franchisor in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
“Trade Dress” means the Home Halo Agency designs, images, marketing materials, packaging, branding 
and/or branding images which Franchisor authorizes and requires Franchisee to use in connection with the 
operation of the Franchised Business and as may be revised and further developed by Franchisor from time 
to time. 
 
“Training Program” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this Agreement. 
 
“Transfer” means and shall include, without limitation, the following, whether voluntary or involuntary, 
conditional or unconditional, and/or direct or indirect: (a) an assignment, sale, gift, transfer, pledge or sub-
franchise; (b) the grant of a mortgage, charge, lien or security interest, including, without limitation, the 
grant of a collateral assignment; (c) a merger, consolidation, exchange of shares or other ownership 
interests, issuance of additional ownership interests or securities representing or potentially representing 
ownership interests, or redemption of ownership interests; (d) a sale or exchange of voting interests or 
securities convertible to voting interests, or an agreement granting the right to exercise or control the 
exercise of the voting rights of any holder of ownership interests or to control the operations or affairs of 
Franchisee; and/or (e) the legal and/or equitable transfer and/or sale of an Owner’s interests and/or voting 
rights in Franchisee. 
 
“Transfer Fee” shall mean the following: (i) for Transfers to franchisees that are current and existing Home 
Halo franchisees, the amount of $10,000; (ii) for Transfers to parties that are not current and existing System 
franchisees, the amount of $20,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Transferee was procured by 
Franchisor (and regardless of whether the Transferee is a current and existing System franchisee or is not a 
current and existing Home Halo franchisee), the Transfer Fee will be an amount that Franchisor determines, 
in Franchisor’s sole discretion, of up to the then current initial franchise fee charged to franchisees who are 
new to the System.  
 
ARTICLE 2 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
 
2.A.  
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
Franchisee has requested that Franchisor grant to Franchisee the non-exclusive license and right to develop, 
own and operate a Home Halo Agency within a specified territory. In reliance on the representations made 
by Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s Owners in any submitted application and during the application process 
and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Franchisee’s request has been approved by 
Franchisor, subject to the following terms and conditions:  
 
(1) During the Term of this Agreement and subject to the rights of Franchisor including, but not limited 
to, the Reserved Rights, Franchisor grants to Franchisee and Franchisee accepts, the non-exclusive 
