 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
24 
all travel and expenses, lodging, food, automobile rental expenses, and employee wages that you incur in connection 
with your attendance. We will not require your attendance at a System-Wide Training Program for more than a total 
of five days in any calendar year. 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY  
 
Your Location 
Under the Franchise Agreement, we will grant to you the right to develop and operate one Home Halo Agency 
within a designated operating territory (your “Operating Territory”).  
  
Grant of Territory 
The scope of your Operating Territory will vary from the scope and size of the operating territories of other 
franchisees in our System depending on local factors, market conditions, and the number of Territories that you 
purchase at the time of signing your Franchise Agreement. A Territory, generally, will consist of a geographic area 
that includes a population of approximately 250,000 people. Subject to availability, our approval, and payment of 
additional Initial Franchise Fees identified in Item 5 of this Disclosure Document, you may add Additional 
Territories. Each Additional Territory will consist of a geographic area that includes a population of approximately 
250,000 people. The population is determined in the aggregate and will be calculated based on raw data and without 
regard to demographics other than age. Your Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement and local marketing 
expenditure will increase if you add Additional Territories. 
 
Relocation 
Your right to relocate your Home Halo Agency and, thereby, your Operating Territory is not guaranteed and 
approval of a relocation request by you is completely at our discretion. We evaluate relocation requests on a case-
by-case basis and consider factors such as operational history, the location of your Operating Territory, our 
expansion plans, and other factors that, at the time of a relocation request, are relevant to us. 
 
Establishment of Additional Franchised Businesses 
You do not have the right to establish additional Home Halo Agencies. 
 
Options and Rights of First Refusal to Acquire Additional Franchises 
You are not granted any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
 
Territory Rights 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we 
own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. However, during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement, provided that you are not in default of your obligations to us or our affiliates and except as 
to our Reserved Rights set forth below, we will not open and operate and we will not grant another franchisee the 
right to open and operate a Home Halo Agency within your Operating Territory. 
 
We and our affiliates reserve to ourselves the exclusive right on any and all terms and conditions that we deem 
advisable and, without any compensation or consideration to you (Franchise Agreement, Article 2.D.), to engage in 
the following activities (our “Reserved Rights”): (a) operate and grant to others the right to develop and operate 
Home Halo Agencies using the System and Licensed Marks outside your Operating Territory, as we deem 
appropriate and irrespective of the proximity to your Operating Territory; (b) acquire, be acquired, develop, merge 
with or otherwise affiliate with one or more businesses of any kind, including businesses that offer and sell products 
and services that are the same as or similar to your Home Halo Agency, and after such acquisition, development, 
merger or affiliation, to own and operate and to franchise or license others to own and operate and to continue to 
own and operate such businesses of any kind, even if such businesses offer and sell products and services that are 
the same as or similar to the Franchised Business (but not utilizing the Licensed Marks) within your Operating 
Territory; (c) use the Licensed Marks and System to distribute the Approved Services and Products offered and sold 
