 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
2 
“Actual Opening Date” means the date upon which Franchisee first advertises, offers and/or provides 
services to the public concerning the Franchised Business.  
 
“Additional Initial Training Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Additional Territory” refers to each and every Territory, if any, over and above the first Territory, and, 
together, constituting and comprising Franchisee’s Operating Territory as specified in this Agreement. 
 
“Administrative Office” refers to and means the office and operational facilities from which Home Halo 
Agency Businesses are administratively managed and operationally coordinated.  
 
“Advertising Contributions” means any and all obligations of Franchisee to contribute to and/or pay fees 
to Franchisor or Franchisor’s affiliate or designees as set forth in this Agreement including, but not limited 
to, the Brand Development Fund Fees set forth in Article 9.A. of this Agreement and Advertising 
Cooperative contributions and contributions set forth in Article 9.C. of this Agreement. 
 
“Advertising Cooperative” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.C. of this Agreement.  
 
“Alternative Channels of Distribution” means retail and/or wholesale based sales and/or distribution 
outlets based on the world wide web, print catalogs, and mail order outlets. 
 
“Ancillary Agreements” means, individually and collectively, each and every agreement between: (a) 
Franchisor and Franchisee, but not including this Agreement; (b) Franchisor and each of Franchisee’s 
Owners, whether individually and/or collectively; and (c) Franchisor and each Spouse of Franchisee’s 
Owners, whether individually and/or collectively. Without limitation to the foregoing, the term Ancillary 
Agreements includes the Franchise Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty and the Assignment of 
Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts, as said agreements, individually and/or collectively, may 
have been entered into between the foregoing parties. 
 
“Annual Conference Attendance Fee” means an annual conference attendance fee to be paid by 
Franchisee to Franchisor in an amount determined by Franchisor in an amount not exceeding $1,000, per 
attendee per year. 
 
“Annual System Conference” means a conference that may be established and organized by Franchisor 
for the purpose of facilitating networking among Home Halo Agency franchisees, and general education. 
Franchisor shall designate and determine whether or not an Annual System Conference shall occur and, if 
one is established in any particular year, the dates, content and location of the Annual System Conference. 
The Annual System Conference shall be for a duration of not more than three consecutive days per calendar 
year. Franchisee is responsible for all costs and expenses associated with Franchisee’s travel to and 
attendance at the Annual System Conference. 
 
“Approved Services and Products” shall have the meaning defined in the “Recitals” section of this 
Agreement and shall further refer to and mean refers to and means those products and services that 
Franchisor authorizes for sale by Home Halo Agencies. Franchisor shall exclusively designate and 
determine the Approved Services and Products and Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, may change, modify, reduce or supplement the Approved Services and Products that must be 
offered and sold by the Franchised Business and those products and services that may not be sold by the 
Franchised Business. The Operations Manual, subject to changes that Franchisor may make from time to 
time and Franchisor’s right to change and modify the Approved Services and Products, shall designate the 
