 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
18 
related to the Approved Services and Products provided within the Open Area. 
 
Nothing contained in this Article 3.I. shall expand either the non-exclusive franchise rights granted to 
franchisee in Article 2 of this Agreement or, Franchisee’s Operating Territory and, in the event of any 
inconsistency or conflict between the terms of this Article 3.I. and Article 2, Article 2 shall take precedence 
and govern.  
 
3.J. 
CORPORATE ACCOUNTS 
The license and rights granted to Franchisee in this Agreement are limited to, among other things, the 
Operating Territory, the grant of franchise rights set forth in Article 2.A. of this Agreement, and the 
reservation of rights set forth in Article 2.D. of this Agreement. Subject to the following terms and 
conditions and, Franchisee’s compliance with same (hereinafter the “Corporate Account Rules”), 
Franchisee may provide Approved Services and Products on behalf of a Corporate Account location within 
Franchisee’s Operating Territory: 
Corporate Account Rules 
 
(1) Franchisee must be in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; 
 
(2) If Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, determines that Franchisee possesses 
the operational capacity and experience sufficient for performing the services on behalf of the Corporate 
Account, Franchisor shall submit to Franchisee a proposed Service Order (the “Service Order”) to 
Franchisee disclosing that portion of the Approved Services and Products designated by Franchisor to 
be performed by Franchisee, the pricing related thereto, timing requirements, and other information 
determined to be relevant by Franchisor; 
 
(3) Franchisee shall have 10 days to evaluate the Service Order and determine whether or not Franchisee 
wishes to accept same and provide, on an on-going basis as designated by the Service Order, the 
Approved Services and Products on behalf of designated Corporate Account customers; and 
 
(4) If Franchisee elects to accept the Service Order, Franchisee shall perform and comply with same. If 
Franchisee elects to reject the Service Order, Franchisee is under no obligation to perform same. If 
Franchisee fails to respond in writing within 10 days where Franchisee either accepts or rejects the 
Service Order, Franchisee shall be deemed to have rejected the Service Order. 
 
Franchisee agrees that if Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, determines that 
Franchisee does not possess the requisite capacity, skills and/or resources to provide Approved Services 
and Products in connection with the Corporate Account, that Franchisor may elect to not submit a 
Service Order to Franchisee and either Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, and/or other System 
franchisee’s may be selected to provide Approved Services and Products on behalf of a Corporate 
Account located within Franchisee’s Operating Territory. 
 
3.K. 
CONTACT CENTER AND CONTACT CENTER SERVICES 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment and sole discretion, may 
implement and require that Franchisee, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, participate in utilizing the 
Contact Center and Contact Center Services designated by Franchisor and as may be modified by 
Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee agrees that a core and critical component to all Home Halo 
Agencies and Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency relates to and includes communications with customers and 
prospective customers, the scheduling and rescheduling of customer visits, responding to customer 
complaints and other customer communications. Franchisee agrees that Franchisee shall exclusively adopt 
and utilize only those Contact Centers designated and approved by Franchisor and that Franchisee shall 
exclusively adopt and utilize only those Contact Center Services designated by Franchisor of which 
