 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
8 
franchise fee charged to franchisees who 
are new to the Home Halo System.  
 
Renewal Fee 
The greater of $7,500 or 
15% of our then current 
initial franchise fee  
 
 
Prior to renewal 
 
Payable if we approve your renewal 
request and upon signing our then current 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
Explanatory Notes to Item 6  
 
Note 1: Type of Fee – The above table describes fees and payments that you must pay to us, our affiliates, or that 
our affiliates may impose or collect on behalf of a third party. All fees are uniformly imposed for all franchises 
offered under this Disclosure Document, are recurring, are not refundable, and are payable to us, unless otherwise 
specified. Payment is subject to our specification and instruction, including, our election to have all fees 
automatically drafted from your business bank account or automatically debited or charged to your business bank 
account. You will be required to sign an ACH Authorization Form (Franchise Agreement, Exhibit 4) permitting us 
to electronically debit your designated bank account for payment of all fees payable to us and/or our affiliates. You 
must deposit the Gross Sales of your Home Halo Agency into the designated bank accounts that are subject to our 
ACH authorization. You must install and use, at your expense, the pre-authorized payment, care management, care 
management, point of sale, credit card processing, automatic payment, automated banking, electronic debit and/or 
electronic funds transfer systems that we designate and require in the operation of your Home Halo Agency. You 
must pay all service charges and fees charged to you by your bank so that we may electronically debit your bank 
account. 
 
Note 2: Royalty Fees – You must pay to us a continuing royalty fee (the “Royalty Fee”). The continuing Royalty 
Fee is a weekly fee equal to the greater of: (a) a sum equal to 5% (the “Royalty Rate”) of your weekly Gross Sales; 
or (b) the amount of your then applicable minimum weekly Royalty Fee requirement (the “Minimum Weekly 
Royalty Fee Requirement”). If you are authorized to provide Approved Services and Products to Out of Territory 
Customers in an Open Area (See, Item 12) the Royalty Rate is 10% for Gross Sales related to Out of Territory 
Customers. The Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement depends on the number of Territories located within 
and comprising your Operating Territory and your total months in operation, and is determined in accordance with 
the following schedule: 
 
Months in Operation 
Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement 
(Per Territory) 
7-12 
$144 
13-24 
$288 
25-36 
$433 
37-48 
$577 
49-60 
$721 
61-72 
$865 
73+ 
$1,010 
The Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement is not imposed during the initial six month 
period following the date you commence operations of your franchised business. 
 
Renewal Term: During any applicable renewal term, we may, in our Reasonable Business 
Judgment, increase the applicable Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement by an 
amount not exceeding 10% per annum. During any applicable renewal term, the Minimum 
Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement will not be less than the amount shown above for Months 
in Operation “73+.” 
 
