 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
business opportunity activities or the seller-purchaser-investor relationship, or involving fraud, 
including but not limited to, a violation of any business opportunity law, franchise law, securities 
law or unfair or deceptive practices law, embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, misappropriation 
of property or restraint of trade. 
 
D. Neither Company nor any person identified in Item 2 above is subject to any currently effective 
order of any national securities association or national securities exchange (as defined in the 
Securities & Exchange Act of 1934) suspending or expelling these persons from membership in 
the association or exchange. 
 
2. Item 4 “Bankruptcy,” is supplemented by the addition of the following:  
 
No entity or person listed in Items 1 and 2 of this Disclosure Document has at any time during the 
previous 10 fiscal years (a) filed for bankruptcy protection, (b) been adjudged bankrupt, (c) been 
reorganized due to insolvency, or (d) been a principal, director, executive officer or partner of any 
other person that has so filed or was adjudged or reorganized, during or within one year after the 
period that the person held a position with the other person. 
 
If the seller fails to deliver the products, equipment or supplies or fails to render the services necessary to 
begin substantial operation of the business within 45 days of the delivery date stated in your contract be 
cancelled. 
 
DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY CONNECTICUT LAW 
 
 
 
The State of Connecticut does not approve, recommend, endorse or sponsor any business opportunity. The 
information contained in this disclosure has not been verified by the state. If you have any questions about 
this investment, see an attorney before you sign a contract or agreement.  
 
 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY DISCLOSURE 
 
 
The following business opportunity disclosure is provided by Home Halo Franchising, LLC, a registered 
business in the State of Connecticut. 
 
 
Disclosure Document is dated: January 29, 2025 
 
