 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
12 
 
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstance shall the Arbitrator 
be authorized to award or declare the Licensed Marks to be generic or invalid; and 
 
(v)  
Judgment upon the arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
 
(b) 
Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue – You agree that any judicial action or legal 
proceeding must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction located within Colorado 
State and within Arapaho County or the county closest to Arapaho County. You do hereby 
irrevocably consent to and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. Without 
limitation to the foregoing and notwithstanding same, you agree that we, at our election, may 
bring any legal action or proceeding seeking a temporary restraining order, preliminary 
injunction, or any action seeking our enforcement of an arbitration award or any judicial 
decision in the federal or state court located in the county and state where you reside. 
 
(c) 
Acknowledgment as to Cross-Default – You agree that a breach of this Agreement by you 
shall constitute a material event of default under the Franchise Agreement, permitting us, among 
other things, to terminate the Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
8. 
Miscellaneous. 
(a) 
If either party hires an attorney or files suit against the other party in relating to and alleging 
a breach of this Agreement, the losing party agrees to pay the prevailing party’s reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in connection with such breach. 
 
(b)  
This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced under the laws of Colorado 
and the courts in that state shall have jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of this 
Agreement. 
 
(c)  
Any claim, defense or cause of action that you may have against us or against Franchisee, 
regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense against our enforcement of this 
Agreement. 
 
(d)  
Each section of this Agreement, including each subsection and portion thereof, is severable. 
In the event that any section, subsection or portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not 
affect the enforceability of any other section, subsection or portion; and each party to this 
Agreement agrees that the court may impose such limitations on the terms of this Agreement as it 
deems in its discretion necessary to make such terms reasonable in scope, duration and geographic 
area.  
 
(e)  
You agree that we may deliver to you any notice or other communication contemplated by 
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same address listed in the notice provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement and any such delivery shall be deemed effective for purposes of this 
Agreement. You may change the address to which notices must be sent by sending us a written 
notice requesting such change, which notice shall be delivered in the manner and to the address 
listed in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
 
