 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
43 
Article 12.C. shall be interpreted as interfering with and/or negating Franchisor’s rights and remedies as set 
forth in Article 16 and as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of Franchisor are 
cumulative and shall be interpreted as cumulative to one another. 
 
ARTICLE 13 
INSPECTION AND AUDITS 
 
13.A. FRANCHISOR’S RIGHT TO INSPECT  
Franchisor has the right at any time during business hours, and without prior notice to Franchisee, to inspect 
Franchisee’s non-residential Administrative Office and System Supplies. Franchisee shall fully cooperate 
with representatives of Franchisor making any inspection and permit such representatives of Franchisor to 
take photographs, videos, and/or recordings of the Franchised Business, operations of the Franchised 
Business, interview employees and customers of the Franchised Business, conduct secret-shopper 
inspections, and other inspections either with or without notice to Franchisee. Franchisor shall undertake 
reasonable efforts to minimize the impact of any inspection on the operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
13.B. 
FRANCHISOR’S RIGHT TO EXAMINE BOOKS AND RECORDS 
Franchisor has the right at any time during business hours, and without prior notice to Franchisee, to 
examine or audit, or cause to be examined or audited by a third party, the business records, cash control 
devices, bookkeeping and accounting records, bank statements, sales and income tax records and returns, 
and other books, statements, and records of the Franchised Business and Franchisee. Franchisee shall 
maintain complete and accurate copies all such books, statements, records and supporting documents at all 
times at Franchisee’s Administrative Office. Franchisee must fully cooperate with Franchisor, 
representatives of Franchisor, and third parties hired by Franchisor to conduct any such examination or 
audit. In the event Franchisor’s examination of Franchisee’s records reveals that Franchisee underreported 
any figure to Franchisor by more than 2%, then Franchisee shall reimburse to Franchisor, all of Franchisor’s 
costs in connection with Franchisor’s audit/examination. 
 
ARTICLE 14 
TRANSFER OF INTEREST 
 
14.A. TRANSFER BY THE FRANCHISOR 
At all times, Franchisor possesses and maintains the sole, absolute and unilateral right to Transfer and/or 
assign this Agreement, Franchisor’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, and the Ancillary 
Agreements, in whole and/or in part (for any purpose and in any form of transaction as may be designated 
and/or elected by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion) to any person, entity, Corporate Entity and/or 
third party without the consent of Franchisee and without the approval of Franchisee or any other party. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent, prohibit, restrict, hinder, enjoin or otherwise restrain 
Franchisor from selling, transferring, conveying, or assigning this Agreement and the Ancillary 
Agreements, and/or Franchisor’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary 
Agreements, to any person, entity, Corporate Entity or other third party. Franchisor has an unrestricted and 
unequivocal right to Transfer and/or assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement and the 
Ancillary Agreements, in whole or in part, in Franchisor’s sole discretion. In the event Franchisor Transfers 
and/or assigns this Agreement and/or the Ancillary Agreements, and/or any or all of Franchisor’s rights and 
obligations set forth in this Agreement and/or the Ancillary Agreements, to a person, an entity, Corporate 
Entity, or other third party, this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, shall survive, remain in full force 
and effect, and inure to the benefit of the purchaser, transferee, conveyee, and/or assignee of this Agreement 
and/or the Ancillary Agreements and/or Franchisor’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and/or 
the Ancillary Agreements.   
 
