 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
20 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, reserves the right to reject or approve of 
any request by Franchisee for Supplemental Training. If Franchisor does agree to offer and provide 
Supplemental Training, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a supplemental training fee at the rate of 
$500 per trainer per day plus, if applicable, reimbursement of travel and hotel accommodation expenses 
incurred by Franchisor (the “Supplemental Training Fee”). Franchisee agrees that in each instance 
where Franchisee hires a new Operating Manager, and/or Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment, determines that Franchisee is not satisfying and/or meeting Franchisor’s 
operational standards, then Franchisor may require that Franchisee, and/or, as applicable, Franchisee’s 
Operating Manager participate in, and successfully complete, Supplemental Training pay the 
Supplemental Training Fees designated by Franchisor. Supplemental Training Fees shall be pre-paid 
in advance of training and upon submission of invoice by Franchisor to Franchisee. 
 
(5) Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment must approve of all individuals 
attending and participating in the Training Program and all Supplemental Training programs. All 
participants in the Training Program must qualify as either an Owner or Operating Manager and, prior 
to training, among other things, must have executed the Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty 
or the Confidentiality Agreement, respectively. 
 
4.B. 
OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
From time to time and as determined by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, 
Franchisor shall advise Franchisee of those applicable standards, procedures and System requirements 
concerning the Franchised Business. Operating assistance may, as determined by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s sole discretion, consist of: 
 
(1) Establishing and communicating systems and procedures related to the development and operation 
of the Franchised Business; 
 
(2) Establishing and communicating Approved Services and Products and, as applicable and as 
determined by Franchisor, modifications, if any, to the Approved Services and Products including, but 
not limited to, additions, deletions, and/or changes to the Approved Services and Products; 
 
(3) Designating and communicating System Supplies and, as applicable and as determined by 
Franchisor, modifications, if any, to the System Supplies including, but not limited to, additions, 
deletions, and/or changes to the System Supplies; 
 
(4) Designating and communicating approved and designated suppliers of the Franchised Business and, 
as applicable and as determined by Franchisor, modifications, if any, to approved and designated 
suppliers including, but not limited to, additions, deletions, and/or changes to the approved and 
designated suppliers; 
 
(5) Establishing and communicating marketing and brand standards related to the promotion of the 
Franchised Business; 
 
(6) Approving or disapproving of Franchisee requests related to marketing materials and Digital Media 
that may be used to market the Franchised Business; and 
 
(7) Establishing and communicating System standards and requirements in the form of the Operations 
Manual and, as Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
 
4.C. 
OPERATIONS MANUAL 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with access to the Operations Manual. The Operations Manual 
