 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
5 
liability company) a controlling interest shall exist for such members and Owners that possess a percentage 
of the membership interests as (i) shall permit determination of the outcome on any issue, and (ii) shall 
prevent any other person, group, combination or entity from blocking voting control on any issue or 
exercising any veto power. 
 
“Copyrights” means all works and materials for which Franchisor or any affiliate of Franchisor has secured 
common law or registered copyright protection and Franchisor uses and/or allows franchisees to use in the 
operation of a Home Halo Agency, whether as of the Effective Date of this Agreement or any time in the 
future. 
 
“Corporate Accounts” mean local, regional, and/or national businesses or organizations that Franchisor 
solicits, negotiates with or contracts with to provide Approved Services and Products. 
 
“Corporate Entity” means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other corporate legal 
entity that is not an individual person. 
 
“Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Event” means any circumstance and/or event whereby 
Franchisee’s monthly customer satisfaction and/or approval ratings, as measured on a monthly basis by a 
reputation management and/or customer review platform designated or selected by Franchisor, fails to 
achieve an aggregate customer satisfaction and/or approval rating of not less than 4.5 stars out of 5 stars 
and/or a 90% positive satisfaction rating for any particular month.  
 
“Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Fee” means a fee payable by Franchisee in an amount equal to 
not less than $250 per month. If a Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Event(s) occurs or lasts for more 
than three consecutive months then Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, may 
increase the Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Fee to a monthly amount determined by Franchisor 
but not in excess of $750 per month. The Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Fee is payable by 
Franchisee to Franchisor on demand by Franchisor. 
 
“Customer Vouchers” means any and all gift cards, vouchers, receipts, cards and other evidence of a pre-
paid purchase transaction or goods and/or services, and whether in electronic form, printed form, card or 
otherwise, concerning a Home Halo Agency. 
 
“Digital Media” means any interactive or static digital document, listing, directory, application, 
advertisement, link, metadata, or media that is transmitted within a closed or private network, or that is 
connected to, in communication with, and/or networked with computers, applications, or other devices 
linked by communications systems, data systems, a part of the world wide web including, traditional 
websites, web based applications, distributed databases, including, blockchain, software applications, smart 
phone applications, or social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter / X, Pinterest, Instagram, 
SnapChat, TikTok, and YouTube, that refers, references, identifies, reviews, promotes and/or relates, in 
any way, to, a Home Halo Agency, the Franchised Business, the Licensed Marks, the System and/or 
Franchisor. Digital Media includes the System Website, and all other media and/or publications relating to 
the System that is displayed and/or transmitted digitally. 
 
“Direct Solicitation” means communications and/or contacts occurring through in person contact, 
telephone, mail, electronic mail, direct mail, distributed print media, Digital Media, Marketing Media, 
media distribution and/or marketing directed toward customers, potential customers or referral sources of 
the Franchised Business. 
 
“Due Date” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.B. of this Agreement.  
 
