 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
27 
 
 
 
 
99021438 
 
1B 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
There are no currently effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board 
and/or the trademark administrator in any state or any court; no pending infringement, opposition or cancellation 
proceedings; and no pending litigation involving the Licensed Marks. We know of no superior rights or infringing 
uses that could materially affect your use of the Licensed Marks or other related rights in any state.  
 
You are required to provide us with written notice of any claims that you may become aware of respecting the 
Licensed Marks, including your use of the Licensed Marks and/or any claim associated with a third party’s use of 
a trademark that is identical or confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks. We maintain the exclusive discretion to 
take any and all actions, or to refrain from any action, that we believe to be appropriate in response to any trademark 
infringement, challenge or claim. As between us, we possess the sole right to exclusively control any and all 
litigation, legal proceedings, administrative proceedings and/or settlement(s) involving any actual or alleged 
infringement, challenge or claim relating to the Licensed Marks. You must sign all documents, instruments and 
agreements and undertake the actions that we, with the advice of our legal counsel, determine to be necessary or 
advisable for the protection and/or maintenance of our interests in the Licensed Marks in any legal proceeding, 
administrative proceeding or as may be otherwise determined by us. As to the foregoing, we will reimburse you for 
the reasonable out-of-pocket administrative expenses that you incur and pay in complying with our written 
instructions. 
 
We will protect your right to use the Licensed Marks and other related rights and protect you against claims of 
infringement and unfair competition related to the Licensed Marks, provided that you use the Licensed Marks in 
accordance with the terms of your Franchise Agreement, as designated by us in the Manuals, and otherwise, as we 
instruct you. We will indemnify you against direct damages for trademark infringement in a proceeding arising out 
of your use of the Licensed Marks, provided your use of the Licensed Marks comply with the terms of your 
Franchise Agreement, the Manuals, our written instructions, and that you have timely notified us of the claim, have 
given us sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, and you are in compliance with your Franchise 
Agreement. If we defend the claim, we have no obligation to indemnify or reimburse you with respect to any fees 
or disbursements of any attorney that you retain. 
 
If any third party establishes, to our satisfaction and in our sole discretion, that its rights to the marks are, for any 
legal reason, superior to any of our rights, then we will modify and/or replace the Licensed Marks and you must 
use the variances or other service marks, trademarks or trade names required by and as determined by us. Our sole 
liability and obligation in such event is to reimburse you for the direct out-of-pocket costs of complying with this 
obligation, which you must document to our satisfaction, including, by way of example, alterations in signage and 
replacement of marketing materials. There are no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our rights 
to use or license the use of the Licensed Marks in any manner material to you. 
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
We do not own any rights to, or licenses in any patent or copyrights material to the franchise System. We may 
copyright advertising materials and design specifications, our Manuals and other written materials and items. We 
have not applied to the USPTO for the issuance of any patents.  
 
