 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
11 
Insurance Deposits –  
Three Months (Note 8) 
 
$3,600 – $8,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Insurers 
Travel for Initial Training 
(Note 9) 
$1,500 – $4,500 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Airlines, hotels, 
restaurants 
 
Professional Fees (Note 10) 
$2,000 – $5,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Attorneys, accountants, 
architects, advisors 
 
Licenses and Permits (Note 11) 
 
$100 – $10,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Government 
Additional Funds –  
Three Months (Note 12) 
 
$35,000 – $60,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Us, employees, 
suppliers, landlord 
Total Estimate (Note 13) 
$92,900 – $157,300 
 
 
Explanatory Notes to Item 7 for a Single Territory 
 
Note 1: Initial Franchise Fee – The Initial Franchise Fee is $49,000 for a Home Halo Agency operated in a single 
Territory. All fees are non-refundable. We do not finance any portion of your initial fees. 
 
Note 2: Construction and Leasehold Improvements – The Approved Services and Products may only be offered and 
provided on-site at customer homes or customer designated locations within your Operating Territory. Your Home 
Halo Agency must be managed from a facility that supports the administrative management and day-to-day 
operations of the Franchised Business, including maintaining supplies, managing employees, meeting with 
customers and conducting interviews and other employment related functions. Subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, and if we approve in writing, you may administratively operate your Home Halo Agency from a home 
based office. We reserve the right to approve your request to operate your Home Halo Agency from a home based 
office in our sole discretion.  If you operate your Home Halo Agency from an office that is not a home office, you 
may incur costs in connection with construction and leasehold improvements.   
 
Note 3: Office Lease – Your Home Halo Agency must be managed from an office that supports the administrative 
management and day-to-day operations of the Franchised Business, including maintaining supplies, managing 
employees, meeting with customers and conducting interviews and other employment related functions. Subject to 
applicable laws and regulations, and if we approve in writing, you may administratively operate your Home Halo 
Agency from a home based office. We reserve the right to approve your request to operate your Home Halo Agency 
from a home based office in our sole discretion. The low end of this estimate assumes that you will manage your 
Home Halo Agency from a home office. The high end of this estimate assumes that you will be operating your 
Home Halo Agency from an executive office or co-working suite location outside of your home, and includes three 
months of rent payments. The typical size of a Home Halo Agency office that is located in an executive office or 
co-working suite is between 150 to 500 square feet. 
 
Note 4: Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment – You will be required to purchase certain types of furniture, fixtures 
and equipment for your Home Halo Agency. The low end of this estimate assumes that you will be operating your 
Home Halo Agency from a fully furnished executive office or co-working suite. The high end of this estimate 
assumes that you will need to purchase certain furniture, fixtures and equipment, including a desk and file cabinet 
from us or our approved manufacturers and suppliers and subject to our specifications.  
 
Note 5: Initial Supplies – Your initial inventory comprised of office supplies and your on-going inventory of System 
Supplies must be purchased from us, our affiliates, or our designated suppliers. 
 
