 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
5. Item 6 “Other Fees,” is supplemented by the addition of the following statement: “The highest interest 
rate allowed by law in the State of California is 10%.” 
 
6. The following URL address is for the franchisor’s website: www.homecarehubfranchising.com. 
 
OUR WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION. ANY COMPLAINTS 
CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION AT www.dfpi.ca.gov. 
 
7.  California’s Franchise Investment Law (Corporations Code Sections 31512 and 31512.1) states that any 
provision of a franchise agreement or related document requiring the franchisee to waive specific provisions 
of the law is contrary to public policy and is void and unenforceable. The law also prohibits a franchisor 
from disclaiming or denying (i) representations it, its employees or its agents make to you, (ii) our ability 
to rely on any representations it makes to you, or (iii) any violation of the law. 
 
8.  No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Connecticut FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Home Halo  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
1. Item 3 “Litigation,” is supplemented by the addition of the following: 
 
A. Neither the Franchisor nor any person identified in Items 1 or 2 above has any administrative, 
criminal or material civil action (or a significant number of civil actions irrespective of materiality) 
pending against him alleging a violation of any franchise law, fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent 
conversion, restraint of trade, unfair or deceptive practices, business opportunity law, securities 
law, misappropriation of property or comparable allegations. 
 
B. Neither the Franchisor nor any other person identified in Items 1 or 2 above has during the 10 
year period immediately preceding the date of this Disclosure Document, been convicted of a 
felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a felony charge or been held liable in any civil action by final 
judgment, or been the subject of any material complaint or other legal proceeding where a felony, 
civil action, complaint or other legal proceeding involved violation of any franchise law, fraud, 
embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, restraint of trade, unfair or deceptive practices, business 
opportunity law, securities law, misappropriation of property or comparable allegations or which 
was brought by a present or former purchaser-investor or which involves or involved the business 
opportunity relationship. 
 
C. Neither the Franchisor nor any person identified in Items 1 or 2 above is subject to any currently 
effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to the franchise, or under any federal, 
state or Canadian franchise, securities, business opportunity, antitrust, trade regulation or trade 
practice law as a result of concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency, 
or is a party to a proceeding currently pending in which an order is sought, relating to or affecting 
