 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
7 
consideration (whether or not payment is received at the time of the sale), from or derived by Franchisee or 
any other person or Corporate Entity from business conducted or which started in, on, from or through the 
Franchised Business and/or Operating Territory, whether such business is/was conducted in compliance 
with or in violation of the terms of this Agreement. Supplementing the foregoing, Gross Sales further 
includes the total gross amount of revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever source derived from and/or 
derived by Franchisee (including any person and/or Corporate Entity acting on behalf of Franchisee) from 
business conducted within and/or outside the Operating Territory that is related to the Franchised Business 
and/or a Competitive Business located and/or operated within the Operating Territory, outside the 
Operating Territory, and/or otherwise (the foregoing does not constitute approval for Franchisee’s operation 
of a Competitive Business and/or the operation of a Home Halo Agency outside of the Operating Territory). 
Gross Sales do not include sales or use taxes collected by Franchisee and authorized promotional discounts 
that Franchisee provides to customers. 
 
“Home Halo Agency(ies)” means any business or businesses owned and/or operated by Franchisor, 
Franchisor’s affiliates or an authorized franchisee that utilizes or is required to utilize the System and 
Licensed Marks. 
 
“Immediate Family Member” means the spouse of a person and any other member of the household of 
such person, including, without limitation, children, and grandchildren of such person. Immediate Family 
Member shall further refer to and mean the spouse, children, grandchildren, and other members of the 
household of each Franchisee, if Franchisee is an individual, or each Owner of Franchisee if Franchisee is 
a Corporate Entity.  
 
“IP Claim” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 11.E. of this Agreement. 
 
“Know-How” means all of Franchisor’s trade secrets and proprietary information relating to the 
development, establishment, marketing, promotion and/or operation of a Home Halo Agency including, but 
not limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, policies, marketing strategies and 
information reflected in, comprising or constituting a part of the System. Without limitation to the 
foregoing, Know-How shall further include information contained in the Operations Manual and the 
Confidential Information.  
 
“Licensed Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, emblems and indicia of origin, including the 
“Home Halo” trademark, Home Halo logo, Trade Dress, and other trade names, service marks, trademarks, 
logos, slogans and designs authorized by Franchisor in connection with the identification of Home Halo 
Agencies and the Approved Services and Products, provided that such trade names, trademarks, service 
marks, logos and designs are subject to modification, replacement and discontinuance by Franchisor in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
“Managers” means the Managing Owners plus all assistant managers of the Franchised Business and all 
other employees, independent contractors, consultants, directors and board members who may possess 
access to the Confidential Information. 
 
“Managing Owner” means, if Franchisee is a partnership or corporation, the owner responsible for the 
day-to-day oversight, management and operation of the Franchised Business. Said individual must possess 
and maintain an ownership and/or equity interest in the Franchise such that said individual owns, holds and 
controls no less than 25% of the equity and ownership interests in the Franchisee. The Managing Owner, 
at all times, must participate (on a full time basis) in the day-to-day operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
“Marketing Media” means all communications, whether written, oral, digital, or otherwise utilized for 
and/or designed for the purpose of marketing, advertising and/or promoting the Franchised Business 
