 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
4 
policies and safeguards, designate a privacy and security officer, inform individuals how their health information is 
used and disclosed, provide access to health information, and give notice of certain breaches of protected data. In 
addition, if you engage a third party to perform functions that require access to patients’ personal information, you 
are required to execute a business associate agreement.  
 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
Daniel Deak, Chief Executive Officer 
Daniel Deak is our Founder and CEO and has served in this role since our formation on March 14, 2024. From 
December 2021 to the present, Daniel has served as the President of our affiliate Homecare Hub of Iowa, LLC in 
Urbandale, Iowa. From December 2021 to the present, Daniel has served as the President of our affiliate Homecare 
Hub of New Mexico, LLC in Albuquerque, New Mexico. From October 2021 to the present, Daniel has served as 
the President of our affiliate Homecare Hub of Wisconsin, LLC in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin.  From March 2024 to 
the present, Daniel has served as the President of our affiliate Homecare Hub of Colorado, LLC in Greenwood 
Village, Colorado. From September 2019 to October 2022, Daniel served as Business Development Director – 
Emerging Markets, Launch Director, Director of Training of FirstLight Home Care Franchising in Cincinnati, Ohio.   
 
ITEM 3  
LITIGATION 
 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
 
When you sign a Franchise Agreement you must pay to us a non-refundable initial franchise fee (the “Initial 
Franchise Fee”). The Initial Franchise Fee is $49,000 for a geographic area that operates as a single territory with a 
population of approximately 250,000 people (each a “Territory”). The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by us 
upon payment. The method we use to calculate the Initial Franchise Fee is uniform for all franchises that we offer 
under this Disclosure Document, except, as described below.  
 
Veteran’s Discount 
For qualified individuals who were honorably discharged from any branch of the United States Military we offer a 
10% discount off of the Initial Franchise Fee for your first Franchise Agreement for your first territory. This discount 
must be requested at the time of your initial franchise application and requires documented military service. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
