 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
29 
right to change the products and services offered by Franchised Business. You are not limited to whom you may 
sell your products and services, provided you do so exclusively from within your Operating Territory and to/on 
behalf of customers that are located within your Operating Territory and in compliance with the standards we have 
determined for the System. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.  
 
 
Provision 
Article in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
Summary 
a. Length of the franchise term 
2.B. 
The term of your Franchise Agreement is 10 years. 
 
b. Renewal or extension of the term 
15 
If you meet our conditions for renewal, you may renew your 
franchise for one additional 10 year renewal term. 
 
c. Requirements for franchisee to renew o
extend 
15 
To renew your franchise, you must be in compliance with the 
terms of your Franchise Agreement, provide us with 180 days 
prior written notice of your request to renew, sign our then current 
form of Franchise Agreement and related agreements for the 
renewal term, sign a general release in our favor, pay a renewal 
fee, and meet all other renewal requirements contained in the 
Franchise Agreement. Your Owners must be in compliance with 
their agreements with us, including the Owner and Spouse 
Agreement, and Guaranty, and they must personally guarantee 
the terms of your renewal Franchise Agreement, which may 
contain terms materially different from your current Franchise 
Agreement.  
 
d. Termination by franchisee 
16.B. 
You may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you are in 
compliance with its terms, we are in material breach of the 
Franchise Agreement, and we fail to cure the material breach 
within 30 days of receiving written notice or, if the breach cannot 
be cured within 30 days, such period of time that is reasonable to 
cure the material breach. 
 
e. Termination by franchisor  
without cause 
Not 
applicable 
 
Not applicable. 
 
f. 
Termination by franchisor with “cause 16.A. 
 
We can terminate if you are in default of the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
g. “Cause” defined-curable defaults 
16.A.(3), 
16.A.(4) 
You have 10 days to cure a default where you fail to pay any fees 
and/or obligations due to us and/or to an affiliate of ours or if you 
fail to pay a supplier without, as determined by us, a legal 
justification, provided that the foregoing defaults were not 
intentionally and knowingly in violation of the Franchise 
Agreement. You will have 30 days to cure a default where you 
