 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
26 
using trademarks different from the ones you will use under the Franchise Agreement. We do not pay any 
compensation to you for soliciting or accepting orders from inside your territory. 
 
Competition by Us Under Different Trademarks 
We do not have plans to operate or franchise a business under trademarks different from the Licensed Marks that 
sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that will be offered by you through the Franchised Business.  
 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
 
Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you will be granted a license to use the “Home Halo” trademark and 
those other marks identified in the table below in connection with the operations of the Franchised Business. Our 
affiliate Homecare Hub IP, LLC is the owner of the Licensed Marks and has granted to us a license with an initial 
20 year term and with automatic renewal thereafter to use the Licensed Marks and to license our franchisees to use 
the Licensed Marks (the “License Agreement”). Although the License Agreement may be terminated as a result of 
a breach of the License Agreement, in the event of any termination of the License Agreement, our franchisees will 
continue to maintain the right to use the Marks pursuant to the terms of their Franchise Agreement. Termination of 
the License Agreement does not terminate use of the Marks by our authorized franchisees. We reserve the right to 
supplement and modify the marks that you may or may not use in connection with the operations of your Home 
Halo Agency. You may only use the Licensed Marks as authorized by us in writing and under the terms of your 
Franchise Agreement. You may not use the Licensed Marks in the name of any Corporate Entity that you establish. 
 
Principal Trademarks Not Registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
The following principal trademarks identified in the schedule below are a part of the Licensed Marks, our System, 
and will be used by you in the operations of the Franchised Business but are not registered with the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”). As to each of these principal trademarks:  
 
We do not have a federal registration for each of these principal trademarks. Therefore, the trademarks identified 
below do not have many legal benefits and rights that are afforded to federally registered trademarks. If our right to 
use the trademarks (identified below) is challenged, you may have to change to an alternative trademark, which 
may increase your expenses.   
 
Mark 
Serial Number for 
Registration 
Application Filed 
with USPTO 
Application 
Application Type 
Application Date 
 
 
 
 
98273019 
 
 
 
1B 
 
 
 
November 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
98631620 
 
 
 
1B 
 
 
July 3, 2024 
