 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
8 
 
Franchisee or while your Spouse is an Owner of Franchisee (as applicable) that you will not engage 
in any Prohibited Activities. You agree that this restriction is fair and reasonable and that if you did 
engage in a Prohibited Activity that such actions would constitute acts of unfair competition and 
will irreparably harm the System and us.  
 
(c) 
Non-Competition After Franchise Relationship. You represent, acknowledge and agree 
that during the Restricted Period you will not engage in any Prohibited Activities; provided, 
however, that the Prohibited Activity relating to having an interest in a Competitive Business will 
only apply with respect to a Competitive Business that is located within or provides competitive 
goods or services to customers/clients who are located within the Restricted Territory. If you 
engage in any Prohibited Activities during the Restricted Period, then you agree that your Restricted 
Period will be extended by the period of time during which you were engaging in the prohibited 
activity (any such extension of time will not be construed as a waiver of your breach or otherwise 
impair any of our rights or remedies relating to your breach). You agree that this restriction is fair 
and reasonable and that if you did engage in a Prohibited Activity that such actions would constitute 
acts of unfair competition and will irreparably harm us and the System.  
 
(d)  
Confidentiality Restrictions. You represent, acknowledge and agree that, at all times you: 
(i) shall not use the Confidential Information in any business or capacity other than the Franchised 
Business; (ii)  shall maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (iii) shall not make 
unauthorized copies of documents containing any Confidential Information; (iv) shall take such 
reasonable steps as we may ask of you and/or Franchisee from time to time to prevent unauthorized 
use or disclosure of the Confidential Information; (v) shall immediately and permanently stop using 
the Confidential Information upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement; (vi) 
shall immediately and permanently stop using the Confidential Information if you are no longer an 
Owner of Franchisee and/or the Spouse of an Owner; (vii) shall immediately and permanently stop 
using the Confidential Information upon Franchisee’s Transfer of the Franchise Agreement; and 
(viii) shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party except in a legal proceeding 
pursuant to an order of a court of competent jurisdiction and after affording us no less than 15 
business days prior notice and an opportunity for us, at our election, to appear in such action. 
 
(e) 
Immediate Family Members. You acknowledge that should you circumvent the purpose 
and protections (due to us) of this Agreement by disclosing Know-How to an immediate family 
member (i.e., parent, sibling, child, or grandchild) we will and the System will be irreparably 
harmed. You acknowledge that if you did disclose the Know-How to an immediate family member 
and your immediate family member used the Know-How to engage in activities that, for you, 
qualify as Prohibited Activities as defined above, that we and the System will be irreparably 
harmed. You agree that as between you and us that you are in a better position to know if you 
permitted and/or provide an immediate family member with access to the Know-How. Therefore, 
you agree that you will be presumed to have violated the terms of this Agreement if any member 
of your immediate family (i) engages in any Prohibited Activities during any period of time during 
which you are prohibited from engaging in the Prohibited Activities or (ii) uses or discloses the 
Know-How. However, you may rebut this presumption by providing evidence conclusively 
demonstrating that you did not disclose the Know-How nor permit disclosure of the Know-How to 
the family member. 
 
(f) 
Reasonableness of Covenants and Restrictions. You agree that: (i) the terms of this 
Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient 
resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying 
with the terms of this Agreement. You waive any right to challenge the terms of this Agreement 
as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. Although you and we both 
