 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
1 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
Home Halo Franchising, LLC, the franchisor of the Franchised Business, is referred to in this disclosure document 
(the “Disclosure Document”) as “we”, “us” or “our” as the context requires. A franchisee is referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as “you” and “your” as the context requires. If you are a limited liability company, partnership 
or other legal entity (a “Corporate Entity”), our Franchise Agreement will also apply to your individual owners, 
shareholders, members, officers, directors, other principals, and their respective spouses. 
 
The Franchisor 
We are a Delaware limited liability company established on March 14, 2024. Our principal business address is 8400 
E. Prentice Avenue, Suite 1500, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111. We conduct business under our corporate 
name, Home Halo Franchising, LLC and Home Halo. Our business is operating Home Halo franchise system and 
granting franchises to third parties like you to develop and operate a Franchised Business. We began offering 
franchises as of April 16, 2024. Other than as discussed above, we are not in any other business, we have not 
conducted business in any other line of business, we do not conduct or operate a Franchised Business of the type to 
be operated by a franchisee, and we have not offered or sold franchises in any other line of business. We do not 
have any predecessors. Our registered agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit B of this Disclosure 
Document. 
 
The Franchised Business 
We license a system (the “System”) for the operation of a Home Halo business (each, a “Franchised Business” or 
“Home Halo Agency”), a non-medical at-home care business that provides seniors and veterans with daily living 
assistance and at-home care, and related services and products (the “Approved Services and Products”). The System 
also features and requires, as designated by us, your exclusive use of products, supplies, equipment, and materials 
that we designate (the “System Supplies”). The System is identified by the Home Halo trademark and such other 
trademarks, logos, and trade-dress that we may designate, modify or adopt from time to time and as same may or 
may not be registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (collectively, the “Licensed Marks”). 
You must develop and operate your Home Halo Agency in conformity with the specifications, procedures, criteria, 
and requirements that we designate in our confidential operations manual and other proprietary manuals that we 
designate and as we may supplement and modify from time to time (collectively, the “Manuals”). From time to 
time, we may modify, add to or discontinue our designated Approved Services and Products, System Supplies, 
and/or our specifications, methods and procedures for the service, marketing and sale of Approved Services and 
Products. You may only offer and provide the Approved Services and Products on-site at customer locations within 
your designated operating territory. 
 
Your Home Halo Agency must be managed from a facility that supports the administrative management and day-
to-day operations of the Franchised Business, including maintaining supplies, managing employees, meeting with 
customers and conducting interviews and other employment related functions. Subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, and if we approve in writing, you may administratively operate your Home Halo Agency from a home 
based office. We reserve the right to approve your request to operate your Home Halo Agency from a home based 
office in our sole discretion. 
 
Franchise Agreement 
You may enter into a Franchise Agreement in the form attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit E to develop 
and operate a Home Halo Agency within an operating territory in conformity with the requirements of our System. 
At the time of signing the Franchise Agreement we will designate a geographic area comprising your operating 
territory. Your right to use the System will be limited to offering and providing our Approved Services and Products 
within your operating territory using only our System Supplies, the Licensed Marks and the specifications and 
requirements set forth in our Manuals and as otherwise constituting a part of our System. 
 
 
