 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
31 
this Article 7.H. with Franchisor’s standards and/or specifications as contained in this Agreement, in the 
Operations Manual, and/or as otherwise designated by Franchisor from time to time, Franchisee shall 
immediately notify Franchisor in writing of such discrepancy. In the event of any conflict or ambiguity, 
Franchisor’s determination and/or resolution made by Franchisor, in writing, and, specifically with regard 
to the presented conflict or ambiguity, shall be determinative as between Franchisor and Franchisee and the 
operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
7.I. 
MANAGEMENT OF THE FRANCHISED BUSINESS 
 
(1) Franchisee agrees that, at all times, that the development and operation of the Franchised Business 
shall be managed, operated, and maintained under the active, continuing management, substantial 
personal involvement and hands-on supervision, of Franchisee’s Managing Owner. The Managing 
Owner must at all times be actively involved in the operation of the Franchised Business unless 
Franchisee delegates management functions to an authorized Operating Manager who, among other 
things, satisfactorily completes Franchisor’s Training Program, and otherwise meets the criteria and 
conditions for qualification as an Operating Manager as designated and determined by Franchisor from 
time to time. If the Operating Manager is a family member of Franchisee and/or an Owner then the 
Operating Manager shall also sign and agree to be bound by the terms of the Franchise Owner and 
Spouse Agreement and Guaranty. 
 
(2) Franchisee must, at all times, faithfully, honestly and diligently perform its obligations hereunder, 
and continuously exert its best efforts to promote and enhance the business of the Franchised Business 
and the goodwill of the Licensed Marks and the System.  
 
(3) If, at any time, the Franchised Business is not being managed by a Managing Owner or Operating 
Manager who satisfactorily completed the Training Program, Franchisor is authorized, but is not 
required, to immediately appoint a manager to maintain the operations of the Franchised Business for 
and on behalf of Franchisee. Franchisor’s appointment of a manager of the Franchised Business does 
not relieve Franchisee of its obligations or constitute a waiver of Franchisor’s right to terminate the 
Franchise pursuant to Article 16. Franchisor is not liable for any debts, losses, costs or expenses 
incurred in the operations of the Franchised Business or to any creditor of Franchisee for any products, 
materials, supplies or services purchased by the Franchised Business while it is managed by 
Franchisor’s appointed manager.  
 
(4) Franchisee shall, at all times, maintain sufficient working capital to fulfill its obligations under this 
Agreement. 
 
7.J. 
REMEDIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE WITH OPERATIONAL STANDARDS 
In addition to all other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, in connection with any, each, 
and every violation of any term, provision, and/or operational requirement as set forth in this Article 7 (an 
“Operations Violation”), within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an 
operations non-compliance fee (the “Operations Non-Compliance Fee”) in the amount of: (a) $1,000 for 
each and every instance/event related to an Operations Violation involving the sale of services and/or 
products that are not Approved Services and Products; (b) $1,000 for each and every instance/event related 
to an Operations Violation involving the failure to exclusively use System Supplies, and/or Franchisor 
designated suppliers; and (c) $450  for all other Operations Violation. Additionally, in each of the foregoing 
instances, within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all costs and expenses 
incurred by Franchisor in connection with any inspections, audits, and/or re-inspections directed and/or 
undertaken by Franchisor for the purpose, as determined by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, of determining whether or not Franchisee’s Operations Violation has been cured in accordance 
with Franchisor’s standards and specifications. The foregoing does not constitute Franchisor’s consent to 
