HOME HALO FRANCHISING, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 
Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 
We measure and disclose certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. ASC Topic 820, Fair Value 
Measurements and Disclosures, defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in 
an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a 
fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of 
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to 
measure fair value: 
Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; 
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by 
observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair 
value of the assets or liabilities. 
We utilize the active market approach to measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities. We report 
separately each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and include 
assets and liabilities that are disclosed but not recorded at fair value in the fair value hierarchy. 
Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
The Company’s management has evaluated recently issued accounting pronouncements through the date of this 
report and concluded that they will not have a material effect on the financial statements as of December 
31, 2024.
In February 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard on leases. The new standard, among other changes, 
will require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases. The 
lease liability will be measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. The right-of-use 
asset will be measured at the lease liability amount, adjusted for lease prepayments, lease incentives received and 
the lessee’s initial direct costs (e.g., commissions). The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. 
The adoption will require a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the 
beginning of the earliest period presented. Effective March 31, 2024, the Company adopted the new 
lease standard. At December 31, 2024 the Company had no lease agreements in place.
The Company does not believe that any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if 
adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying  financial statements. 
NOTE 3 – INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE REVENUE 
Deferred revenue represents initial franchise sales for which substantially all the services to be provided by the 
Company have not yet been performed. These revenues are fully recognized when Franchisees open their 
doors for business. The amounts deferred as of December 31, 2024 was $0, respectively.
NOTE 4 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through January 27, 2025, the date which the financial 
statements were available to be issued and nothing has occurred that would require disclosure. 
9 
