 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
2 
 
1.  Recitals and Representations.  
 
You agree that the foregoing Recitals and Representations are true and accurate and constitute a material 
part of this Agreement and are hereby incorporated into the main body of this Agreement. 
 
2.  Definitions.   
 
Supplementing the terms and definitions contained in the Recitals and Representations: 
 
“Administrative Office” refers to and means the office and operational facilities from which Home 
Halo Agency Businesses are administratively managed and operationally coordinated.  
 
“Approved Services and Products” shall have the meaning defined in the Recitals and Representations 
section of this Agreement and shall further refer to and mean those products and services that we 
authorize for sale by Home Halo Agencies. We shall exclusively designate and determine the Approved 
Services and Products and we, in our Reasonable Business Judgment, may change, modify, reduce or 
supplement the Approved Services and Products that must be offered and sold by the Franchised 
Business and those products and services that may not be sold by the Franchised Business. The 
Franchised Business may only offer and sell the Approved Services and Products. 
 
“Business Management System” means the software, internet, web based and/or cloud based system 
or systems, care management system, point of sale system or systems and customer relationship 
management system or systems as same may be individually or collectively designated by us, in our 
Reasonable Business Judgment, as being required for use by the Franchised Business, including, but not 
limited to, the day-to-day sales, ordering, operations and management of the Franchised Business. We 
reserve the right to modify and designate alternative Business Management Systems as we determine in 
our Reasonable Business Judgment. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Business Management 
System may include: (a) multiple care management/point of sale systems installed and maintained on-
site at the Administrative Office; (b) portable tablet and/or computer systems utilized on-site when 
providing services to customers of the Franchised Business; (c) web based, private server based, network 
based and/or cloud based customer ordering systems, processing systems, production systems and/or 
service delivery systems; and (d) customer membership and rewards systems.  
 
“Business Management System Data” means the forms, data, tools, customer information, inventory 
and sales information that: (a) is pre-populated or entered into the Business Management System utilized 
by Franchisee; (b) is entered (whether by us or Franchisee) into the Business Management System 
utilized by Franchisee; and/or (c) is recorded, stored and/or maintained by the Business Management 
System in connection with the management and operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
“Competitive Business” means any business that (i) is the same as or similar to a Home Halo Agency; 
and/or (ii) is a non-medical at-home care agency and/or business offering and or providing seniors and/or 
veterans with daily living assistance services and/or hands-on care including, but not limited to, bathing, 
dressing, grooming, ambulation, transfer, feeding assistance, medication reminders, meal preparation, 
companionship, errand assistance, and light housekeeping; and/or (iii) a home healthcare agency and/or 
business offering and/or providing seniors and/or veterans with skilled care services including, but not 
limited to, nursing, therapy and/or social worker services.  
 
“Confidential Information” means all of our and/or our affiliates’ trade secrets, methods, standards, 
techniques, procedures, data and information, as same may exist as of the Effective Date of the Franchise 
Agreement and as same may be developed, modified and supplemented in the future, constituting and 
comprising: (a) methods, specifications, standards, policies, procedures, information, concepts, 
