 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
19 
Time to Open 
You may not open your Home Halo Agency until you have completed our initial training requirements, obtained 
the necessary licensing and authorization from state and regulatory agencies within your Operating Territory and 
have obtained and provided us with written proof of the required insurance, and have timely secured an 
Administrative Office location that we approved. Within 120 days from the signing of your Franchise Agreement 
you must open and offer services and products of your Home Halo Agency to the customers within your Operating 
Territory. We estimate that the length of time between the signing of your Franchise Agreement and opening your 
Home Halo Agency to be one to four months. Factors that may affect this estimated time period include the length 
of time undertaken by you to satisfactorily complete our initial training program, obtaining third party lender 
financing, securing an Administrative Office, if necessary, obtaining the necessary licenses, and training staff. 
 
Post-Opening Obligations  
 
1. Communication of Operating Standards – We may establish, update and provide you with consultations and 
communications as to the standards, procedures and System requirements as to the operation of your Home Halo 
Agency including, but not limited to, Approved Services and Products, System Supplies, marketing and promotion 
standards, and as we may, in our discretion, designate, modify, supplement and amend from time to time and, as 
set forth in the Manuals. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4.B. and 4.C.); 
 
2. Marketing Standards and Approval – We will establish, update and communicate to you our standards for the 
marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business including, but not limited to, the marketing media that you 
may use. We will respond to your request respecting the communication of our approval or disapproval of marketing 
media that may be requested by you for use in the marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business. We maintain 
full discretion as to the marketing standards and the marketing media that may be used in the marketing and 
promotion of your Home Halo Agency (Franchise Agreement, Article 4.B.); 
 
3. Approved Vendors – We will provide the names and addresses of approved vendors and suppliers for the 
Approved Services and Products and the System Supplies. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4.B. and 4.C.);  
 
4. Annual System Conference – We may, in our discretion, coordinate an annual conference to be attended by 
franchisees of the System that are in good standing. (Franchise Agreement, Article 5.E.); 
 
5. Supplemental Training – We may require that you and your Operating Manager participate in supplemental on-
site training that we may designate and require in our discretion. If you are not meeting what we believe to be 
System performance standards, we may provide, in our discretion, supplemental training on-site within your 
Operating Territory. You will be required to pay our then current supplemental training fee, which is currently $500 
per on-site trainer per day, plus travel expenses, meals and accommodation expenses incurred by us. (Franchise 
Agreement, Article 4.A.); 
 
6. Initial Training for Replacement Operating Managers – Your Operating Manager must complete, to our 
satisfaction, our initial training program. We will offer and make available to your replacement Operating Manager 
our initial training program which must be completed to our satisfaction. The initial training program will be 
provided by us at the facilities that we designate that, presently, is comprised of our affiliate owned Home Halo 
Agency located in Greenwood Village, Colorado and at the certified training Home Halo Agency that we may 
designate in the future. You will be required to pay our then current supplemental training fee for replacement 
Operating Managers, which is currently $500 per manager for each replacement manager attending our initial 
training. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4 and 7.I.); 
 
7. Administration of Marketing Funds – We may administer and manage System-wide marketing funds comprised 
of a Brand Development Fund and/or Advertising Cooperative. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9); 
 
