 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
14 
may designate ourselves or a third party as exclusive supplier irrespective of the existence of competing suppliers. 
If, in the Manuals, we do not designate a supplier for a particular item, you will purchase all such products, supplies 
and services from suppliers who meet our specifications and standards. Currently, we are not and our affiliates are 
not approved suppliers of the source restricted goods and services identified below. Currently no officer of ours 
owns an interest in any of our designated suppliers. If we have previously approved a supplier, and their standards 
fall below our designated standards, we will revoke our approval. We will notify you in writing of us revoking our 
approval. 
 
If you want to purchase or lease a source restricted item from a supplier that has not been previously approved or 
designated by us in writing, you must send us a written request for approval and submit additional information that 
we may request. We may charge you a supplier review and testing fee and we may request that you send us samples 
from the supplier for testing and documentation from the supplier for evaluation. We may also require, subject to 
our discretion, that we be allowed to inspect the supplier’s facilities. We will notify you of our approval or 
disapproval within a reasonable time, not to exceed 60 days, after we receive your written request for approval and 
all additional information and samples that we may request. We may, in our discretion, withhold our approval. 
When evaluating the approval of a particular supplier, among other things, we consider: whether the supplier can 
demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet our standards, specifications and production 
requirements, the supplier’s quality control, whether or not we are the exclusive supplier of the particular item, 
whether or not our affiliate or affiliates are the exclusive supplier of the particular item, and whether or not the 
supplier’s approval, in our sole determination, will allow us to advance the overall interests of the System.  
  
We estimate that your purchase of goods and services from suppliers according to our specifications, including your 
purchase of goods or services from our designated exclusive suppliers to represent approximately 5% of your total 
purchases and leases in establishing the Franchised Business and approximately 5% of the on-going operating 
expenses of the Franchised Business. We currently require that you purchase or lease the following source restricted 
goods and services from either us or our designated supplier: 
 
1. System Supplies – You must maintain an initial and ongoing inventory of System Supplies. You must purchase 
the System Supplies, as designated by us, from us, our affiliates, and/or our designated suppliers. 
 
2. Branded Items and Marketing Materials – All materials bearing the Licensed Marks including, but not limited 
to, stationary, business cards, brochures, apparel, signs and displays, must meet our standards and specifications 
and must be purchased from us directly or our designated suppliers. All of your marketing materials must comply 
with our standards and specifications and must be approved by us before you use them. You may market your 
Home Halo Agency through approved digital media and social media platforms provided that you do so in 
accordance with our digital media and social media policies. You must purchase all branded marketing materials 
from either us or our designated exclusive supplier. We may require that you exclusively use, at your cost, our 
designated supplier for social and digital media marketing services and exclusively use, at your cost, our social 
media platforms, vendors and marketing channels. 
 
3. Business Management System and Computer Equipment – Currently you are required to purchase, license and 
utilize the care management system that we designated as part of our Business Management System, with one 
desktop or laptop computer for each staff member at your Home Halo Agency. You must purchase and maintain 
a computer system at your Administrative Office. In general, you will be required to obtain a computer system 
that will consist of certain hardware, software, and peripheral devices such as printers. You will be required to 
meet our requirements involving back office and care management/point of sale systems, security systems, 
printers, back-up systems, and high-speed internet access. 
 
4. Computer System – You must purchase and maintain one desktop computer system or laptop computer for 
each staff member of your Home Halo Agency at your Administrative Office. In general, you will be required to 
obtain a computer system that will consist of certain hardware, software, and peripheral devices such as printers. 
You will be required to meet our requirements involving back office and point of sale/care management systems, 
