 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
15 
extend any deadline or requirement set forth in this Agreement.  
 
No provision of this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to impose an obligation on Franchisor to 
locate an Administrative Office for the Franchised Business, to assist Franchisee in the selection of a 
suitable Administrative Office, or to provide assistance to the Franchisee in the purchase or lease of an 
Administrative Office.  
 
3.D. 
FURNITURE, FIXTURES, EQUIPMENT AND SIGNS 
Except as to an office operated from the personal residence of Franchisee or Franchisee’s Owner, 
Franchisee agrees to use in the construction and operation of Franchisee’s Administrative Office only those 
types of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture, and signs that Franchisor has 
approved or designated in the Operations Manual for Franchised Business as meeting Franchisor’s 
specifications and standards for appearance, function and performance. Franchisee shall purchase approved 
or designated types of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture and signs 
including, but not limited to, System Supplies, only from suppliers approved or designated by Franchisor 
from time to time in writing and/or in the Operations Manual. 
 
3.E. 
SYSTEM SUPPLIES 
Franchisee shall exclusively purchase and use the System Supplies in the operations of the Franchised 
Business. Franchisee shall exclusively purchase the System Supplies from the supplier and/or suppliers and 
vendor and/or vendors designated by Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee agrees that control over the 
nature, quality, branding and source of the System Supplies is critical to the System and that irrespective of 
the availability of substitute products, supplies, equipment and/or sources of supply, Franchisee shall only 
purchase and use the System Supplies as designated by Franchisor and only from those suppliers designated 
and approved by Franchisor. Franchisee agrees that in many instances Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s 
affiliates may be and/or may become the sole and exclusive supplier of the System Supplies. 
 
3.F. 
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
Franchisee shall exclusively use the Business Management System or systems designated by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, and as may be modified, supplemented or replaced by 
Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee shall purchase, license and maintain such Business Management 
System and/or systems from Franchisor and/or such third party suppliers designated by Franchisor. 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, may require that Franchisee’s license, and use 
of the Business Management System occur through accounts registered to Franchisor, controlled by 
Franchisor, or licensed through Franchisor. Franchisee shall provide and grant Franchisor with unlimited 
and uninterrupted direct internet based and/or remote access to the Business Management Systems of the 
Franchised Business. Franchisee shall pay and be responsible for all fees associated with the Business 
Management Systems including, but not limited to, initial and on-going license fees. Supplementing and, 
without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee agrees that: 
 
(1) The Business Management System will contain proprietary and Confidential Information owned by 
Franchisor and related to the System; 
 
(2) The Business Management System shall be exclusively used by Franchisee in the operations of the 
Franchised Business, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and the standards and 
specifications set forth by Franchisor in the Operations Manual; 
 
(3) As between Franchisee and Franchisor, Franchisor is and shall be the exclusive owner of the 
Business Management System Data, except that Franchisee shall store and maintain such data in 
accordance with all applicable local, state and federal privacy, data collection and solicitation laws. 
