 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
40 
our most recently completed fiscal year or who has not communicated with us within 10 weeks of the Issuance Date 
of this Disclosure Document.  
 
 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 
Attached as Exhibit D are our audited financial statements through 2024. We were established on March 14, 2024 
and our fiscal year ends on December 31. Because we have not been franchising for three years or more, we do not 
have three years of audited financial statements. 
 
ITEM 22 
CONTRACTS 
 
Attached to this Disclosure Document or to the Exhibits attached to and comprising the Franchise Agreement 
attached to this Disclosure Document are copies of the following franchise and other contracts and agreements in 
use or proposed for use: 
 
Exhibits to this Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit E 
Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit H 
State Specific Addenda 
 
Schedules and Exhibits to the Franchise Agreement  
 
Schedule 1 Operating Territory and Operations 
Center Acknowledgment 
Exhibit 1 Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty 
Exhibit 2 Confidentiality Agreement 
Schedule 2 Franchise Fee Acknowledgement 
Schedule 3 Statement of Franchisee’s Owners 
Exhibit 3 Assignment of Telephone Numbers and 
Digital Media Accounts 
 
Exhibit 4 ACH Authorization Form  
Exhibit 5 General Release 
 
 
 
Individual state law may supersede the provisions contained in your Franchise Agreement respecting the 
requirement that you execute a general release as a condition to assignment, sale or transfer. See, the state specific 
addendums contained in Exhibit H of this Disclosure Document and the state specific addendums attached to the 
Franchise Agreement and forming a part of Exhibit E. 
 
ITEM 23 
RECEIPTS 
 
Two copies of a detachable receipt in Exhibit J are located at the very end of this Disclosure Document. Please sign 
one copy of the receipt and return it to us at the following address: Daniel Deak, Home Halo Franchising, LLC, 
8400 E. Prentice Avenue, Suite 1500, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111. The duplicate is for your records. 
 
 
[THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT ENDS HERE]
