 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
9 
directly or indirectly controlling Franchisee; and (d) the Managing Owner(s). Franchisee’s Owners are 
identified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement. 
 
“Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty” means the form of agreement attached to this Agreement 
as Exhibit 1. The Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty is an agreement and guarantee made by the 
Owners and Spouses of Franchisee and is entered into in their respective individual and personal capacities. 
 
“Payment Non-Compliance Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.F. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Post-Term Restricted Period” means the 24 month period after the earliest to occur of the following: (a) 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason; or (b) the date on which Franchisee assigns 
the Franchise Agreement to another person and/or Corporate Entity. Provided however, that if a court of 
competent jurisdiction determines that this period of time is too long to be enforceable, then the “Post-Term 
Restricted Period” means the 18 month period after the earliest to occur of the following: (i) the expiration 
or termination of this Agreement for any reason; or (ii) the date on which Franchisee assigns the Franchise 
Agreement to another person and/or Corporate Entity. 
 
“Prohibited Activities” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 6.D. of this Agreement. 
 
“Published Content” means any and all information, data, articles, press releases, digital content, special 
offers, product information, service information, web posts, videos and other information relating to and/or 
concerning the Franchised Business, the System, and/or the Licensed Marks that is or was made available 
by Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s agents to the public in print and/or electronic format and/or published, 
listed, made available, uploaded on, downloaded to and/or posted to Digital Media. 
 
“Renewal Ancillary Agreements” means Franchisor’s then current individual guaranty agreement and 
other agreements ancillary to the Renewal Franchise Agreement that Franchisee’s Owners and their 
Spouses, respectively, must agree to, sign and deliver to Franchisor within 30 days of the date of delivery 
by Franchisor to Franchisee. 
 
“Renewal Fee” shall mean the amount that is the greater of: (i) $7,500 or (ii) 15% of our then current initial 
franchise fee charged to franchisees who are new to the System. 
 
“Renewal Franchise Agreement” means Franchisor’s then current form Franchise Agreement for the 
Renewal Term that Franchisee must agree to, sign, and deliver to Franchisor within 30 days of the date of 
delivery by Franchisor to Franchisee, along with payment of the Renewal Fee. 
 
“Renewal Notice” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 15.B. 
 
“Renewal Term” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 15.A. 
 
“Reporting Non-Compliance Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 12.C. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Reporting Violation” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 12.C. of this Agreement. 
 
“Reputation Management Services” means the customer review, customer review monitoring and/or 
reporting services and/or reputation management services designated by Franchisor. Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgement, shall exclusively select the Reputation Management 
Services to be used by Franchisee and to determine and select the websites, social media sites, reporting 
