 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
15 
security systems, printers, back-up systems, and high-speed internet access. 
 
5. Contact Center Services – If we establish a Contact Center, we will be the exclusive supplier of the Contact 
Center Services that you are required to use. Our contact center may include phone based communications and 
other forms of customer engagement focused on new customer inquiries, recruiting, scheduling visits, and 
responding to customer service issues. We reserve the right to change vendors of the Contact Center Services. If 
we establish a Contact Center, on a monthly basis, you must pay Contact Center Fees to us. We reserve the right 
to deduct up to 3% of Gross Sales on a monthly basis for Contact Center Fees. As of December 31, 2023, we 
have not received any Contact Center Service Fees. 
 
6. Credit Card Processing – You must use our designated supplier and vendor for credit card processing which 
may be integrated with the point of sale/care management system that we designate. Credit card processing fees 
will, generally, be based on a percentage of all credit card processed Gross Sales. 
 
7. Online Ordering, Customer Rewards, and Gift Cards – You must use our designated supplier and vendor for 
the ability to access and use online, care management system/point of sale integrated, web based, and/or app 
based, ordering, customer rewards, and/or gift card systems. As you access and utilize these systems you will pay 
usage fees based on a percentage of your processed Gross Sales. 
 
8. Insurance – You must obtain the insurance coverage that we require from time to time as presently disclosed 
in the Manuals and as we may modify. All insurance policies required under your Franchise Agreement and as 
set forth in the Franchise Agreement must be written by a responsible carrier, reasonably acceptable to us, and all 
insurance (excluding workers’ compensation) must name us, our officers, directors, shareholders, partners, 
agents, representatives and independent contractors as additional insureds. The insurance policies must include a 
provision that the insurance carrier must provide us with no less than 30 days’ prior written notice in the event of 
a material alteration to, or cancellation of, any insurance policy. A certificate of insurance must be furnished by 
you to use at the earlier of 90 days after the Effective Date of the Franchise Agreement or prior to the 
commencement of our initial training program. Insurance coverage must be at least as comprehensive as the 
minimum requirements set forth below and in the Franchise Agreement (Franchise Agreement, Article 8). You 
must consult your carrier representative to determine the level of coverage necessary for the Franchised Business. 
Higher exposures may require higher limits. 
 
Insurance Requirements 
 
a) Coverage against direct physical loss or damage to real and personal property, including improvements 
and betterments, written on a special form peril basis, including flood and earthquake, if the relevant property 
is situated in a flood or earthquake zone, in an amount equal to 100% of the Franchised Business’ property 
value; 
 
b) Comprehensive general liability insurance, written on an occurrence basis, extended to include contractual 
liability, products and completed operations, and personal and advertising injury, with a combined bodily 
injury and property damage limit of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate; 
 
c) Statutory workers’ compensation insurance as required by the law of the state in which the Franchised 
Business is located, with a limit of at least $1,000,000; 
 
d) Employer’s liability insurance as required by the law of the state in which the Franchised Business is 
located, with a limit for bodily injury by accident of at least $500,000 and a limit for bodily injury by disease 
of at least $500,000, and an aggregate limit of at least $1,000,000; 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
