 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
2 
 
Our Affiliates 
 
Homecare Hub of Colorado, LLC 
Our affiliate Homecare Hub of Colorado, LLC is a Colorado limited liability company that maintains a principal 
business address at 8400 E. Prentice Avenue, Suite 1500, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111. This entity will 
operate a Home Halo Agency similar to the Franchised Business, and is the process of obtaining licensure. 
 
Homecare Hub of Iowa, LLC 
Our affiliate Homecare Hub of Iowa, LLC is an Iowa limited liability company that maintains a principal business 
address at 2973 100th Street, Suite 8, Urbandale, Iowa 50322. Since October 2022, this affiliate has operated a 
business similar to the Franchised Business. Prior to December 31, 2024, the business operated as a Home Halo 
Agency. As of January 1, 2024, the business operated as a Home Halo Agency. This affiliate has not in the past and 
does not now offer franchises in any lines of business.   
 
Homecare Hub of New Mexico, LLC  
Our affiliate Homecare Hub of New Mexico, LLC is a New Mexico limited liability company that maintains a 
principal business address at 5901 Indian School Road NE, Suite 103, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110. Since 
May 2024, this affiliate has operated a business similar to the Franchised Business. Prior to December 31, 2024, the 
business operated as a Home Halo Agency. As of January 1, 2024, the business operated as a Home Halo Agency. 
This affiliate has not in the past and does not now offer franchises in any lines of business.   
 
Homecare Hub of Wisconsin, LLC  
Our affiliate Homecare Hub of Wisconsin LLC is a Wisconsin limited liability company that maintains a principal 
business address at 11220 West Burleigh Street, Suite 100, Wauwatosa, Wisconsin 53222. This affiliate will operate 
a Home Halo Agency similar to the Franchised Business and anticipates opening in 2025. This affiliate has not in 
the past and does not now offer franchises in any lines of business.   
 
Homecare Hub IP, LLC 
Our affiliate Homecare Hub IP, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company that maintains a principal place of 
business at 8400 E. Prentice Avenue, Suite 1500, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111.  This affiliate is the owner 
of the Licensed Marks. This affiliate has not in the past and does not now offer franchises in any lines of business. 
 
Market and Competition 
The general market for the services and products offered by the Franchised Business typically includes seniors and 
veterans living at home and their family members. The market for senior and veteran home care services, including 
those providing personal care, companionship and homemaking assistance, is highly competitive and is not seasonal 
in nature. You will be competing with businesses that provide senior and veteran home care services, including 
locally and nationally owned businesses.  You will be competing with business that are independent as well as those 
that are part of local or national chain and including business that are part of local and nationally recognized 
franchise systems.  
 
Industry Specific Laws 
Many states and local jurisdictions have laws, rules, and regulations that may apply to the Franchised Business, 
including rules and regulations related to health and safety requirements concerning non-medical in-home services, 
insurance requirements and law, including but not limited to the applicability of Medicaid/Medicare. You must 
evaluate and obtain the necessary licenses, certification, permits and approvals necessary to establish and operate 
the Franchised Business within your designated operating territory. You will also be subject to federal and state 
laws and regulations that apply to businesses generally, including rules and regulations involving employment 
practices, wage and hour laws, immigration and employment laws. You must review federal minimum wage and 
overtime laws, as well as similar laws within your state to ensure compliance with labor and wage laws currently 
