 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
iv 
Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise 
 
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted: 
 
1. 
Out-of-State Dispute Resolution.  The franchise agreement requires you to resolve 
disputes with the franchisor by mediation, arbitration and/or litigation only in 
Colorado. Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force you to accept 
a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to mediate, arbitrate, 
or litigate with the franchisor in Colorado than in your own state. 
 
2. 
Spousal Liability. Your spouse must sign a document that makes your spouse liable 
for all financial obligations under the franchise agreement, even if your spouse has 
no ownership interest in the franchise. This guarantee will place both your and your 
spouse’s marital and personal assets (perhaps including your house) at risk if your 
franchise fails. 
 
3. 
Mandatory Minimum Payments. You must make minimum royalty or advertising 
fund payments, regardless of your sales levels. Your inability to make the payments 
may result in termination of your franchise and loss of your investment. 
 
4.  
Financial Support. The franchisor’s financial condition as reflected in its financial 
statements (see Item 21), calls into question the franchisor’s financial ability to 
provide services and support to you. 
 
5. 
Short Operating History. The franchisor is at an early stage of development and 
has limited operating history. This franchise is likely to be a riskier investment than 
a franchise in a system with a longer operating history. 
 
6.  
Unregistered Trademark. The primary trademark that you will use in your 
business is not federally registered. If the franchisor’s right to use this trademark in 
your area is challenged, you may have to identify your business and its products or 
services with a name that differs from that used by other franchises or the 
franchisors. This change can be expensive and may reduce brand recognition of the 
products or services you offer. 
 
Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific 
Addenda” (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
