 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
 
RECEIPT 
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other 
information in plain language. Read this Disclosure Document and all the agreements carefully. 
 
If Home Halo Franchising, LLC offers you a franchise, we must provide this Disclosure Document to you 
14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, us or an affiliate of ours 
in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  
 
New York and Rhode Island require that we give you this document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreements or the payment of 
any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. Michigan requires that we give you this 
Disclosure Document at least 10 business days before the signing of any binding franchise or other 
agreement, or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first. 
 
If Home Halo Franchising, LLC does not deliver this Disclosure Document on time of if it contains a false 
or misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred 
and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the applicable state 
administrator identified in Exhibit A of this Disclosure Document. We authorize the respective state 
agencies identified in Exhibit B of this Disclosure Document to receive service of process for us in the 
particular state.   
 
The Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document is: January 29, 2025 
 
The franchise sellers for this offering are:  
Name 
Principal Business Address 
Telephone Number 
Daniel Deak 
8400 E. Prentice Avenue, Suite 1500, Greenwood 
Village, Colorado 80111 
(800) 779-3312 
 
 
 
 
 
I received a Disclosure Document issued on January 29, 2025 that included the following exhibits: 
 
A. List of State Administrators 
F. List of Franchisees 
B. List of Agents for Service of Process 
G. List of Franchisees Who Have Left the System 
C. Operations Manual Table of Contents  
H. State Specific Addenda 
D. Financial Statements 
I. State Effective Dates 
E. Franchise Agreement 
J. Receipts 
 
 
Date 
 
Print Name 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
Date 
 
Print Name 
 
 
Signature 
 
Please sign this copy of the receipt, date your signature, and return it to Home Halo Franchising, LLC, 
8400 E. Prentice Avenue, Suite 1500, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111. 
 
 
