 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
9 
Note 3: Gross Sales – “Gross Sales” means the total dollar sales from all business and customers of your Home 
Halo Agency and includes the total gross amount of revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever source derived, 
whether in form of cash, credit, agreements to pay or other consideration including the actual retail value of any 
goods or services traded, borrowed, or received by you in exchange for any form of non-money consideration 
(whether or not payment is received at the time of the sale), from or derived by you or any other person or Corporate 
Entity from business conducted or which started in, on, from or through your Home Halo Agency and/or your 
Operating Territory, whether such business is conducted in compliance with or in violation of the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement. Gross Sales include the total gross amount of revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever 
source derived from and/or derived by you including, any person and/or Corporate Entity acting on your behalf, 
from business conducted within and/or outside your Operating Territory that is related to your Home Halo Agency 
and/or a competitive business located and/or operated within your Operating Territory, outside your Operating 
Territory, and/or otherwise. Gross Sales do not include (a) sales taxes that you collect and remit to the proper taxing 
authority, and (b) authorized promotional discounts that you provide to customers.  
 
Note 4: Brand Development Fund – The brand development fund fee is a continuing weekly fee equal to 2% of 
your weekly Gross Sales (the “Brand Development Fund Fee”).  
 
Note 5: Franchisee Directed Local Marketing – On an on-going monthly basis you must spend not less than the 
greater of: (a) 2% of your monthly Gross Sales; or (b) $1,000 per Territory on the local marketing of your Home 
Halo Agency within your Operating Territory and in accordance with our standards and specifications.  
 
Note 6: Advertising Cooperatives – If two or more Home Halo Agencies are operating within a geographic area, 
region, or market designated by us (a “designated market”), we reserve the right to establish and require your 
participation in a local or regional advertising cooperative within the designated market. If established, you will be 
required to participate in the cooperative and make on-going payments to the cooperative in such amounts and 
subject to such caps as established by the cooperative members. We anticipate that each Home Halo Agency 
franchisee will have one vote for each Home Halo Agency located within the cooperative market and those 
cooperative decisions shall be made based on approval of a simple majority vote with a quorum of not less than 
25% of the designated cooperative members. Contributions to a local or regional cooperative that we designate will 
count toward satisfaction of your minimum local marketing requirements but shall not exceed your local marketing 
requirement. 
 
Note 7: Technology Fee – The continuing monthly technology fee is an administrative fee and is not associated 
with any particular service but is used, at our discretion, to defray some of our costs related to system website, 
intranet and other programs, software and applications (the “Technology Fee”). Currently, we charge a Technology 
Fee in the amount of $250 per month. We reserve the right to increase the Technology Fee at any time in the future, 
provided that the Technology Fee will not exceed $750 per month.   
 
Note 8: Care Management System – You must use the care management system that we require, and which we may 
change at any time. You must pay to us or our designated third party supplier licensing fees and transaction fees in 
connection with your use of the required care management system. Currently, you must pay $10 - $16 per month 
for each active client of your Home Halo Agency, with a minimum of $200 per month. These fees may increase in 
the future based on client volume and due to increased vendor costs.  
 
Note 9: Contact Center Fees – You are required to exclusively use the contact center (the “Contact Center”) and the 
contact center services that we designate (the “Contact Center Services”). The Contact Center fee is a monthly fee 
that currently is charged at amounts equal to up to 3% of your monthly Gross Sales (“Contact Center Fee”). The 
amount charged will depend on the Contact Center Services that we designate and that you utilize but will not 
exceed 3% of monthly Gross Sales. Currently, we have not established a Contract Center. However, we reserve the 
right to do so at any time in the future. 
 
