 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
24 
Franchisee shall pay the Annual Conference Attendance Fee – even if Franchisor waives such fee for 
franchisees who attend the Annual System Conference.  
 
(7) Care Management System Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or 
Franchisor’s designees and/or third party vendors a fee for the use of the care management system that 
Franchisor requires, and which may be changed from time to time in Franchisor’s sole discretion.   
 
(8) All Other Fees and Obligations Set Forth in this Agreement – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, 
Franchisor’s affiliates, or Franchisor’s designees such other fees, charges and expenses as set forth in 
this Agreement and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or, otherwise, in accordance with 
the Manuals and/or Franchisor’s standards and specifications. 
 
5.F. 
PAYMENT NON-COMPLIANCE FEES AND CHARGES  
In addition to all other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, in connection with each and 
every fee, charge, and/or obligation payable and due from Franchisee to Franchisor under the terms of this 
Agreement including, but not limited to, this Article 5, within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee 
shall pay to Franchisor: (a) a payment non-compliance fee in the amount of $150 (the “Payment Non-
Compliance Fee”) for each and every instance where a fee, charge, and/or obligation payable to Franchisor 
under this Agreement is not paid in full when due; plus (b) interest on all unpaid fees, sums, and/or 
obligations payable and due from Franchisee to Franchisor at an interest rate equal to the lesser of either 
18% per annum, or the maximum interest rate allowed by applicable law and with interest accruing on the 
date when such fee, sum, or obligation was due; plus (c) all costs incurred by Franchisor in the collection 
of such unpaid and past due obligations including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney’s fees, costs, and 
expenses. Additionally, if Franchisee’s bank account possesses insufficient funds and/or fails to process a 
payment related to any fee due to Franchisor, Franchisor may charge the greater of either (i) 5% of the 
amount; (ii) $50 for each instance; or (iii) the maximum amount allowed by law. The foregoing does not 
constitute Franchisor’s agreement to accept payments after they are due or a commitment by Franchisor to 
extend credit to, or otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Business. Nothing contained 
in this Article 5.F. shall be interpreted as interfering with and/or negating Franchisor’s rights and remedies 
as set forth in Article 16, and as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of Franchisor 
are cumulative and shall be interpreted as cumulative to one another. 
 
5.G. 
APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS 
Franchisor has sole discretion to apply any payments received from Franchisee or to offset any 
indebtedness of Franchisor to Franchisee to any past due indebtedness of Franchisee for Royalty Fees, 
Advertising Contributions, purchases from Franchisor or its affiliates, interest or any other indebtedness 
of Franchisee to Franchisor or its affiliates.  
 
5.H. 
WITHHOLDING PAYMENTS UNLAWFUL 
Franchisee agrees that under no circumstance is Franchisee entitled to withhold payments due to 
Franchisor under this Agreement. Among other things and without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee 
expressly agrees that any claim by Franchisee as to the alleged non-performance of Franchisor’s 
obligations shall not permit and/or entitle Franchisee to withhold payments due Franchisor under this 
Agreement. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
