 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
28 
You must keep as confidential our Manuals and any supplements to the Manuals. Our Manuals may take the form 
of written materials and/or digitally distributed and stored materials and made available to you for use in connection 
with the Franchised Business. The Manuals contain information about our System, Approved Services and Products, 
System Supplies, proprietary products, marketing systems, training, and confidential methods of operation. You 
must use all reasonable and prudent means to maintain the Manuals and the information maintained in the Manuals 
as confidential and prevent any unauthorized copies, recordings, reproduction, or distribution of the Manuals or the 
information contained in the Manuals. You must restrict access to the Manuals to management level employees 
who sign a confidentiality agreement with you and are required by you to maintain the confidentiality of the Manuals 
and refrain from distributing or disclosing the Manuals and the information contained in the Manuals. You must 
provide us with immediate notice if you learn of any unauthorized use of the Manuals or of the information 
contained in the Manuals, or any infringement or challenge to the proprietary or confidentiality of the information 
contained in the Manuals. We will take any and all action(s), or refrain from taking action, that we determine, in 
our discretion, to be appropriate. We may control any action or legal proceeding we choose to bring. We need not 
participate in your defense or indemnify you for damages or expenses in a proceeding involving a copyright or 
patent. If any third party establishes to our satisfaction, in our discretion, that it possesses rights superior to ours, 
then you must modify or discontinue your use of these materials in accordance with our written instructions. 
 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
The Franchise Agreement requires that you or, if you are a Corporate Entity, that your managing shareholder or 
partner be personally responsible for the daily management and supervision of the Franchised Business (the 
“Managing Owner”). We must approve your Managing Owner and your Managing Owner must dedicate his or her 
full time efforts to the management and operation of the Franchise. Your Managing Owner must have satisfactorily 
completed our initial training and must have obtained all required licenses and permits necessary to operate a Home 
Halo Agency within your Operating Territory. 
 
You may hire a manager to assume responsibility for the daily management and supervision of the Franchised 
Business, only if: (a) the manager meets all of our minimum standards and criteria for managers; (b) the manager 
completes our initial training program; (c) the manager signs our confidentiality and non-competition agreements; 
and (d) the manager agrees, in writing, to assume responsibility for the on-site management and supervision of the 
Franchised Business (an “Operating Manager”). All of your employees and other agents and representatives who 
may have access to our confidential information must sign a confidentiality agreement. We do not require that the 
Operating Manager own any equity interest in the franchise. 
 
You, and if you are a partnership or Corporate Entity, each of your members, shareholders and/or partners 
(collectively, “Owners”), must personally guarantee all of your obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement. 
Each Owner and Owner’s spouse must personally guarantee your obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement. 
You must also promise in writing that, among other things, during the term of the Franchise Agreement you will 
not participate in any business that in any way competes with a Home Halo Agency, and that for 24 months after 
the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement with said period being tolled during any periods of non-
compliance, you will not participate in any competitive business located within and/or servicing customers located 
within your Operating Territory and a 25 mile radius surrounding your Operating Territory. Further you will not 
participate in any competitive business located within and/or servicing customers located within the operating 
territory of any other Home Halo Agency. Your managers will be required by us to sign a confidentiality agreement. 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
You may only sell the products and services specified or approved by us in writing. You must sell the products and 
services required by us. We can change the products and services that you must offer. There is no limitation on our 
