 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
is less than five years, and (b) you are prohibited by the Franchise Agreement or other agreement from 
continuing to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade 
name, logotype, advertising or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration 
of the franchise or you do not receive at least six months advance notice of our intent not to renew the 
franchise. 
 
E. A provision that permits us to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally available to other 
franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not require a 
renewal provision. 
 
F. A provision requiring that litigation be conducted outside this state. This shall not preclude you from 
entering into an agreement, at the time of litigation, to conduct litigation at a location outside this state. 
 
G. A provision that permits us to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a franchise, except for good 
cause. The subdivision does not prevent us from exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the 
franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
(i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet our then current reasonable qualifications or 
standards. 
(ii)  The fact that the proposed transferee is our or Sub-franchisor’s competitor. 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful 
obligations. 
(iv) Your or proposed transferee’s failure to pay us any sums or to cure any default in the Franchise 
Agreement existing at the time of the proposed transfer. 
 
H. A provision that requires you to resell to us items that are not uniquely identified with us. This 
subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants us a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of 
a franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase 
those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants us the right to acquire the assets 
of a franchise for the market or appraised value and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided 
in Item 17(g). 
 
I. A provision that permits us to directly or indirectly convey, assign or otherwise transfer our 
obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to you unless a provision has been made for providing the 
required contractual services. 
 
2. If our most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of less than $100,000.00, you 
may request that we arrange for the escrow of initial investment and other funds you paid until our 
obligations, if any, to provide real estate, improvements, equipment, inventory, training or other items 
included in the franchise offering are fulfilled. At our option, a surety bond may be provided in place of 
escrow. 
 
3. THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR ENFORCEMENT BY 
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
 
4. Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to: State of Michigan, Consumer Protection 
Division, Attention: Franchise Bureau, 670 Law Building, Lansing, MI 48913; telephone number (517) 
373-3800. 
 
