 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
23 
Franchisor a continuing monthly non-refundable Technology Fee. Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment, possesses the right, at any and all times throughout the Term, to implement and charge 
Franchisee a monthly Technology Fee in a monthly amount designated by Franchisor but provided that 
such monthly amount does not exceed $750 per month. Franchisee agrees that this Technology Fee is a 
general administrative fee and is not connected to any particular service. The Technology Fee shall be paid 
to Franchisor on the first Due Date for each respective month. 
 
5.D. 
CONTACT CENTER FEES 
Throughout the Term of this Agreement and any applicable renewal term, and if Franchisor has established 
or designated a Contact Center, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or designees,  a 
continuing monthly non-refundable contact center fee (the “Contact Center Fees”) in an amount equal to a 
percentage (the “Contact Center Rate”) of Franchisee’s monthly Gross Sales or a flat fee for each service 
provided that the monthly Contact Center Fees shall not exceed 3% of Gross Sales generated by Franchisee 
in the corresponding month. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor shall determine the Contact Center Rate in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment and that Franchisor may modify the Contact Center Rate and 
the Contact Center Fees from time to time provided that the Contact Center Rate shall not exceed 3% of 
Franchisee’s Gross Sales during each respective monthly Accounting Period. Franchisor shall, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, determine the services that may or may not be included in the 
Contact Center Services and the services that are included in the Contact Center Fees. The Contact Center 
Fees shall be calculated on a monthly basis for each respective monthly Accounting Period and shall be 
payable on the first Due Date for each respective month.  
 
5.E. 
OTHER FEES 
As designated by Franchisor in this Agreement, the Manual or otherwise, Franchisee shall pay the following 
additional fees to either Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or Franchisee’s designees: 
 
(1) Brand Development Fund Fee – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or  
Franchisor’s designees, the Brand Development Fund Fee as set forth in Article 9.A. of this Agreement. 
 
(2) Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Fee – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s 
affiliates, or Franchisor’s designees, a Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Fee upon demand of 
Franchisor following the occurrence of a Customer Satisfaction Non-Compliance Event. 
 
(3) Non-Compliance Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all Non-Compliance Fees in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement including, but not limited to, Payment Non-Compliance Fees, 
Operations Non-Compliance Fees, and Reporting Non-Compliance Fees. 
 
(4) Supplemental Training Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all training fees in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement including, but not limited to, Additional Initial Training Fees and 
Supplemental Training Fees. 
 
(5) Quality Assurance Audit Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or 
Franchisor’s designees on-going weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, and/or per use fees related to quality 
assurance programs designated by Franchisor related to periodic inspections of Franchisee’s Home 
Halo Agency and secret shopper evaluations. 
 
(6) Annual Conference Attendance Fees – Franchisee shall be responsible for all expenses of its 
personnel attending the Annual System Conference including travel, meals and lodging. Franchisee 
shall be required to pay to Franchisor an Annual Conference Attendance Fee. Franchisee agrees that if 
Franchisee fails to attend the Annual System Conference that Franchisor shall, nevertheless, charge and 
