HOME HALO FRANCHISING, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 
Income Taxes, continued 
The Company’s tax returns are subject to possible examination by the taxing authorities. For federal income tax 
purposes, the tax returns essentially remain open for possible examination for a period of three years after the 
respective filing deadlines of those returns. 
Concentrations of Credit Risk 
The Company maintains cash in bank and deposit accounts, which at times may exceed federally insured limits. 
The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any 
significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 
Revenue Recognition 
The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with accounting standards ASC Topic 606, 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new guidance includes the following five-step revenue recognition 
model: 
•
Identify the contract with the customer.
•
Identify the performance obligation in the contract.
•
Determine the transaction price.
•
Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations.
•
Recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied.
In 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FAB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU), 
Franchisors-Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 952-606) Practical Expedient. This new practical 
expedient will allow franchisors that are not public business entities to account for pre-opening services provided 
to a franchise as a single performance obligation in the services are in line with the services listed within the 
guidance, and they meet certain other conditions. 
The Company recognizes franchise royalties, brand fund and technology fee’s on a monthly basis, which are 
generally based upon a percentage of sales made by the Company’s franchises, when they are earned and deemed 
collectible. 
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America (U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Significant 
estimates made by the Company’s management include, but are not limited to, allowances for doubtful accounts 
and contracts receivable, the allowance for losses on contracts in process and the percentage of completion on 
uncompleted contracts. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 
Reclassifications 
No balances from prior year audited financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 
2024 financial statement presentation.
8 
