 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
38 
Digital Media Accounts agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 3. The foregoing shall not be 
interpreted or construed as permitting Franchisee to establish, designate, utilize and/or otherwise establish 
accounts as to Digital Media respecting and/or concerning the Franchised Business and/or the System. 
 
9.G. 
NO MARKETING OUTSIDE FRANCHISEE OPERATING TERRITORY 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisee’s marketing and Marketing Media must be directed toward Franchisee’s 
Operating Territory and that Franchisee shall not cause, authorize or engage in any Media Distribution to 
customers, potential customers and/or customer referral sources outside of Franchisee’s Operating 
Territory, unless: (a) such Media Distribution is a joint distribution with other Home Halo Agencies and is 
authorized by Franchisor in writing; and (b) Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, 
otherwise agrees to same in writing. 
 
ARTICLE 10 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 
10.A. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
This Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between Franchisor and Franchise, Franchisor and 
Franchisee are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement is intended to make either party a 
general or special agent, legal representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee or servant of the 
other for any purpose. The parties’ relationship is strictly a Franchisor and Franchisee relationship. 
Franchisee is the sole employer of the employees of the Franchised Business. Franchisee has the sole right 
to select, hire and discharge Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee is responsible for all decisions regarding 
hiring, firing, training, supervising, disciplining, scheduling and paying wages to, and withholding and 
paying taxes for Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee, each Owner, each Spouse, and Franchisee’s officers, 
directors, manager, agents, representatives, independent contractors and employees shall not be construed, 
considered, or represented as Franchisor’s employees, representatives, or agents. There is no joint employer 
relationship between Franchisor and Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee’s compliance with 
all federal, state and local labor laws rules and regulations shall be exclusively determined and managed by 
Franchisee. To the extent that the Operations Manual includes information, specifications, procedures, 
criteria and/or requirements as to employees of the Franchised Business, such requirements shall be 
interpreted exclusively for the purpose of maintaining brand standards associated with the System, to 
protect the good will associated with the System, and to ensure System uniformity requirements and 
standards concerning the Approved Services and Products, and under no circumstance shall same relate to 
the employer-employee relationship. As to the foregoing issue of “joint employer” and the non-existence 
thereof, in the event of any inconsistency or conflict between this Agreement and the Operations Manual, 
the terms of this Agreement shall take precedence and govern. 
 
Franchisee must conspicuously identify itself at the premises of the Franchised Business and in all dealings 
with customers, lessors, contractors, suppliers, public officials and others as the owner of a Home Halo 
Agency under a franchise from Franchisor, and Franchisee must place other notices of independent 
ownership on signs, forms, stationery, advertising and other materials as Franchisor requires.  
 
Franchisee must not employ any Licensed Mark in signing any contract, lease, mortgage, check, purchase 
agreement, negotiable instrument, or other legal obligation. Franchisee must not employ any Licensed Mark 
in a manner that is likely to result in liability of Franchisor for any indebtedness, action, inaction, or 
obligation of Franchisee.  
 
Franchisor and Franchisee shall not make any express or implied agreements, guaranties or representations, 
or incur any debt, in the name, or on behalf, of the other.  Franchisor and Franchisee shall not represent that 
their relationship is anything other than franchisor and franchisee. Franchisor and Franchisee shall not be 
obligated by, or have any liability under, any agreements or representations made by the other that are not 
