 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
26 
business or customers from Franchisor or, one of Franchisor’s affiliates or franchisees; (d) inducing any 
customer or client of Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, franchisees of the System, or, of Franchisee, to any 
other person or business that is not a Home Halo Agency; and/or (e) engaging in any actions, inactions, 
and/or activities in violation of Articles 6.B. and/or 6.C. of this Agreement (all, individually and 
collectively, referred to as the “Prohibited Activities”). Franchisee agrees that if Franchisee were to engage 
in the Prohibited Activities that such actions would be unfair, would constitute unfair competition and 
would cause harm to Franchisor, the System and other Home Halo Agency franchisees. Franchisee agrees 
that the foregoing covenants and obligations shall also apply to Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses and that 
Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses shall each execute and deliver to Franchisor the Franchise Owner and 
Spouse Agreement and Guaranty in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1. 
 
6.E. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS:  UNFAIR COMPETITION  
AND POST-TERMINATION NON-COMPETITION OBLIGATIONS  
Franchisee agrees that during the Post-Term Restricted Period, Franchisee shall not engage in any 
Prohibited Activities provided, however, that the Prohibited Activities relating to Franchisee’s having an 
interest in a Competitive Business will only apply with respect to a Competitive Business that is located 
within a Restricted Territory. If Franchisee is engaged in any Prohibited Activities during the Post-Term 
Restricted Period, Franchisee agrees that Franchisee’s Post-Term Restricted Period will be extended by the 
period of time during which Franchisee was engaging in the Prohibited Activity and, any such extension of 
time will not be construed as a waiver of Franchisee’s breach or otherwise impair any of Franchisor’s rights 
or remedies relating to Franchisee’s breach. Franchisee agrees that the foregoing covenants and restrictions 
shall also apply to Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses and that Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses shall each 
execute and deliver to Franchisor the Franchise Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty in the form 
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1. Franchisee agrees that the covenants and restrictions set forth in 
this Article 6.E. and otherwise in this Article 6, are fair and reasonable and that if Franchisee engaged in 
any Prohibited Activity that such actions would constitute acts of unfair competition, causing irreparable 
harm to Franchisor and the System. 
 
6.F. 
REASONABLENESS OF RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
Franchisee agrees that: (a) the terms of this Article 6 are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic 
area; and (b) Franchisee has sufficient resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an 
adequate living while complying with the terms of this Article 6. Franchisee hereby waives any right to 
challenge the terms of this Article 6 (including the referenced defined terms set forth in Article 1 of 
this Agreement) as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. Although 
Franchisee and Franchisor both believe that the restrictive covenants and obligations of this Article 6 to be 
reasonable in terms of scope, duration and geographic area, Franchisor may at any time unilaterally modify 
the terms of this Article 6 (provided that such modification is in writing and signed by Franchisor) by 
limiting the scope of the Prohibited Activities, narrowing the definition of a Competitive Business, 
shortening the duration of the Post-Term Restricted Period, reducing the geographic scope of the Restricted 
Territory and/or reducing the scope of any other covenant imposed upon Franchisee under this Article 6 to 
ensure that the terms and covenants are enforceable under applicable law. 
 
6.G. 
BREACH OF RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisee’s failure and/or Franchisee’s Owner(s) failure to comply with the 
restrictive covenants and obligations set forth in this Article 6 will cause irreparable harm to Franchisor 
and/or other Home Halo Agency franchisees for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Franchisee 
agrees that any violation of these Article 6 covenants and obligations by either Franchisee and/or any 
Owner(s) will entitle Franchisor to injunctive relief. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may apply for such 
injunctive relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be 
available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of Franchisee, in the event of the entry of such injunction, 
will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, upon a hearing duly held (all claims for damages 
