 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
8 
including, but not limited to, Direct Solicitations, Digital Media, social media, print publications, print 
mailers, email communications and public relations. 
 
“Media Distribution” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.G. of this Agreement. 
 
“Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 
5.B. of this Agreement. 
 
“Open Area” means a geographic territory and area that (a) is not an Assigned Area; and (b) is located 
within a 10 mile radius of Franchisee’s Operating Territory. 
 
“Operating Manager” means the Manager designated by Franchisee or Franchisee’s Managing Owner, 
that is charged with the obligation and responsibility to supervise and manage the day-to-day operations of 
the Franchised Business. At all times, the Operating Manager must: (a) meet all of Franchisor’s minimum 
training and brand quality control standards and criteria for managers as may be set forth in the Operations 
Manual; (b) successfully complete Franchisor’s Training Program; (c) sign the Confidentiality Agreement; 
and (d) agree, in writing, to assume responsibility for the management and supervision of the Franchised 
Business. 
 
“Operating Territory” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 2.A. of this Agreement. 
 
“Operations Manual” means, individually and collectively, the manual(s) designated by Franchisor and 
relating to the development and/or operations of Home Halo Agencies including, but not limited to, the 
policies, procedures and requirements for the development and operation of Home Halo Agencies. The 
Operations Manual may consist of one or more volumes, handbooks, manuals, written materials, videos, 
electronic media files, cloud/internet based list-service, intranet, internet based and accessed databases, 
computer media, email, webinars and other materials as may be modified, added to, replaced or 
supplemented by Franchisor from time to time in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, whether by 
way of supplements, replacement pages, franchise bulletins, or other official pronouncements or means. 
Subject to Franchisor’s modification from time to time and based on Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, the Operations Manual shall, among other things, designate the Approved Services and Products 
that must be offered and provided by the Franchised Business and the System Supplies that must be 
exclusively utilized by the Home Halo Agency. Only Approved Services and Products may be offered and 
sold by the Franchised Business. Only System Supplies may be utilized by Franchisee in the operations of 
the Franchised Business. 
 
“Operations Non-Compliance Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 7.J. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Operations Violation” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 7.J. of this Agreement. 
 
“Out of Territory Customer” means a customer or potential customer of a Home Halo Agency where the 
customer and the location of the services and products to be provided on behalf of such customer are located 
outside Franchisee’s Operating Territory and in an Open Area.  
 
“Out of Territory Rules” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 3.I. of this Agreement. 
 
“Owner” means collectively, individually and jointly: (a) the officers and directors of Franchisee (including 
the officers and directors of any general partner of Franchisee) who hold an ownership interest in 
Franchisee; (b) the managing member or manager of Franchisee, if franchisee is a limited liability company; 
(c) all holders of a 5% or more direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee and/or of any entity 
