 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
34 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential financial 
performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets if there is a reasonable basis for the information and 
if the information is included in the Disclosure Document. Financial performance information that differs from that 
included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are 
considering buying; or (2) franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by 
providing information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
(a) Calendar Year – means, as to each respective year, the 12 month period commencing on January 1 and ending 
on December 31. 
 
(b) Company Owned Outlet – means an Outlet owned either directly or indirectly by us, our affiliate or any person 
identified in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document. A Company Owned Outlet also includes any Outlet that is operated 
as a joint venture owned in part by us, our affiliate or any person identified in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document, 
or that is managed by us our affiliate or any person identified in Item 2. 
 
(c) Direct Gross Profit – means Gross Sales less Direct Labor Cost. Direct Gross Profit is not net profit or income 
and, except as to Direct Labor Cost, does not include the deduction of all other expenses incurred by a Home Halo 
Agency including, but not limited to, managerial labor and expenses, administrative labor and expenses, marketing 
expenses, insurance expenses, operating expenses, or general expenses including, but not limited to interest, taxes, 
depreciation, amortization, and Franchise Related Expenses.  
 
(d) Direct Labor Cost – means the direct non-owner labor expenses incurred in the operations of the Outlet and for 
employees that directly perform or provide services resulting in Gross Sales, and includes wages, payroll taxes, and 
paid employee benefits, if any. Direct Labor Cost does not include compensation related to administrative labor or 
management labor. 
 
(e) Disclosed Expenses – means the following select expenses: marketing, insurance, rent, supplies, caregiver 
mileage reimbursement, care management system, telephone. During the 2024 Calendar Year, our Company Owned 
Outlet paid Royalty Fees to us as if it were a Franchise Outlet. As such, we report the actual Royalty Fees paid by 
our Company Owned Outlet in Disclosed Expenses during the 2024 Calendar Year. 
 
(f) Franchise Outlet – refers to a Home Halo Agency operated under a Franchise Agreement that is not a Company 
Owned Outlet. 
 
(g) Franchise Related Expenses – means the following select fees currently required under the Franchise 
Agreements: Royalty Fees, Brand Development Fund Fees, Technology Fees, and Franchisee Directed Local 
Marketing. Franchise Related Expenses do not include all fee and payment obligations required under a Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
(h) Gross Sales – means the total revenue derived by each Home Halo Agency, less sales tax, discounts, allowances, 
and returns. 
 
(i) New Company Owned Outlet – means, as to a particular Calendar Year, a Company Owned Outlet that for the 
first time opened and commenced operations during the Calendar Year. For example, if a Company Owned Outlet 
first opened for business in February 2022, as to the 2022 Calendar Year, the Company Owned Outlet would qualify 
as a New Company Owned Outlet and not as an Operational Company Owned Outlet, see definition below. If this 
Company Owned Outlet remained in operation throughout the 2023 Calendar Year, it would qualify as an 
