 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
31 
i. 
Franchisee’s obligations on 
termination/non-renewal 
6, 17 
You must: pay all sums that you owe to us under the Franchise 
Agreement and all other agreements with us; cease owning and 
operating the Franchised Business; cease representing yourself as 
a franchisee of ours; permanently cease using and/or accessing 
the System, the Licensed Marks, our confidential information, the 
Manuals, the Business Management System, the Business 
Management System Data, and the System Supplies; return the 
Manuals and all confidential information to us in the original 
form provided to you and document the destruction of all 
electronic files related to same; completely de-identify the 
location and/or facility associated with the Franchised Business; 
as requested by us, transfer to us all data, telephone listings, 
digital media, accounts, web listings and websites associated with 
the Franchised Business; and abide by the post-termination non-
competition covenants and restrictions. 
 
j. 
Assignment of the contract by 
franchisor 
 
14.A. 
 
No restriction on our right to assign. 
k. “Transfer” by franchisee- 
definition 
14.B. 
A transfer means and includes, whether voluntary or involuntary, 
conditional or unconditional, direct or indirect: (a) an assignment, 
sale, gift, transfer, pledge or sub-franchise; (b) the grant of a 
mortgage, charge, lien or security interest, including, without 
limitation, the grant of a collateral assignment; (c) a merger, 
consolidation, exchange of shares or other ownership interests, 
issuance of additional ownership interests or securities 
representing or potentially representing ownership interests, or 
redemption of ownership interests; and (d) a sale or exchange of 
voting interests or securities convertible to voting interests, or an 
agreement granting the right to exercise or control the exercise of 
the voting rights of any holder of ownership interests or to control 
the operations or affairs of Franchisee.  
 
l. 
Franchisor’s approval of transfer 
by franchisee 
14.B. 
Transfers require our prior written consent, which may be granted 
or withheld in our discretion. 
 
m. Conditions for franchisor’s  
approval of transfer 
14.C. 
For approval of your transfer, you must provide us with 30 days 
prior written notice of the proposed transfer; you and your 
Owners must not have defaulted in your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement and all other agreements with us; you and 
your Owners must be in compliance with your obligations under 
the Franchise Agreement and all other agreements with us; the 
transferee must agree to be bound by all of the terms and 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement; the transferee’s owners 
and their spouses must personally guarantee all of the terms and 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement; you and your Owners and 
their spouses must sign a general release in favor of us; the 
transfer must provide for the assignment and/or ownership of the 
approved location for the Franchised Business, and the 
transferee’s continued use and occupancy of such location 
throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement; the assets of the 
Franchised Business must be transferred to the transferee; the 
transferee and the transferee’s owners and managers, at the 
transferee’s expense, must complete our training programs; we 
