 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
17 
During the Term of this Agreement and subject to Franchisee’s compliance with this Agreement, the 
System Website shall include information related to the Franchised Business as shall be determined and 
designated by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. All rights in and to telephone 
numbers associated with the Franchised Business, shall, at Franchisor’s election, be transferred to 
Franchisor.  
 
Without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee shall, upon the request of Franchisor, execute and deliver 
to Franchisor the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit 3. Upon the request of Franchisor, Franchisee shall execute, update, and/or re-execute 
the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts agreement upon the request of 
Franchisor. As between Franchisor and all third parties, Franchisee represents and acknowledges that such 
third party is authorized to rely on the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts 
agreement, irrespective of any dispute and/or controversy between Franchisor and Franchisee and 
irrespective of any contrary instructions of Franchisee. 
 
3.H. 
RELOCATION OF FRANCHISEE’S ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE 
Franchisee shall not relocate Franchisee’s Administrative Office to a facility located outside the Operating 
Territory. To the extent that Franchisee wishes to relocate Franchisee’s Administrative Office to a suitable 
commercial facility located within the Operating Territory then Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior 
written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld provided that Franchisee is in compliance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and provided that the new facility meets Franchisor’s then 
current standards and specifications. Franchisee may not operate the Franchised Business from a residence 
location outside of the Operating Territory. 
 
3.I. 
OUT OF TERRITORY CUSTOMERS 
The license and rights granted to Franchisee in this Agreement are limited to, among other things, the 
Operating Territory, the grant of franchise rights set forth in Article 2.A. of this Agreement, and the 
reservation of rights set forth in Article 2.D. of this Agreement. Subject to the existence of an Open Area 
and Franchisee’s compliance with following rules and requirements (“Out of Territory Rules”), Franchisee 
may provide the Approved Services and Products on behalf of customers located within an Open Area: 
 
Out of Territory Rules 
 
(1) Franchisee must conduct the operations of the Franchised Business from within Franchisee’s 
Operating Territory and Franchisee must provide the Approved Services and Products on behalf of 
customers located within Franchisee’s Operating Territory. The marketing of the Franchised Business 
must be targeted to Franchisee’s Operating Territory and, at all times, must conform and comply with, 
among other things, the restrictions set forth in Article 9.G. of this Agreement;  
(2) Provided that Franchisee: (i) does not engage in any Direct Solicitation of customers or potential 
customers outside of Franchisee’s Operating Territory or, within the Operating Territory of another 
Home Halo Agency, (ii) Franchisee does not otherwise violate the restrictions set forth in Article 9 of 
this Agreement, and (iii) unless otherwise directed by Franchisor at any time, from time to time, and in 
Franchisor’s sole direction, Franchisee may provide Approved Services and Products to a customer in 
an Open Area surrounding Franchisee’s Operating Territory. Upon written notice from Franchisor for 
any reason or no reason at all, Franchisee must discontinue from providing Approved Services and 
Products in an Open Area; and 
 
(3) Once an Open Area becomes an Assigned Area, Franchisee shall cease communicating with 
customers previously serviced by Franchisee in the Open Area and Franchisee shall turnover to 
Franchisor, for the benefit of Franchisor or, another Home Halo Agency, all information and records 
