 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
3 
Approved Services and Products that must be offered and sold by the Franchised Business. The Franchised 
Business may only offer and sell the Approved Services and Products. 
 
“Assigned Area” means the operating area, designated area and/or territory of current and future Home 
Halo Agencies other than the Operating Territory of Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency. Franchisor shall 
exclusively determine Assigned Areas. 
 
“Assignee Corporate Entity” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 14.E. of this 
Agreement.  
 
“Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts” means the form of “Assignment of 
Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts” agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 3. 
 
“Brand Development Fund” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.A. of this 
Agreement.  
 
“Brand Development Fund Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.A. of this 
Agreement.  
 
“Business Management System” means the software, internet, web based and/or cloud based system or 
systems, care management system, point of sale system or systems and customer relationship management 
system or systems as same may be individually or collectively designated by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment, as being required for use by the Franchised Business, including, but not 
limited to, the day-to-day sales, ordering, operations and management of the Franchised Business. 
Franchisor reserves the right to modify and designate alternative Business Management Systems as 
Franchisor determines in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. At all times, Franchisor shall 
possess direct live access and storage based access to the Business Management System for the Franchised 
Business and to Franchisee’s Business Management System Data. 
 
“Business Management System Data” means the forms, data, tools, customer information and sales 
information that: (a) is pre-populated or entered into the Business Management System utilized by 
Franchisee; (b) is entered (whether by Franchisor or Franchisee) into the Business Management System 
utilized by Franchisee; and/or (c) is recorded, stored and/or maintained by the Business Management 
System in connection with the management and operations of Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency. 
 
“Closed Market” means any and all Corporate Account customers that presently, or in the future, are 
located within Franchisee’s Operating Territory. 
 
“Competitive Business” means any business that (i) is the same as or similar to a Home Halo Agency; 
and/or (ii) is a non-medical at-home care agency and/or business offering and or providing seniors and/or 
veterans with daily living assistance services and/or hands-on care including, but not limited to, bathing, 
dressing, grooming, ambulation, transfer, feeding assistance, medication reminders, meal preparation, 
companionship, errand assistance, and light housekeeping; and/or (iii) is a home healthcare agency and/or 
business offering and/or providing seniors and/or veterans with skilled care services including, but not 
limited to, nursing, therapy and/or social worker services.  
 
“Confidential Information” means all of our trade secrets, methods, techniques, procedures, data and 
information (as same may exist as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and as may be developed, 
modified and supplemented in the future) constituting and comprising: (a) methods, specifications, 
standards, policies, procedures, information, concepts, programs and systems relating to the development, 
establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of Home Halo Agencies; (b) information concerning 
