 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
21 
spent each year. We are not required to segregate the Brand Development Fund from our general operating funds 
and we are not a fiduciary or trustee of the Brand Development Fund. The Brand Development Fund will not be 
used to directly promote your Home Halo Agency or the marketing area in which your Home Halo Agency will be 
located. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). We may utilize the Brand Development Fund to develop and test 
various media and technologies for potential utilization and/or improvement of the operations of Home Halo 
Agencies and the marketing of Home Halo Agencies. These technology developments and/or improvements may 
relate, among other things, to our website and to the interaction and potential enhancement of web offerings that 
may or may not be implemented on behalf of Home Halo Agencies. You may or may not benefit from these 
technology developments and improvements. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). 
 
We may use the Brand Development Fund to compensate ourselves for administrative fees associated with 
managing the Brand Development Fund and for our internal employee salaries, expenses and overhead associated 
with or reasonably allocated to managing the activities of the Brand Development Fund and performing services on 
behalf of the Brand Development Fund including, but not limited to, directing, developing and managing media of 
the Brand Development Fund. We will not use the Brand Development Fund to directly market the sale of Home 
Halo Agency franchises; however, the advertising, marketing and brand development materials developed, 
including the System website, may contain information as to the availability of Home Halo Agency franchises for 
sale and contact information for franchise inquiries. During our fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, we did not 
collect any amounts toward the Brand Development Fund.  
 
5. Advertising Cooperative – We possess the right to authorize, establish, designate and de-authorize a local or 
regional advertising cooperative within markets that we designate. We will exclusively determine the geographic 
and other boundaries constituting each cooperative and factors that we will consider include media markets and 
distribution channels including print, broadcast, and digital. If we establish a cooperative within a market that 
includes your Home Halo Agency, you must contribute to the cooperative in such amounts and frequency as 
determined by the cooperative. Members of the cooperative will be responsible for administering the cooperative, 
including determining the amount of contributions, marketing expenditures and allocations. We may require that 
cooperative decisions be made based on approval of a simple majority of franchisee members based on one vote 
per Home Halo Agency and with a quorum constituting not less than 25% of the designated franchisee cooperative 
members. If a cooperative exceeds nine franchisee members, we may require that the cooperative establish formal 
governing documents. Each cooperative must prepare annual unaudited financial statements that must be provided 
to each cooperative member for review. We reserve the right to form, change, dissolve, or merge any advertising 
cooperative. If we elect to form a local or regional cooperative or if a cooperative already exists as to the area of 
your Home Halo Agency, you will be required to participate in the cooperative in accordance with the provisions 
of our operations manual which we may supplement and modify from time to time. (Franchise Agreement, Article 
9.C.). You will not be required to make contributions to a Local or Regional Advertising Cooperative in amounts 
exceeding the local marketing requirements. 
 
As of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document we have not established any local or regional advertising 
cooperatives but reserve the right to do so in the future; and 
 
6. Advertising Council – We have not established an advertising council but reserve the right to do so in the future. 
(Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). 
 
Computer System 
You must use the computer systems and Business Management System that we designate. You are required to 
maintain and operate one desktop or laptop computer for each staff member at your Home Halo Agency. The cost 
of the computer system that you are required to purchase ranges from $500 to $3,000. You are required to use and 
license the Business Management System that we designate, and as may be otherwise designated by us in the 
Manuals. You are responsible for the maintenance and repair of all computer equipment and computer systems that 
we designate and require. Estimated costs for the maintenance, repair and update of the designated computer 
systems ranges from $250 to $750 per year. There are no contractual obligations imposed on us to maintain, repair, 
