 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
12 
Note 6: Computer, Software, and Business Management System – You are required to purchase, license and use 
the computer system and customer relationship management system and applications that we designate. This 
estimate includes the cost of a desktop or laptop computer for two staff members, and the initial start-up license for 
our designated business management system and/or care management system (the “Business Management 
System”).  
 
Note 7: Start-Up Marketing Expense – You must spend a minimum of $1,000 prior to and during the initial three 
month period following the opening your Home Halo Agency. 
 
Note 8: Insurance Deposits – Three Months – You are required to maintain minimum insurance coverage as 
designated by us. This estimate is for the cost of an initial deposit to obtain the minimum required insurance the 
initial three months of  monthly insurance installment premium payments. We recommend that you consult with 
your insurance agent before signing a Franchise Agreement.  
 
Note 9: Travel for Initial Training – You must complete our pre-opening training program before opening your 
Home Halo Agency. We do not charge a fee for our pre-opening initial training. This estimate is for estimated travel 
and lodging expenses that you will incur to attend our pre-opening initial training program. 
 
Note 10: Professional Fees – This estimate is for costs associated with the engagement of professionals such as 
attorneys and accountants for advisories consistent with the start-up of a Home Halo Agency. We recommend that 
you seek the assistance of professional advisors when evaluating this franchise opportunity, this Disclosure 
Document, and the Franchise Agreement. It is also advisable to consult these professionals to review any lease and 
other contracts that you will enter into as part of the development and operation of your Home Halo Agency.  
 
Note 11: Licenses and Permits – You must apply for, obtain, and maintain all required permits and licenses 
necessary to operate a Home Halo Agency. The licenses will vary depending on local, municipal, county and state 
regulations. 
 
Note 12: Additional Funds – This is an estimate of the minimum recommended levels of additional funds that may 
be required to cover operating expenses such as employee salaries, inventory, rent, and utilities only for the initial 
three month period following the opening of your Home Halo Agency. This estimate does not include compensation 
to you or your owners and does not include interest, finance charges, or payments that may be incurred by you if 
you financed the development of your Home Halo Agency. In making this estimate, we have relied on the 
experiences of our affiliates in developing and operating a Home Halo Agency. This is only an estimate for your 
initial three months of operations and more working capital and additional funds may be required depending on the 
sales and performance of your Home Halo Agency.  
 
Note 13: About Your Estimated Initial Investment – This is an estimate of the initial start-up expenses for a Home 
Halo Agency. We have based these estimates on the experiences of our affiliates in developing a Home Halo 
Agency. These are only estimates and your costs and the range of those costs may vary. These estimates do not 
include interest and financing charges that you may incur and they do not include management level compensation 
payable to you or your owners. If you increase the geographic size of your Operating Territory by adding Additional 
Territories your costs will be higher. These estimates are for a Home Halo Agency within a single Territory. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
