 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
20 
8. Hiring and Training of Employees – We do not provide assistance with the hiring and training of your employees. 
You will be directly responsible for the management and supervision of your employees. For the protection of the 
System, you must ensure that all employees wear and maintain the proper uniforms with our approved System 
branded apparel and uniforms including, but not limited to, the apparel and uniforms comprising System Supplies. 
You must monitor and ensure that all System Supplies and Approved Services and Products are prepared, 
maintained, and served in accordance with the System standards and Manuals; and 
 
9. Pricing – Except as to national, regional and corporate accounts that we may negotiate, you will exclusively 
determine the prices that you charge for the Approved Services and Products served and sold by your Home Halo 
Agency. However, we may suggest pricing levels that we recommend. 
 
Advertising  
 
1. Generally – All advertising, marketing, marketing materials and all marketing mediums used by you in the 
marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business must be pre-approved by us in writing and conform to our 
standards and specifications. You may only use those advertising and marketing materials and mediums that we 
designate and approve in writing. In our discretion we may make available to you approved marketing templates 
comprised of pre-approved ads, ad copy and digital media that you may utilize at your own expense. If you wish to 
utilize marketing materials and/or marketing mediums that are not currently approved by us in writing, you may 
submit a written request requesting permission and we will approve or disapprove of your request within 15 days 
of your submission of the written request and sample marketing materials. We are not required to conduct any 
advertising or spend any amount on your behalf on advertising in your operating territory. (Franchise Agreement, 
Article 9); 
 
2. Franchisee Directed Local Marketing – You are not authorized to engage in any marketing unless it is pre-
approved by us, in our discretion. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.B.). You are required to engage in local 
marketing and you are required to commit specific minimum amount of funds to your local marketing efforts. We 
will make available to you and provide you with access, in the form of a source document, to our approved 
marketing campaigns, media, and messaging that may be used by you. In those instances where we provide you 
with access to our marketing campaigns, we provide you with the source designs, copy, and design specifications. 
However, you will incur the direct costs associated with customizing, duplicating and using such marketing 
campaigns and having them printed, distributed and placed with media sources. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9); 
 
3. Digital Media and Website – All digital media and marketing must be approved by us. We will designate for 
your Operating Territory information about your Home Halo Agency on the www.myhomecarehub.com webpage 
or such other websites as we may designate for the System. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.F.); 
 
4. Brand Development Fund – We control and administer a brand development fund (the “Brand Development 
Fund”) (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). As disclosed in Item 6 of this Disclosure Document, you must 
contribute a weekly sum not to exceed 2% of weekly Gross Sales to the Brand Development Fund. We may use the 
Brand Development Fund for market studies, research, service development, product development, testing, research 
studies, technology development, advertising and public relations studies or services, creative production and 
printing of advertising and marketing materials, advertising copy and commercials, tracking costs, agency fees, 
advertising councils, franchisee advisory councils, administrative costs, which may include reimbursement for 
direct administrative and personnel costs associated with advertising and public relations, and any other costs 
associated with the development, marketing and testing of advertising, marketing and public relations materials, 
and the purchase of media placement, advertising time and public relations materials in national, regional or other 
advertising and public relations media in a manner determined by us, in our discretion, to be in the best interest of 
the franchisees and the System. Our company and/or affiliate owned Home Halo Agencies may but are not required 
to contribute to the Brand Development Fund. The Brand Development Fund will be required to maintain unaudited 
financial records detailing its expenditures and will make available to you (no more frequently than one time in any 
12-month period) an unaudited accounting of how the monies contributed to the Brand Development Fund were 
