 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
MINNESOTA FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT 
Amendments to the Home Halo Franchise Agreement: 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C. and Minnesota Franchise Rules, 
Chapter 2860, the parties to the attached Home Halo Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the 
“Franchise Agreement”), as follows: 
 
14. Article 14.C. of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Conditions for Approval of 
Transfer,” subarticle 14.C.(6) is supplemented with the addition of the following language: 
 
; provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by Franchisee and any causes of action arising in 
Franchisee’s favor from the provisions of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14 
et seq. and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D), shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision 
that the non-waiver provisions of the Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) be satisfied; and 
 
Minnesota law provides a franchisee with certain termination and non-renewal rights. Minn.  Stat.  
Sect.  80C.14 Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that franchisee be 
given 180 days-notice of nonrenewal of this Agreement by Franchisor. 
 
2. Article 15.B. of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Conditions for Renewal,” the subarticle 
15.B.(8) is supplemented with the addition of the following language: 
 
; provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by Franchisee and any causes of action arising in 
Franchisee’s favor from the provisions of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14 
et seq. and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D), shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision 
that the non-waiver provisions of the Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) be satisfied; and  
 
Minnesota law provides a franchisee with certain termination and non-renewal rights. Minn.  Stat.  
Sect.  80C.14 Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that franchisee be 
given 180 days-notice of nonrenewal of this Agreement by Franchisor.  
 
3. Under Article 11 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Notification of Infringement and 
Claims,” the subarticle 11.C. shall be supplemented by the addition of the following: 
 
Franchisor agrees to protect Franchisee, to the extent required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, against 
claims of infringement or unfair competition with respect to Franchisee’s use of the Marks when, in the 
opinion of Franchisor’s counsel, Franchisee’s rights warrant protection pursuant to Article 11.E. of this 
Agreement. 
 
4. Under Article 14 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Conditions for Approval of Transfer,” 
the subarticle 14.C. shall be supplemented by the addition of the following: 
 
Franchisor shall not unreasonably withhold consent to transfer the Franchise Agreement. 
 
5. Under Article 16 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Defaults and Automatic Termination 
Upon Written Notice Without Cure Period,” the subarticle 16.A.(2) shall be supplemented by the addition 
of the following: 
 
Article 16.A.(2) will not be enforced to the extent prohibited by applicable law. 
 
