 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
G. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring that the Franchise Agreement be construed 
according to the laws of a state other than North Dakota are unfair, unjust or inequitable within the 
intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
H. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires a franchisee to waive his or her right 
to a jury trial has been determined to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the intent of Section 
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
4.  No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Rhode Island FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Home Halo  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Item 17, “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” Item 17 is supplemented by the 
addition of the following: 
 
A. The Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, R.I. Gen. Law Ch. 395 Sec. 19-28.1-14 provides 
that a provision in a Franchise Agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this 
state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim 
otherwise enforceable under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
 
B. Any general release as a condition of renewal, termination or transfer will be void with respect 
to claims under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
 
Virginia FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Home Halo  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Item 17, “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” Item 17(h) is supplemented by the 
addition of the following: 
 
Under Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor to 
cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or termination stated in 
Home Halo Franchise Agreement do not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined 
in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be 
enforceable.  
 
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
 
