 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
65 
payment, fee, or any other amount payable to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement or any other payment 
obligation by Franchisee to Franchisor.  
 
18.U. HEADINGS 
The headings and subheadings in this Agreement are strictly for convenience and reference only, and they 
shall not limit, expand, or otherwise affect the interpretation or construction of the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement. 
 
18.V. AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE AND BIND 
Each party acknowledges, warrants and represents that it has all requisite power and authority to enter into 
this Agreement. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement has been duly and lawfully 
authorized by all necessary actions of each party, and the signatory to this Agreement for each party has 
been duly and lawfully authorized to execute this Agreement for and on behalf of the party for whom each 
signatory has signed. 
 
18.W. COUNTERPARTS, ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, AND MULTIPLE COPIES 
This Agreement may be executed electronically. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of 
which counterparts shall be deemed originals and taken together shall constitute a single agreement. 
Executed electronic or print duplicates of this Agreement, if any, and their respective signatures shall be 
deemed originals. 
 
18.X. JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
If Franchisee consists of more than one person or entity, then their liability under this Agreement shall be 
joint and several among each and every individual and/or Corporate Entity franchisee. 
 
18.Y.  RECITALS 
The parties agree that the recitals and representations contained on the first page of this Agreement 
constitute a part of this Agreement and are hereby fully incorporated into the terms of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 19 
NOTICES 
 
All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by this Agreement shall be deemed so 
delivered, at the time delivered by hand, one business day after being placed in the hands of a national 
commercial courier service for overnight delivery (properly addressed and with tracking confirmation), or 
three business days after placed in the U.S. mail by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, and 
addressed to the party to be notified at its most current principal business address of which the notifying 
party has been notified. Reports requiring delivery shall be delivered by certified U.S. mail and/or 
electronically, as designated by Franchisor. The addresses for the parties set forth in the initial paragraph 
of this Agreement shall be used unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice 
to the other party.  Any notice required under this Agreement shall not be deemed effective or given by 
Franchisee to Franchisor unless given in strict compliance with this Agreement. 
 
In all cases where Franchisor’s prior approval is required and no other method or timing for obtaining such 
approval is prescribed, Franchisee shall request such approval in writing, and Franchisor shall respond 
within 10 business days after receiving Franchisee’s written request and all supporting documentation, 
provided if Franchisor does not respond, such request shall be deemed unapproved. Franchisor’s consent 
to, or approval of, any act or request by Franchisee shall be effective only to the extent specifically stated, 
and Franchisor’s consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive, or render unnecessary, consent or 
approval of any other subsequent similar act or request.  
 
