 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
D. No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to the 
franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation, or trade 
practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or is 
subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, 
as  defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person from 
membership in such association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive 
order relating to any other business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department, 
including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
 
3. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements for a 
franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for franchisor approval of 
transfer”: 
 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action 
arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of 
New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this 
proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687(4) and 687(5) be 
satisfied. 
 
4. The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination by 
franchisee”: You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law. 
 
5. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of forum,” 
and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”: 
 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the 
franchisor or the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York 
 
6. Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements - No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment 
signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any. statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
7. Receipts - Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen. 
Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering 
prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made. New York law requires 
a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal meeting, 10 
business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment of any consideration 
that relates to the franchise relationship. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
