 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
32 
and/or acquiescence to Operations Violations. Nothing contained in this Article 7.J. shall be interpreted as 
interfering with and/or negating Franchisor’s rights and remedies as set forth in Article 16, and as otherwise 
set forth in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of Franchisor are cumulative and shall be interpreted 
as cumulative to one another. 
 
ARTICLE 8 
INSURANCE 
 
Franchisee, at Franchisee’s sole expense, must purchase and maintain in full force at all times during the 
Term of this Agreement an insurance policy or policies protecting Franchisee as named insured and naming, 
as additional insureds, Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, Franchisor’s successors and assigns, and the 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors and employees 
of Franchisor. The policy or policies must be written by a carrier or carriers with an A.M. Best Rating of at 
least A-, VII and reasonably acceptable to Franchisor. From time to time Franchisor may designate 
preferred insurance brokers and insurance carriers.  
 
The currently required insurance policies, insurance coverage requirements, and insurance coverage 
amounts are designated and set forth in the Operations Manual. Franchisor may, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment, periodically change the amounts of coverage required under such insurance policies 
and require different or additional kinds of insurance at any time, including excess liability insurance, to 
reflect inflation, identification of new risks, changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards 
or other relevant changes in circumstances. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing sentence, 
Franchisor shall not increase such minimum coverage more than once every two years. All public liability 
and property damages policies must contain a provision that Franchisor is entitled to recover under these 
policies on any loss occasioned to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, Franchisor’s successors and assigns, 
and the officers, directors, shareholders, members, owners, partners, agents, representatives, independent 
contractors, and employees of Franchisor by reason of the negligence of Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s 
officers, directors, shareholders, members, owners, partners, agents, representatives, independent 
contractors, and employees. By the earlier of 90 days after the Effective Date or prior to the commencement 
of the Training Program, Franchisee must deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Franchisor a copy of the 
certificates of insurance demonstrating Franchisee’s compliance with this Article 8. All insurance policies 
required must expressly provide that no less than 30 days’ prior written notice shall be given to Franchisor 
in the event of a material alteration to, or cancellation of, any insurance policy Franchisee is required to 
maintain in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
In the event Franchisee fails, for any reason, to procure or maintain the insurance required by this 
Agreement, then Franchisor has the right and authority (but not the obligation) to immediately procure 
insurance and charge all costs, fees, and expenses associated with same to Franchisee, which such charges, 
together with a reasonable administrative fee for Franchisor’s expenses in so acting, shall be immediately 
payable by Franchisee to Franchisor upon demand. The foregoing remedies are in addition to any other 
remedies Franchisor may have under this Agreement, at law, or in equity. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
