 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
42 
ARTICLE 12 
RECORDS AND REPORTS 
 
12.A. MAINTENANCE AND PRESERVATION OF RECORDS 
Franchisee shall maintain during the Term and preserve for at least three years from the dates of their 
preparation, full, complete and accurate books, records, and accounts from the Franchised Business. Such 
records shall be maintained and preserved in the form and manner by Franchisor in the Operations Manual 
or otherwise in writing.  
 
12.B. 
REPORTING OBLIGATIONS 
In additional to the reporting obligations otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to the 
following additional reporting obligations that shall include all of the data and information requested by 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, and as may be modified by Franchisor from 
time to time: 
 
(1) Royalty and Activity Reports – on the Due Date of each weekly Accounting Period, or such other 
day that Franchisor may prescribe from time to time,  Franchisee shall report, transmit, confirm, and/or 
otherwise make available to Franchisor, the Royalty and Activity Report as designated by Franchisor 
and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
(2) Monthly Financial Statements and Reports – within 30 days of the end of each calendar month 
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor monthly financial statements and other reports related to the 
operations of the Franchised business including, but not limited to, income statement, statement of cash 
flows, balance sheet, and other operational reports designated by Franchisor. Franchisee represents that 
the financial statements, information, and reports submitted to and/or made available to Franchisor shall 
be and remain true and accurate. The financial statements must be prepared in accordance with GAAP 
and, additionally, shall reconcile Gross Sales per GAAP to Gross Sales per this Agreement; 
 
(3) Annual Financial Statements and Reports – within 60 days of the end of each calendar year, 
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor Franchisee’s annual financial statements and other reports related 
to the operations of the Franchised business including, but not limited to, income statement, statement 
of cash flows, balance sheet, and other operational reports designated by Franchisor. The financial 
statements must be prepared by a licensed CPA and in accordance with GAAP and, additionally, shall 
reconcile Gross Sales per GAAP to Gross Sales per this Agreement; 
 
(4) Tax Returns – Franchisee shall provide to Franchisor, Franchisee’s annual federal, state and local 
tax returns as same are prepared and submitted to the applicable federal, state and local entities. Said 
tax returns shall be submitted to Franchisor within 45 days of Franchisee or Franchisee’s agent filing 
such returns with the applicable federal, state and local entities; and 
 
 
(5) Other Reports – Franchisee shall timely submit to Franchisor, all other forms, reports, records, 
information, and data as Franchisor may reasonably request in writing or as otherwise set forth in the 
Operations Manual.  
 
12.C. REMEDIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE WITH RECORDS AND REPORTING 
In addition to all other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, in connection with any, each, 
and every violation of any term, provision, and/or operational requirement as set forth in this Article 12 (a 
“Reporting Violation”), within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a 
reporting non-compliance fee (the “Reporting Non-Compliance Fee”) in the amount of $150 for each and 
every failure to timely submit a report and/or record as set forth in this Article 12. The foregoing does not 
constitute Franchisor’s consent to and/or acquiescence to Reporting Violations. Nothing contained in this 
