 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
7 
 
ownership interests, or redemption of ownership interests; and/or (d) a sale or exchange of voting 
interests or securities convertible to voting interests, or an agreement granting the right to exercise or 
control the exercise of the voting rights of any holder of ownership interests or to control the operations 
or affairs of Franchisee. 
 
3. 
Additional Acknowledgments by You.  
 
The Recitals and Representations set forth in the beginning of this Agreement are hereby incorporated into 
this Agreement. In addition to the foregoing, you acknowledge and represent that:  
 
(a) 
as of the Effective Date you are an Owner and/or Spouse;  
 
(b) 
you are signing this Agreement in your individual capacity and that you are bound to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement and irrespective of any change in your status as an Owner 
and/or Spouse;  
 
(c) 
in your capacity as an Owner of Franchisee or as the Spouse of an Owner of Franchisee 
that you have and may be gaining access to, among other things, the System and Intellectual 
Property; 
 
(d) 
you acknowledge that all of the components and aspects of the System and Intellectual 
Property (both individually and as they relate to one another collectively) are critical to our success 
as the franchisor of the System and to the overall System;  
 
(e) 
you acknowledge that we need to protect the System and Intellectual property and that to 
do so we require that you, in your individual capacity, to agree to the brand protection, non-
competition and other covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement and that you 
personally guarantee the financial and other obligations of Franchisee to us; and  
 
(f) 
you acknowledge that the terms of this Agreement are fair and reasonable and that you 
have elected, based on your own decision, to enter into this Agreement to induce us to enter into 
the Franchise Agreement with Franchisee. 
 
4. 
Intellectual Property, Brand Protection and Non-Competition Covenants and Restrictions.  
 
(a) 
Know-How. You agree that: (i) you will not use the Know-How in any business or capacity 
other than the Franchised Business; (ii) you will maintain the confidentiality of the Know-How at 
all times; (iii) you will not make unauthorized copies of documents containing any Know-How; 
(iv) you will take such reasonable steps as we may ask of you from time to time to prevent 
unauthorized use or disclosure of the Know-How; and (v) you will stop using the Know-How 
immediately if you are no longer an Owner of Franchisee or your Spouse is no longer an Owner of 
Franchisee, as applicable. You will not use the Intellectual Property for any purpose other than the 
development and operation of the Franchised Business pursuant to the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement and Operations Manual. You agree to assign to us or our designee, without charge, all 
rights to any Improvement developed by you, including the right to grant sublicenses. If applicable 
law precludes you from assigning ownership of any Improvement to us, then such Improvement 
shall be perpetually licensed by you to us free of charge, with full rights to use, commercialize, and 
sublicense the same.   
 
(b) 
Non-Competition During Franchise Relationship.  Subject to the terms and conditions of 
Article 5 of this Agreement, below, you represent and agree that while you are an Owner of 
