 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
21 
contains, as designated and determined by Franchisor, mandatory and, as applicable, suggested 
specifications, standards and operating procedures that Franchisor prescribes for Home Halo Agencies. 
Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Business in strict accordance with the standards, specifications, and 
requirements set forth in the Operations Manual as, such standards, specifications, and requirements 
including, but not limited to, the Approved Services and Products, System Supplies, and, authorized and 
designated suppliers, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, and, as they may be supplemented, 
modified, changed, and/or replaced in the future and, from time to time, by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisee shall keep and maintain the confidentiality of the Operations 
Manual and shall keep and maintain all files, data and information contained in the Operations Manual in 
a secure location and/or in a protected confidential state and, as otherwise directed by Franchisor. The 
master copy and official version of the Operations Manual is and shall be the copy and/or version 
maintained and designated by Franchisor in Franchisor’s ordinary course of business. 
 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with reasonable notice of modifications and changes made to the 
Operations Manual and, such notice may take form of electronic communications including emails and, if 
the Operations Manual is maintained on an online web based platform, notifications within said platform. 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with a reasonable period of time, as determined by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, to implement change and modifications to the as set forth in 
the Operations Manual. Without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee may only offer and sell the 
Approved Services and Products and utilize the System Supplies as designated by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, in the Operations Manual and, in accordance with the terms, 
specifications and requirements set forth in the Operations Manual and as Franchisor may supplement and 
modify the Operations Manual from time to time or, as Franchisor may otherwise designate in writing. 
 
ARTICLE 5 
FEES  
 
5.A. 
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE 
Upon execution of this Agreement Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a non-recurring initial franchisee fee 
(the “Initial Franchise Fee”) of $49,000 for an Operating Territory comprising a single Territory. If 
Franchisee’s Operating Territory is supplemented with Additional Territories, the Initial Franchise Fee shall 
be increased and shall be the amount set forth in Schedule 2 of this Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee 
is fully earned by Franchisor upon execution of this Agreement and is not refundable. 
 
5.B. 
ROYALTY FEES 
Royalty Fees: Throughout the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a continuing 
weekly non-refundable royalty fee (the “Royalty Fee”) in an amount equal to the greater of (a) 5% (the 
“Royalty Rate”) of Franchisee’s weekly Gross Sales, or (b) the amount of the then applicable minimum 
weekly Royalty Fee requirement (the “Minimum Weekly Royalty Fee Requirement”). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Royalty Rate for Out of Territory Customer Gross Sales shall be 10%. The Minimum Weekly 
Royalty Fee Requirement is determined based on the number of Territories located within Franchisee’s 
Operating Territory and Franchisee’s months in operation, as determined by Franchisor, and as set forth in 
the following schedule: 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
