 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
35 
Operational Company Owned Outlet during the 2023 Calendar Year. 
 
(j) Operational Company Owned Outlet – means, as to a particular Calendar Year, a Company Owned Outlet that 
was open and in operation on or prior to the commencement of the Calendar Year. For example, if a Company 
Owned Outlet first opened for business in February 2022, as to the 2022 Calendar Year, the Company Owned Outlet 
would qualify as a New Company Owned Outlet, see definition above, and not as an Operational Company Owned 
Outlet. If this Company Owned Outlet remained in operation throughout the 2023 Calendar Year, it would qualify 
as an Operational Company Owned Outlet during the 2023 Calendar Year.    
 
(k) Outlet – refers to a Home Halo Agency that is either a Company Owned Outlet or a Franchise Outlet, as the 
context requires. 
 
(l) Unique Customer – mean each individual Home Halo customer that receives Approved Services and Products 
during a particular Calendar Year.  
 
BASES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 
The financial information was not prepared on a basis consistent with generally accepted accounting principles. We 
do not have any Franchise Outlets. Data for our Company Owned Outlet is based on information reported to us by 
our affiliate. The information in this analysis has not been audited, is based on historical financial data and is not a 
forecast or projection of future financial performance. 
 
ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF COMPANY OWNED OUTLET 
 
During the 2023 Calendar Year we had one Operational Company Owned Outlet located in Urbandale, Iowa and 
no New Company Owned Outlets. During the 2024 Calendar Year we had one New Company Owned Outlet located 
in Albuquerque, New Mexico and one Operational Company Owned Outlet located in Urbandale, Iowa. 
Descriptions of our Company Owned Outlets are set forth in Table 1. Below in Table 2 and Table 3 we disclose 
select financial data regarding our one Operational Company Owned Outlet in Urbandale, Iowa for the 2023 and 
2024 Calendar Years. 
 
Material financial and operational characteristics that are reasonably anticipated to differ from future operational 
franchise outlets include: (a) managerial skill and efficiency experienced by our Company Owned Outlet as a result 
of our extensively experienced management team; (b) brand recognition within the local markets in which our 
Company Owned Outlet operates; and (c) no obligation to pay ongoing monthly fees that a franchisee will pay to 
us, such as royalties and a brand development fund fee. 
 
Table 1 
Outlet Location 
Description 
Urbandale, Iowa 
We began operations at our Urbandale, Iowa Company Owned Outlet located in Urbandale, 
Iowa in October 2022. This Company Owned Outlet is representative of the Franchised 
Business offered hereunder and has typically served mostly clients referred by and paid for 
through the Veterans Administration, which has reimbursement rates that vary depending 
on location. The market that this Company Owned Outlet services is comprised of a 
population of 500,000 people, which is the equivalent of two Territories. This Company 
Owned Outlet provides only Non-Medical Services. This Company Owned Outlet operated 
as a Home Halo Agency until December 31, 2024, at which time it was rebranded to a 
Home Halo Agency.  
 
Albuquerque, New 
Mexico 
We began operations at our Albuquerque, New Mexico Company Owned Outlet in May 
2024. This Company Owned Outlet is representative of the Franchised Business offered 
hereunder and has typically served mostly clients referred by and paid for through the 
Veterans Administration, which has reimbursement rates that vary depending on location. 
