 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
10 
services, surveys, and service platforms to be included in any evaluation and/or determination of 
Franchisee’s monthly customer satisfaction and approval ratings. 
 
“Restricted Territory” means the entire geographic area within and comprising: (a) Franchisee’s 
Operating Territory; (b) a 25 mile radius surrounding Franchisee’s Operating Territory; and (c) all other 
operating territories for Home Halo Agencies that are operated and/or under development by Franchisor or 
other Home Halo Agency franchisees as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and those that are in 
operation during all or any part of the Post-Term Restricted Period. However, if a court of competent 
jurisdiction determines that the foregoing Restricted Territory is too broad to be enforceable, then the 
“Restricted Territory” means the geographic area within and comprising Franchisee’s Operating Territory 
plus a 25 mile radius surrounding Franchisee’s Operating Territory. 
 
“Royalty and Activity Report” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.B. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Royalty Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.B. of this Agreement. 
 
“Scheduled Opening Date” means the day that occurs 120 days immediately following the Effective Date 
of this Agreement. 
 
“Spouse” means the legal spouse of an Owner. 
 
“Supplemental Training” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this Agreement. 
 
“Supplemental Training Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“System” shall have the meaning defined in the “Recitals” section of this Agreement and is further 
supplemented, as follows: (a) the Approved Services and Products, System Supplies and the services, 
procedures and systems that are designated by Franchisor, whether presently or in the future, for use in 
connection with the development, establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of a Home Halo 
Agency; (b) the Licensed Marks; (c) the Trade Dress; (d) Copyrights, (e) other trade names, service marks, 
signs, and logos, copyrights and trade dress that is designated by Franchisor, whether presently or in the 
future, for use in connection with the development, establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of 
a Home Halo Agency; (f) Operations Manual; (g) Business Management System Data; (h) Know-How; (i) 
Confidential Information; and (j) Digital Media. All determinations as to the system including components 
to the system and modifications and replacements thereto shall be determined by Franchisor in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment.  
 
“System Supplies” means the equipment and supplies designated by Franchisor as required for use in 
connection with Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency and the Approved Services and Products. Without 
limitation to the foregoing, the System Supplies shall include System branded, non-branded and third party 
branded equipment and supplies designated by Franchisor for use in the day-to-day operations of 
Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency including, among other things: Customer Vouchers, installation kits, 
uniforms, and other products designated by Franchisor in the Operations Manual and/or otherwise in writing 
and, as may be modified and supplemented by Franchisor from time to time in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment. System Supplies shall further include those products that Franchisor authorizes for sale 
to customers of Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency. 
 
“System Website” means the web page and pages located on the world wide web at the 
www.homecarehubfranchising.com domain and shall further include all webpages and subdomains 
