 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
56 
(5) To enjoin, restrain, and otherwise prohibit Franchisee from operating the Franchised Business or 
exercising any rights granted to Franchisee under this Agreement pursuant to a court order restraining 
order, injunction or other means.  
 
(6) Declaratory judgment that this Agreement and all rights granted to Franchisee under this Agreement 
are terminated, null and void. 
 
(7) All other remedies and/or rights available to Franchisor as otherwise set forth in the Agreement 
and/or as may be otherwise available by law or equity. 
 
In the event of a breach or default of this Agreement, should Franchisor elect, at Franchisor’s sole discretion, 
to not terminate this Agreement, such action shall be without prejudice and without waiver of Franchisor’s 
rights in the future. Further, at all times, and without prejudice to Franchisor’s right to declare a default and, 
among other things, terminate this Agreement, Franchisor may: (i) temporarily or permanently suspend any 
existing credit arrangements or accommodations previously extended to Franchisee and/or refrain from 
offering or making available to Franchisee any credit arrangements or accommodations that may be offered 
or made available to other System franchisees; (ii) modify payment terms for approved products, supplies, 
or other merchandise purchased by Franchisee which may include, without limitation, requiring cash on 
delivery; (iii) disqualify Franchisee from being eligible for, or from participating in, special promotion 
programs, rebates, and/or rebate sharing that may be offered or made available to other System franchisees; 
and/or (iv) refrain from providing or making available to Franchisee promotional materials or other 
materials developed by the Brand Development Fund and/or Advertising Cooperative. 
 
If Franchisor does not pursue termination of this Agreement in the event of a default or breach by Franchise, 
and/or Franchisor accepts any royalties, payments, contributions, funds, or other monetary sums from 
Franchisee, such actions do not constitute a waiver or acceptance of Franchisee’s default or breach, and 
Franchisor reserves the right to pursue any and all additional remedies set forth in this Agreement, at law, 
or in equity. Franchisor’s rights and remedies are cumulative, and no exercise or enforcement by Franchisor 
of any such right or remedy precludes the exercise or enforcement by Franchisor of any other right or 
remedy which Franchisor is entitled by law to enforce.   
 
16.D. GUARANTY 
The payment of all payments, amounts, fees, charges and other financial obligations payable by Franchisee 
to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement, and Franchisee’s observance and performance of all terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, are guaranteed pursuant to The Franchise Owner and Spouse Agreement and 
Guaranty attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1. 
 
16.E. 
NOTICE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AGAINST FRANCHISOR 
Franchisee shall give Franchisor advance written notice of Franchisee’s intent to commence or otherwise 
institute any legal action or proceeding against Franchisor, specifying the basis for such proposed action, 
and Franchisee shall grant Franchisor 30 days from receipt of said notice to cure the alleged act upon which 
such legal action is to be based (hereinafter, the “30 Day Cure Notice”). Franchisee agrees that the 30 Day 
Cure Notice is a strict condition precedent to Franchisee commencing, or otherwise instituting, legal action 
or proceeding against Franchisor for any reason whatsoever.   
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
