 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
WASHINGTON FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT 
Amendments to the Home Halo Franchise Agreement: 
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, 
Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including 
the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also be court decisions which may 
supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the areas of termination 
and renewal of your franchise. 
 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation 
site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration 
or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation.  In 
addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or 
proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
 
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant to a 
negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent 
counsel.  Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for 
claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be 
enforceable. 
 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual 
costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an employee, 
including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, 
when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  In 
addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor of a 
franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking 
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for 
inflation).  As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with 
these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) 
soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any 
employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or 
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
