 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
Maryland FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Home Halo  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Item 17, “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” is supplemented, by the addition of 
the following: 
 
A. The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not 
apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
B. A Franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
C. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be 
brought within three years after the grant of the franchise. 
 
 
D. The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq.). 
 
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Michigan FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Home Halo  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
1. THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS ARE IN 
THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED 
AGAINST YOU. 
 
A. A prohibition of your right to join an association of franchisees. 
 
B. A requirement that you assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel that deprives 
you of rights and protections provided in this act.  This shall not preclude you, after entering into a 
Franchise Agreement, from settling any and all claims. 
 
C. A provision that permits us to terminate a franchise before the expiration of this term except for good 
cause. Good cause shall include your failure to comply with any lawful provision of the Franchise 
Agreement and to cure the failure after being given written notice of the failure and a reasonable 
opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure the failure. 
 
D. A provision that permits us to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly compensating you by 
repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of your inventory, supplies, 
equipment, fixtures and furnishings. Personalized materials that have no value to us and inventory, 
supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise 
business are not subject to compensation. This subsection applies only if: (a) the term of the franchise 
