 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
37 
contributions to the Advertising Cooperative shall be maintained and administered in accordance with 
the documents governing the Advertising Cooperative. The Advertising Cooperative shall be operated 
solely for the purpose of collection and expenditure of the Advertising Cooperative’s fees for the 
purpose set forth in this Article 9.C.; 
(7) No marketing materials, plans, or media may be used by the Advertising Cooperative or its members 
without the prior written approval of Franchisor;  
 
(8) Home Halo Agencies owned by Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s affiliates that are located within the 
geographic area of the designated Advertising Cooperative are not required to make contributions to 
the Advertising Cooperative; and 
 
(9) The Advertising Cooperative must comply with the rules and regulations established by Franchisor 
in the Operations Manual which may be modified by Franchisor from time to time. 
 
9.D. 
REQUIRED FRANCHISOR APPROVAL OF ALL MARKETING 
All marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business and all marketing media, campaigns, marketing 
channels, and efforts used by Franchisee must conform to Franchisor’s standards and specifications as set 
forth in the Operations Manual or, as may be otherwise directed by Franchisor in writing from time to time. 
If Franchisee wishes to propose to Franchisor for approval or disapproval marketing or promotional efforts, 
campaigns, and/or media that are not presently and expressly approved and authorized by Franchisor, 
Franchisee shall submit a written request, including samples of all proposed marketing materials and a 
description of the marketing channels and distribution to Franchisor for Franchisor’s approval or 
disapproval, that shall be at the sole discretion of Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment. Provided that Franchisee has satisfied the written notice requirements set forth in this Article 
9.D. and provided that Franchisee otherwise timely responds in writing to any and all requests by Franchisor 
for additional information, if Franchisor does not notify Franchisee that Franchisor disapproves the 
materials within 15 days from the date Franchisor receives the materials, then Franchisee may commence 
using the materials. However, Franchisor may still disapprove such materials by notice to Franchisee, and 
Franchisee must then cease using such materials upon receipt of such notice. Franchisee must not use any 
advertising or promotional materials that Franchisor has disapproved.  
 
9.E. 
WAIVERS OR DEFERRALS 
On written request from Franchisee with reasons supporting such request, Franchisor may, at Franchisor’s 
sole discretion and on conditions Franchisor deems appropriate, temporarily waive or defer the obligations 
of Franchisee under the Brand Development Fund and/or, if applicable, Advertising Cooperative. In no 
event shall such waiver or deferral extend beyond six months. However, at the end of any waiver or deferral 
period, Franchisee may resubmit a request for waiver or deferral of its obligations under the Brand 
Development Fund and/or, if applicable, Advertising Cooperative. Franchisor shall not be under any 
obligation to grant any waiver or deferral. Franchisor may reject Franchisee’s request for a waiver or 
deferral based on any reason or no reason at all and, nevertheless grant the request of another system 
franchisee. 
 
9.F. 
DIGITAL MEDIA AND WEBSITE PROHIBITIONS 
Franchisee’s use of Digital Media shall be subject to and require Franchisor’s express written consent which 
shall and may be withheld by Franchisor for any or no reason at all. Without limitation to the foregoing, 
Franchisee possesses no right or authority to utilize Digital Media and Franchisee agrees that Franchisor 
reserves all rights respecting the marketing, sale and distribution of Approved Services and Products 
through Digital Media. Franchisee agrees that all Digital Media and Digital Media accounts associated with 
and/or relating to the Franchised Business and/or the System shall, upon demand of Franchisor, be 
transferred to Franchisor. Upon execution of this Agreement and any and all future dates demanded by 
Franchisor, Franchisee shall execute and deliver to Franchisor the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and 
