HOME HALO FRANCHISING, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
NOTE 1 – BUSINESS ACTIVITY 
Home Halo Franchising, LLC was formed in the state of Delaware; The principal purpose of 
the 
Company 
is 
to 
offer 
and 
sell 
franchises 
that 
provide services. Unless otherwise 
indicated, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” and “Company” refer to Home Halo Franchising, LLC.
NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Basis of Accounting 
The Company’s policy is to prepare its financial statements on the accrual basis of accounting; 
consequently, revenues are recognized when earned rather than when received, and expenses are 
recognized when the obligation is incurred rather than when cash is disbursed. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash 
equivalents. 
Accounts Receivable and Bad Debts 
Customer accounts receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect on balances. The Company 
uses the direct write-off method for bad debts; management closely monitors outstanding balances and writes off, 
as of year-end, any balances that are considered to be uncollectible. Bad debts amounted to $0 for the year ended 
December 31, 2024.
Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are generally provided using 
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets which ranges between 3 to 10 
years. At December 31, 2024, the Company does not own fixed assets.
Advertising 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. 
Income Taxes 
Certain transactions of the Company may be subject to accounting methods for income tax purposes that 
differ significantly from the accounting methods used in preparing the financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, the taxable income of the Company reported for 
federal and state income tax purposes may differ from net income in these financial statements. 
As a limited liability company, income or loss of the Company is allocated to the members/shareholders. No 
provision for federal or state income taxes is necessary because any income or loss is included in the tax 
returns of the individual members/shareholders. Local income taxes, if any, are paid by the Company. The 
Company was not subject to any local income taxes for the  year ended December 31, 2024.
The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty 
in Income Taxes. ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial 
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC 
740-10 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, and disclosure 
and transition accounting. The Company has concluded that no liability for uncertain tax positions is required at 
December 31, 2024.
7 
