 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
48 
Agreement as such obligations existed between Franchisee and Franchisor prior to the date of any 
assignment to the Assignee Corporate Entity.  
 
14.F. 
FRANCHISOR’S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
If Franchisee or an Owner desire to engage, in whole or in part, in a Transfer of Franchisee, this Agreement, 
Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency, Franchisee’s non-residential Administrative Office, and/or Franchisee’s 
Administrative Office, then Franchisee or such Owner (as applicable) must obtain a bona fide, signed 
written offer from the fully disclosed purchaser (the “Offer”) and submit an exact copy of the Offer to 
Franchisor. Franchisor shall have 30 days after receipt of the Offer to decide whether Franchisor will 
purchase the interest in Franchisee, Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency, Franchisee’s non-residential 
Administrative Office, and/or Franchisee’s Administrative Office for the same price and upon the same 
terms contained in the Offer (however, Franchisor may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed 
in the Offer). If Franchisor notifies Franchisee that Franchisor intends to purchase the interest within said 
30 day period, Franchisee or Owner (as applicable) must sell the interest to Franchisor. Franchisor will have 
at least an additional 60 days to prepare for closing. Franchisor shall be entitled to receive from Franchisee 
or Owner (as applicable) all customary representations and warranties given by Franchisee or Owner (as 
applicable) as the seller of the assets and/or the ownership interest or, at Franchisor’s election, the 
representations and warranties contained in the offer. If Franchisor does not exercise its right of first refusal, 
Franchisee or Owner (as applicable) may complete the Transfer to the purchaser pursuant to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Offer, provided that separate and apart from this Article 14.F. right of first 
refusal, Franchisee complies with the terms of this Article 14. However, if the sale to the purchaser is not 
completed within 120 days after delivery of the Offer to Franchisor, or there is a material change in the 
terms of the sale, Franchisor will again have the right of first refusal specified in this Article 14.F. 
Franchisor’s right of first refusal in this Article 14.F. shall not apply to any Transfer pursuant to Article 
14.E. of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 15 
RENEWAL OF FRANCHISE 
 
15.A. FRANCHISEE’S RIGHT TO RENEW 
Subject to Franchisee’s satisfaction of the terms of this Agreement, including this Article 15, Franchisee 
shall possess the option to renew the franchise for Franchisee’s continued license and franchised operation 
of the Franchised Business for one additional 10 year term (each, a “Renewal Term”) provided that 
Franchisee is in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and timely and independently complies with 
the renewal conditions set forth in this Article 15. 
 
15.B. 
CONDITIONS FOR RENEWAL 
Franchisee’s renewal rights under this Article 15 are subject to and contingent upon Franchisee’s 
satisfaction of the following conditions and criteria:  
(1) Not less than 180 days prior to the expiration of the Term but not greater than 270 days prior to the 
expiration of the Term, Franchisee shall have provided Franchisor with written notice (the “Renewal 
Notice”) of Franchisee’s election to renew; 
 
(2) At the time of delivering the Renewal Notice and at all times thereafter, Franchisee and Franchisee’s 
Owners must be in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and all Ancillary Agreements, and 
without any default of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements; 
 
(3) Franchisee must possess, present, and demonstrate to Franchisor and, subject to Franchisor’s 
reasonable satisfaction, that: (a) Franchisee maintains the ability to continue to operate the Franchised 
Business within Franchisee’s Operating Territory; and (b) Franchisee possesses the right to occupy and 
