 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
6 
“Effective Date” shall be the date set forth and referred to in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
“First Territory” means the initial/first designated Territory comprising Franchisee’s Operating Territory.  
 
“Franchised Business” means the Home Halo Agency that Franchisee shall develop and is required to 
establish, maintain and operate as part of the System and in accordance with the terms, conditions and 
obligations set forth in this Agreement and the Operations Manual. Without limitation to the foregoing, the 
Franchised Business shall be exclusively established, maintained, owned and operated by Franchisee within 
Franchisee’s designated Operating Territory and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Shall have 
the same meaning as Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency. 
 
“Franchisee’s Administrative Office” means the Administrative Office from which Franchisee 
administratively manages and, operationally coordinates, the Franchised Business. 
 
“Franchisee’s Home Halo Agency” means the Home Halo Agency that Franchisee shall operate within 
the Operating Territory pursuant to the terms, conditions and obligations set forth in this Agreement. Shall 
have the same meaning as Franchised Business. 
 
“Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment” means, and relates to any and all decisions, actions and 
choices made by Franchisor concerning or relating to this Agreement, the System generally, Home Halo 
Agencies and/or the Franchised Business where Franchisor undertakes or makes such decision with the 
intention of benefitting or acting in a way that could benefit the System. When making decisions and/or 
taking actions in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, Franchisor may, in addition to all other rights 
afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, consider factors, in whole or in part, that include: Franchisor’s 
profits; enhancing the value of the Licensed Marks; increasing customer satisfaction; minimizing potential 
customer confusion as to the Licensed Marks; determining Operating Territory markets; minimizing 
potential customer confusion as to the location of Home Halo Agencies; expanding brand awareness of the 
Licensed Marks; implementing marketing and accounting control systems; and approving products, 
services, supplies and equipment. Franchisee agrees that when a decision, determination, action and/or 
choice is made by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment that such decision, 
determination, action or choice shall take precedence and prevail, even if other alternatives, determinations, 
actions and/or choices are reasonable or arguably available and/or preferable. Franchisee agrees that in 
connection with any decision, determination, action and/or choice made by Franchisor in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment that: (a) Franchisor possesses a legitimate interest in seeking to maximize 
Franchisor’s profits; (b) Franchisor shall not be required to consider Franchisee’s individual economic or 
business interests as compared to the overall System; and (c) should Franchisor economically benefit from 
such decision, determination, action and/or choice that such economic benefit to Franchisor shall not be 
relevant to demonstrating that Franchisor did not exercise reasonable business judgment with regard to 
Franchisor’s obligations under this Agreement and/or with regard to the System. Franchisee agrees that 
neither Franchisee and/or any third party, including, but not limited to, any third party acting as a trier of 
fact, shall substitute Franchisee’s or such third party’s judgment for Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment. Franchisee further agrees that should Franchisee challenge Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment in any legal proceeding that Franchisee possesses the burden of demonstrating, by clear and 
convincing evidence, that Franchisor failed to exercise Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
“GAAP” refers to and means United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 
“Gross Sales” means the total dollar sales from all business and customers of the Franchised Business and 
includes the total gross amount of revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever source derived, whether in 
form of cash, credit, agreements to pay or other consideration including the actual retail value of any goods 
or services traded, borrowed, or received by Franchisee in exchange for any form of non-money 
