 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
39 
expressly authorized.  Franchisor shall not be obligated for any damages to any person or property directly 
or indirectly arising out of the operation of the Franchised Business, whether or not caused by Franchisee’s 
negligent, willful act or failure to act.  
 
Franchisor shall have no liability for any sales, use, excise, gross receipts, property or other taxes, whether 
levied upon Franchisee, the Franchised Business or its assets, or upon Franchisor in connection with sales 
made, services performed or business conducted by Franchisee.  
 
10.B. 
INDEMNIFICATION BY FRANCHISEE 
Franchisee and each Owner shall indemnify, defend through counsel acceptable to Franchisor, and hold 
Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, owners, 
partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors, employees, assigns and successors (the 
“Franchisor Indemnified Parties”) harmless from all losses, expenses, claims, causes of action, lawsuits, 
liabilities, taxes, costs, demands, proceedings, investigations, hearings, and/or damages arising out of, or 
relating to, the Franchised Business (including, without limitation, the ownership and operation of the 
Franchised Business), unless such loss, expense, claim, cause of action, lawsuit, liability, tax, cost, demand, 
proceeding, or damage is solely due to Franchisor’s gross negligence, and Franchisee shall pay all of the 
Franchisor Indemnified Parties’ reasonable costs, fees and expenses of defending any such claim, cause of 
action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, investigation, and/or hearing brought against any of the Franchisor 
Indemnified Parties or any such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, investigation, and/or 
hearing in which any of the Franchisor Indemnified Parties is named as a party, including, without 
limitation, reasonable accountant fees, attorney fees, and expert witness fees, court costs, deposition fees, 
travel expenses and other litigation expenses. At the expense and risk of Franchisee and each Owner, 
Franchisor may elect to assume (but is not obligated to undertake) the defense and/or settlement of any 
action, lawsuit, proceeding, claim, or demand. Such an election by Franchisor to assume its defense shall 
not diminish the obligation of Franchisee and each Owner to indemnify, defend and hold harmless 
Franchisor. Franchisee and each Owner acknowledge and agree that the terms of this Article 10.B. shall 
survive the termination, expiration or Transfer of this Agreement. Franchisor Indemnified Parties are not 
required or obligated to seek recovery from third parties or otherwise mitigate their respective losses in 
order to maintain a claim against Franchisee or any Owner. Franchisee and each of the Owners agree that 
Franchisor’s failure to pursue recovery or mitigate loss in no way reduces the amounts recoverable from 
Franchisee or any Owner.  
 
10.C. INDEMNIFICATION BY FRANCHISOR 
Franchisor shall indemnify, defend, and hold Franchisee and Franchisee’s officers, directors, shareholders, 
members, owners, partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors, employees, assigns and 
successors (the “Franchisee Indemnified Parties”) harmless from all losses, expenses, claims, causes of 
action, lawsuits, liabilities, taxes, costs, demands, proceedings, investigations, hearings, and/or damages 
solely arising out of, or solely relating to, Franchisor’s gross negligence in the operation of Franchisee’s 
Home Halo Agency that was the direct cause of any such loss, expense, liability or damage provided 
Franchisee immediately notifies Franchisor of such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, 
investigation or hearing, and Franchisor shall pay all of the Franchisee Indemnified Parties’ reasonable 
costs, fees and expenses of defending any such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, 
investigation, and/or hearing brought against any of the Franchisee Indemnified Parties or any such claim, 
cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, investigation, and/or hearing in which any of the Franchisee 
Indemnified Parties is named as a party, including, without limitation, reasonable accountant fees, attorney 
fees, and expert witness fees, court costs, deposition fees, travel expenses and other litigation expenses 
provided Franchisee immediately notifies Franchisor of such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, 
proceeding, investigation or hearing. Franchisor agrees that the terms of this Article 10.C. shall survive the 
termination, expiration or Transfer of this Agreement.  
 
