 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
3 
in existence and those that may later be adopted. You should consult with your attorney concerning these and other 
local laws, rules and regulations that may affect the operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
Licensure and Record Keeping 
You must obtain and maintain any health care or employment related permits, licenses, accreditations, certifications 
or other indications of authority necessary for the operation of your Franchised Business, including, for example, a 
home health agency license, home health aid license, nurse staffing and/or medication management licensing 
compliance. You may be required to register as a home health agency, nurse staffing and/or employment agency 
and to comply with the screening requirements of health care  and other workers. State licensing, certification and 
registration statutes may require a minimum level of education or related work experience and/or the payment of a 
fee in order to obtain a license. You cannot provide nursing services, skilled or otherwise without complying with 
the Nurse Practices Act. The Nurses Practices Act varies by state and may include requirements regarding licensing, 
educational program standards, and supervision by a physician. Some jurisdictions may also require a Certificate 
of Need. Some states have imposed a moratorium on the issuance of home health agency licenses, nurse staffing 
licenses and other in-home healthcare licenses or permits. In addition to obtaining business licenses, your staff may 
also need to be licensed, registered, or certified to perform certain services. Individuals performing services for your 
Franchised Business must be licensed, registered, certified and/or accredited as may be required pursuant to the 
laws in the jurisdiction where the Franchised Business is operated. You may also be required to have a full-time 
registered nurse to comply with the regulations in your state governing nursing agencies and/or home health 
agencies and to provide services through licensed individuals. Some states may also have specific record-keeping 
or other requirements for health care provides.  
 
Anti-Kickback Laws 
Certain provisions of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the “Anti-Kickback Act,” prohibit the offer, 
payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration either in return for the referral of patients or patient 
care opportunities paid in whole or in part by a federal health care program, including the United States Department 
of Veterans Affairs (the “VA”) or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items 
or services paid in whole or in part by a federal health care program, including VA benefits. The Anti-Kickback 
Act is broad in scope and has been broadly interpreted by courts in many jurisdictions. The Anti-Kickback Act 
prohibits many business courtesies and arrangements that are common outside of the health care industry.  
 
Additionally, a number of states have enacted laws which prohibit payment for referrals and other types of 
“kickback” arrangements. These state laws sometimes apply to all patients regardless of the insurance coverage. 
 
Other Federal Regulations 
There are a number of federal laws prohibiting certain activities and arrangements relating to services or items that 
are reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid. While Medicare and Medicaid laws may not apply to your Franchised 
Business, these laws may apply to those facilities, including laws prohibiting Medicare or Medicaid participating 
facilities, from employing providers excluded from those programs. If a practitioner is an excluded provider from 
Medicare or Medicaid, he or she will be prohibited from receiving payment from that facility.  
 
To the extent your Franchised Business accepts reimbursement directly from the VA, it will be required to satisfy 
the applicable regulatory requirements the VA imposes on its vendors, including but not limited to the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations and various VA contract requirements. The False Claims Act imposes civil liability on 
persons or corporations, which submit or cause to be submitted false or fraudulent claims for payment to the 
government. A violation of the False Claims Act may result in liability for fines, treble damages, attorneys’ fees 
and exclusion from federal health care programs. 
We require all of our franchisees to be compliant with the portions of the Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) which require health care providers to submit transactions related to payment in 
standard electronic formats and regulate the security and privacy of health data, and HIPAA’s implementing 
regulations, including the HIPAA Privacy Rule, HIPAA Breach Notification Rule, HIPAA Security Rule, HITECH 
Act, and Omnibus Rule. Under HIPAA’s privacy and security regulations, you must implement privacy and security 
