 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
18 
Article 4). Major subjects contained in the operations manual consist of establishing, developing, marketing and 
operating the Franchised Business; 
 
4. Approved Suppliers and Distributors – We will provide you with a list of our approved suppliers and distributors, 
to the extent that we have designated them, either as part of the Manuals or otherwise in writing. (Franchise 
Agreement, Articles 3, 4, and 7.F.); 
 
5. Signs, Equipment, Furniture, and Fixtures – We will provide you with a list of our approved signage, equipment, 
furniture and fixtures, to the extent that we have designated them, either as part of the Manuals or otherwise in 
writing and we will review and approve, in our discretion, your proposed signage, equipment, furniture and fixtures. 
We do not provide assistance in delivering or installing signs, equipment, furniture or fixtures. (Franchise 
Agreement, Articles 3 and 4); 
 
6. Website and Digital Media – We will identify and locate your Home Halo Agency on our website. We strictly 
control how you may or may not use websites and digital media and you must assign all website media and digital 
media accounts to us. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 3.G. and 9); and 
 
7. Initial Training – Not less than 45 days prior to the opening of your Home Halo Agency you or your Managing 
Owner and one management level employee or Owner must attend and complete our initial training program. We 
will provide you (and up to one of your designated managers) with training in accordance with our initial training 
program. (Franchise Agreement, Article 4). Our current training program is to be attended by you, or if you are a 
Corporate Entity, your Managing Owner and one Operating Manager at our training facility located in Greenwood 
Village, Colorado, virtually, and on-site in your Territory. The training program takes place over a period of 
approximately 10 to 16 weeks and is described below in this Item 11 in more detail. With the exception of in-person 
training that takes place at our headquarters in Greenwood Village, Colorado, training may not take place over 
consecutive days. 
 
Site Selection 
Your Home Halo Agency must be managed from a facility that supports the administrative management and day-
to-day operations of the Franchised Business, including maintaining supplies, managing employees, meeting with 
customers and conducting interviews and other employment related functions. Subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, and if we approve in writing, you may administratively operate your Home Halo Agency from a home 
based office. We reserve the right to approve your request to operate your Home Halo Agency from a home based 
office in our sole discretion. We do not typically own or lease the real property that will serve as your Administrative 
Office and you are responsible for all costs and expenses in locating and evaluating proposed sites for your 
Administrative Office. We will provide you with site selection guidelines. Before you enter into a lease or other 
agreement for your Administrative Office you must obtain our approval. Your Administrative Office must be 
located within your Operating Territory at a site that we approve. Within 60 days of signing your Franchise 
Agreement you must secure an Administrative Office location and lease that we approve. If you do not meet this 
requirement for any reason, including our disapproval of a proposed Administrative Office location and/or your 
failure to find a suitable Administrative Office location that we approve during the 60 day period, we may terminate 
your Franchise Agreement without refunding any fees to you if you do not cure this default within 30 days of notice 
from us.  
 
Within 30 days of our written receipt and submission of all information and documentation that we may request, 
we will respond to your proposed request for our approval or disapproval of the proposed location of your 
Administrative Office. Factors taken into consideration include characteristics of the proposed site, whether or not 
the proposed site meets our criteria for Administrative Offices, and the location of your proposed site relative to 
your overall Operating Territory and proximity to other franchisee operating territories.  
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
