 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
41 
11.D. DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF LICENSED MARKS 
Franchisee agrees that at any time should Franchisor determine, in Franchisor’s sole discretion and based 
on Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, that it is advisable for Franchisor, the System, and/or 
Franchisee to replace, modify, substitute, and/or discontinue use of any Licensed Marks, then Franchisee 
shall comply with Franchisor’s determination and instructions as to the replacement, modification, 
substitution, and/or discontinuance of such Licensed Marks.  Franchisee shall comply within the foregoing 
requirements within a reasonable time period after notice by Franchisor. If Franchisee is required to take 
action pursuant to instruction by Franchisor pursuant to this Article 11.D. or, if Franchisee is otherwise 
required to replace, modify, substitute, and/or discontinue use of any Licensed Marks, the sole liability and 
obligation of Franchisor to Franchisee shall be to reimburse Franchisee for the reasonable and direct costs 
incurred by Franchisee in complying with this obligation, which Franchisee shall document to the 
satisfaction of Franchisor. Franchisor maintains the exclusive right, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, to, in whole or in part, replace, modify, substitute and/or discontinue any and all features and/or 
components of the Licensed Marks and/or the System at any time. 
 
11.E. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF FRANCHISEE 
If Franchisee is sued in a legal proceeding or is threatened with legal action and/or a notice of infringement 
by a third party where the claims and/or causes of action directly relate to a third party claiming trademark 
infringement, unfair competition, and/or trademark dilution as a result of Franchisee’s use of the Licensed 
Marks in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the System (the “IP Claim”), then Franchisor 
shall indemnify Franchisee for the reasonable and direct costs incurred by Franchisee and/or a judgment 
entered against Franchisee, provided: (a) Franchisee immediately notified Franchisor of the IP Claim by a 
written notice sent to Franchisor via priority overnight courier; (b) Franchisee provided and afforded 
Franchisor the absolute opportunity and right to defend against the IP Claim and to select and appoint legal 
counsel of Franchisor’s choosing; and (c) Franchisee utilized the Licensed Marks in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement and the System. Franchisee agrees that time is of the essence with respect to 
notifying Franchisor of the IP Claim in accordance with this Agreement, including this Article 11.E.  
 
11.F. 
OWNERSHIP OF INNOVATIONS, IMPROVEMENTS AND INFORMATION 
Franchisee agrees that with regard to the Franchised Business, all customer lists, including the contents and 
information contained in all customer lists, constitute Confidential Information and an asset of Franchisor 
whether or not such information was supplied by Franchisor. During the Term, and in connection with the 
development, establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of the Franchised Business, Franchisee 
shall disclose to Franchisor all of Franchisee’s ideas, concepts, methods, and products conceived or 
developed by Franchisee, any Owner, and/or Franchisee’s affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, 
partners, agents, members, representatives, independent contractors, servants and employees relating to the 
development and operation of Home Halo Agencies and the System. Franchisee hereby assigns to 
Franchisor, and Franchisee agrees to procure an assignment of any such ideas, concepts, methods, and 
products that Franchisee is required to disclose to Franchisor under this Article 11.F. from each Owner and 
Franchisee’s affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, partners, agents, members, representatives, 
independent contractors, servants and employees. Franchisor shall have no obligation to tender any lump 
sum payment, on-going payments, or any other consideration to Franchisee, any Owner, each Owner and 
Franchisee’s affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, partners, agents, members, representatives, 
independent contractors, servants and employees with respect to any such idea, concept, method, technique 
or product. Franchisee agrees that Franchisee shall not use, or allow any other person or entity to use, any 
such concept, method, technique, or product without obtaining Franchisor’s prior written approval.  
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
