 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
10 
Note 10: Customer Services and Refunds – This fee will be based on the costs incurred by us, including refunds 
and/or credits that we may undertake on behalf of a customer that was not satisfied with the services or products 
provided by the Franchised Business. You must guarantee your services to your customers. If we determine that 
your customer is entitled to reimbursement of fees paid to you, we may reimburse your customer directly. You must 
reimburse us for the amounts that we reimburse your customer. You must also participate in any warranty insurance 
programs that we designate. 
 
Note 11: Annual Conference Attendance Fee – If we offer a franchisee annual conference in a given year you will 
be required to attend the conference on the dates and at the location that we designate. You will be responsible for 
all travel and lodging expenses. We may charge you an annual conference fee in an amount not exceeding $1,000, 
per attendee (the “Annual Conference Attendance Fee”). We reserve the right to charge the Annual Conference 
Attendance Fee to those franchisees that do not attend. We will not require your attendance at an annual conference 
for more than five days during any calendar year. 
 
Note 12: Non-Compliance Fee: Customer Reviews – You must subscribe to and participate in the customer review 
tracking and reputation management services and providers that we designate. If your customer review or customer 
satisfaction ratings, as measured across the review platforms that we designate, go below 4.5 stars out of 5 stars 
and/or a 90% positive satisfaction rating, then you must pay to us a customer review non-compliance fee of $250 
for each and every month of non-compliance. If a condition of non-compliance occurs for more than three months, 
then we may increase this non-compliance fee to a monthly fee of not more than $750 per month. 
 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT  
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
A. Single Territory 
 
Type of Expenditure 
 
Amount 
 
Method of 
Payment 
 
When Due 
To Whom  
Payment is Made 
Initial Franchise Fee  
(Note 1) 
 
$49,000 
 
Lump sum 
When Franchise 
Agreement is signed 
Us 
Construction and Leasehold 
Improvements (Note 2) 
 
$0 – $5,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Contractors, suppliers, 
and/or landlord 
Office Lease Payments    
(Note 3) 
 
$0 – $4,800 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Landlord 
Furniture, Fixtures and 
Equipment (Note 4) 
 
$0 – $2,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Initial Supplies (Note 5) 
 
$200 – $1,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Computer, Software, and 
Business Management 
System (Note 6) 
$500 – $3,000 
 
 
 
 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Start-up Marketing (Note 7) 
 
$1,000 – $5,000 
 
 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
