 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
3 
there is no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, you agree that any violation of these covenants will entitle 
us or our Franchisor, Home Halo Franchising, LLC, to injunctive relief. You agree that we and/or our 
Franchisor, Home Halo Franchising, LLC, may apply for such injunctive relief, without bond, but upon due 
notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy 
of yours, in the event of the entry of such injunction, will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, 
upon a hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction 
being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, you agree that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000. None of the remedies available to 
us under this Article are exclusive of any other, but may be combined with others under this Agreement, or 
at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance and recovery of monetary damages. 
 
7. Miscellaneous. 
 
(a) If we hire an attorney or file suit against you because you have breached this Agreement and if we 
prevail in such lawsuit, you agree to pay the reasonable attorney fees and costs that we incur.  
(b) Each section of this Agreement, including each subsection and portion thereof, is severable. In the 
event that any section, subsection or portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not affect the 
enforceability of any other section, subsection or portion; and each party to this Agreement agrees that 
the court may impose such limitations on the terms of this Agreement as it deems in its discretion 
necessary to make such terms reasonable in scope, duration and geographic area.  
(c) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS NOT AN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT. 
(d) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OUR FRANCHISOR, HOME HALO 
FRANCHISING, LLC, IS NOT A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BUT IS AN INTENDED 
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OF THIS AGREEMENT.  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of the date or dates 
set forth below. 
 
 
 
Individual Signature of Restricted Party 
 
 
 
 
Individual Signature of Restricted Party 
 
 
 
Name (please print) 
 
 
Name (please print) 
 
Date:  
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
