 
 
Home Halo. Multi-State FDD January 29, 2025 
 
40 
ARTICLE 11 
LICENSED MARKS AND SYSTEM 
 
11.A. OWNERSHIP AND GOODWILL 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Marks, 
the System, Web Based Media, Published Content and the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks 
and the System. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, Franchisee agrees that 
Franchisee possesses no interest or right, whatsoever, in or to the Licensed Marks, the System, Web Based 
Media, Published Content and the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and the System, and 
Franchisee’s right to use the Licensed Marks and the System is derived solely from this Agreement. Any 
unauthorized use of the Licensed Marks and/or the System by Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s affiliates 
shall constitute an infringement of the rights of Franchisor in and to the Licensed Marks and/or the System. 
Franchisee agrees that all usage of the Licensed Marks and/or the System by Franchisee, and all goodwill 
associated with the Licensed Marks and System, shall exclusively benefit Franchisor without granting any 
goodwill interests or rights to Franchisee except for Franchisee’s non-exclusive interest and limited right 
to use the Licensed Marks and the System in the operation of the Franchised Business, subject to the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement. Franchisee shall not, at any time during the Term or after the expiration, 
termination or Transfer of this Agreement, contest the validity or ownership of the Licensed Marks, the 
System, Web Based Media, Published Content, and/or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks 
and the System, and at no time shall Franchisee assist any other person in contesting the validity or 
ownership of the Licensed Marks, the System, Web Based Media, Published Content, and/or the goodwill 
associated with the Licensed Marks and the System. Franchisee and each Owner shall not take any action 
that prejudices or interferes with the validity of Franchisor’s rights with respect to Licensed Marks, the 
System, Web Based Media, Published Content, and/or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks 
and the System.  
 
11.B. 
USE OF THE LICENSED MARKS  
Franchisee agrees that the Licensed Marks shall be the sole identification of the Franchised Business. 
Franchisee must operate, advertise and market the Franchised Business only under the Licensed Marks as 
designated and specified by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisee shall 
not use the Licensed Marks as part of its corporate or other legal name, and Franchisee shall not use the 
Licensed Marks with modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols, or in any modified form. Franchisee 
shall comply with Franchisor’s instructions in filing and maintaining their requisite trade name or fictitious 
name registrations as may be required by applicable law.  
 
11.C. NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENT AND CLAIMS 
Franchisee must notify Franchisor immediately in writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to 
Franchisee’s use of any Licensed Mark, the System, or claim by any person of any rights in any Licensed 
Mark, System feature or component or any similar trade name, trademark or service mark of which 
Franchisee becomes aware. Franchisee must not communicate with any person other than Franchisor and 
its counsel in connection with any infringement, challenge or claim. Franchisor and/or its licensor has sole 
discretion to take any action it deems appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation or 
administrative proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any 
Licensed Mark. Franchisee agrees to execute all documents, render assistance and take all actions as may 
be necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the interests of Franchisor and/or its licensor in any 
litigation or other administrative proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain the interests of Franchisor 
and/or its licensor in the Licensed Marks. Franchisor will reimburse Franchisee for reasonable direct 
expenses incurred by Franchisee in assisting Franchisor in any such litigation or administrative proceeding.  
 
