 
 
67 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
and until they have been approved by us. Minor redecoration and minor structural changes that 
comply with our standards and specifications will not be considered significant. 
We may require your Hotel to offer products, services, and amenities such as food service and 
other concessions, parking facilities, guest laundry, and housekeeping services. As described in 
Item 8, we may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those 
companies’ branded products or services, and we may require or permit your Hotel to participate 
in those promotional programs. We may also require or permit your Hotel to accept guests with 
pets, and provide amenities, products, or services related to those pets. The types and quality of 
the products, services, and amenities that your Hotel offers, and any related charges that you 
assess guests, must comply with our Standards.  
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade your Hotel’s furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then current standards and specifications 
specified in the Manual. These standards will benefit the System as a whole. You must make 
these changes at your sole cost and expense. You must also maintain acceptable product quality 
ratings at your Hotel and maintain the hotel in accordance with the Standards. We may make 
limited exceptions from some of those Standards based on local conditions or special 
circumstances, but we are not required to do so.  
There is no limit on our right to make changes to the System. We make changes to the System 
based on our assessment of the long-term best interests of System Hotels, considering the 
interest of the System overall. You must comply with all changes we adopt. We may require that 
you purchase particular models or brands of merchandise for resale to be sold from the hotel from 
us or from a source we designate.  
You must participate in and use the Reservation Service, including any additions, enhancements, 
supplements or variants which we or our affiliates develop or adopt. You must honor and give first 
priority on available rooms to all confirmed reservations referred to your Hotel through the 
Reservation Service. The Reservation Service is the only reservation service or system you may 
use for outgoing reservations referred by or from your Hotel to other hotels or other reservations 
services we or our affiliates designate. 
You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, all guest frequency programs we or Hilton 
require, including the Hilton Honors Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor 
programs. You must also honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any 
frequent guest program) that we or Hilton Worldwide offer to the public on your behalf, any room 
rate quoted to any guest when the guest makes an advance reservation, and any award guest 
certificates issued to hotel guests participating in these programs. You may not charge any 
Mandatory Guest Fee without our consent, in accordance with the Standards and subject to our 
requirements for granting consent.   
We periodically adopt programs whereby our Systems and the systems of our affiliates, promote 
each other. Currently, under a program we refer to as “cross-selling,” if a customer calls our 
Reservations Service Center and we are unable to find suitable accommodations in any hotel in 
the System (and the customer would otherwise terminate the phone call), we will try to find 
suitable accommodations with System Hotels (or that of our affiliate). We may implement a 
common platform for the reservation programs of our various hotel systems, so that we can cross-
sell the hotels of all our systems (and those of our affiliates). 
