 
 
52 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
safety. For cyber security, disability awareness, human trafficking prevention, diversity and 
inclusion, and unconscious bias, we offer training at no cost. Alternatively, you may choose to 
obtain this training from a vendor of your choice, in which case the cost would be agreed between 
you and the vendor. For the compliance topics of harassment prevention and health and safety, 
we do not offer training, but will provide vendor recommendations upon request. We estimate 
vendor fees would typically cost $25 to $50 per person, per topic, for this training. 
 
9. 
Pre-Opening Training Resources. Your Hotel is provided unlimited access to brand 
hospitality tools and resources including intro webinars and team member workshops.  Currently 
there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
10. 
Owner Orientation.  Owner orientation is required for all first-time franchisees or 
management company representatives before beginning construction. Either you or the person 
you designate to supervise your general manager must participate. If a Change of Ownership 
takes place and the new Franchisee is a first-time Brand Franchisee, they must attend this 
program within 180 days of the transfer. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training.   
 
11. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education.  This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We 
encourage you to complete this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select, and all fees are paid directly to the 
vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training. Currently, 
the maximum out of pocket cost for this program is $2,500 per participant. 
 
12. 
Brand Learning Programs.  This training is mandatory for all of your Hotel staff. It is 
conducted by the persons you designate to provide training periodically at your Hotel. It includes 
topics such as: New Employee Orientation and Culture Training (to be completed within 14 days 
of their start date), Hospitality Training (to be completed within 60 days of their start date) and 
Role Assigned Certification (to be completed within 45 days of their start date). The amount of 
required training varies by role or function. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training.  It 
is included in the Pre-Opening Training Resources. 
 
13. 
Industry Education.  This training is mandatory for Brand hotel owners.  It is comprised 
of a series of courses from external education providers designed to help strengthen 
competencies in hospitality, asset, sales, revenue and quality management.  These courses must 
be completed before opening or in connection with a Change of Ownership. Currently, there is no 
separate fee for this training. 
 
14. 
RISE Support. Your general manager must complete this training within 14 days of their 
start date. This training provides an overview of the RISE program, outlining the services it offers, 
key responsibilities, and how the RISE team collaborates with hotel teams. There is currently no 
additional fee for this training. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
