 
 
35 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
notice requirements we specify in the Manual.  Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of 
location, size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
15. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
16. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which your Hotel is located. 
17. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting any specific existing hotel. 
18. 
“Contingencies” means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses.  You should assume it will be at least 10% of the construction or renovation costs. 
Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate contingencies for 
any particular Conversion hotel.   
19. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
20. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
21. 
We have relied on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in the lodging business to compile 
these estimates. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making 
any decision to purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in these charts are for typical New 
Development and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown. In a Conversion, your costs will 
depend on the type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, physical structure, and quality of 
furnishing. Because there are so many variables involving any particular existing hotel, we are 
unable to provide an estimate of costs. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, renovate, design, furnish, equip, and supply their hotels in accordance 
with the Standards as compiled in our Brand Standards Manual ("Manual"). We regularly review, 
modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may periodically modify and update 
Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in technology, improved methods of 
manufacture, new materials structures and decor, new products, improved prices and other 
factors. We currently issue, modify and update specifications in the form of updates to the Manual.  
