{00264795-17} 
29 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
13.2.13 any Guarantor breaches its guaranty to us; 
 
13.2.14 a threat or danger to public health or safety results from the construction, 
maintenance, or operation of the Hotel; 
 
13.2.15 you, your Affiliate or a Guarantor become a Competitor, except as otherwise 
permitted by Subsection 5.1.28; or 
 
13.2.16 any of Your Hotel Agreements is terminated based on a breach or default by you 
or your Affiliates.   
 
13.3 
Interim Remedies.  If we send you a written notice that you are in default of this 
Agreement, we may elect to impose an Interim Remedy, including the suspension of our obligations under 
this Agreement and/or our or our Affiliates’ obligations under Your Hotel Agreements.   
 
13.3.1 We may suspend the Hotel from the Reservation Service and any reservation 
and/or website services provided through or by us. We may remove the listing of the Hotel from any 
directories or advertising we publish. If we suspend the Hotel from the Reservation Service, we may divert 
reservations previously made for the Hotel to other System Hotels or Network Hotels.  
 
13.3.2 We may disable all or any part of the software provided to you under Your Hotel 
Agreements and/or may suspend any one or more of the information technology and/or network services 
that we provide or support under Your Hotel Agreements. We may charge you for costs related to 
suspending or disabling your right to use any software systems or technology we provided to you, together 
with intervention or administration fees as set forth in the Standards. 
 
13.3.3 We may revoke any financial accommodations (including but not limited to any 
Monthly Fee discounts, fee ramps or fee waivers) that we have granted and charge you the then-current 
standard fee or charge that would have otherwise applied absent the temporary financial accommodation. 
 
13.3.4 You agree that our exercise of the right to Interim Remedies will not result in actual 
or constructive termination or abandonment of this Agreement, and that our right to Interim Remedies is in 
addition to, and apart from, any other right or remedy we may have in this Agreement. If we exercise the 
right to Interim Remedies, the exercise will not be a waiver of any breach by you of any term, covenant or 
condition of this Agreement. You will not be entitled to any compensation, including repayment, 
reimbursement, refund or offsets, for any fees, charges, expenses or losses you may directly or indirectly 
incur by reason of our exercise and/or withdrawal of any Interim Remedy.   
 
[SELECT THE APPROPRIATE SUBPARAGRAPH 13.4; DELETE ALL HIGHLIGHTED LANGUAGE 
AND UPDATE TABLE OF CONTENTS] 
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT OL: 
 
13.4 
Liquidated Damages on Termination. 
 
13.4.1 Calculation of Liquidated Damages. You acknowledge and agree that the 
premature termination of this Agreement will cause substantial damage to us. You agree that Liquidated 
Damages are not a penalty, but represent a reasonable estimate of the minimum just and fair compensation 
for the damages we will suffer as the result of your failure to operate the Hotel for the Term. If this Agreement 
terminates before the Expiration Date, you will pay us Liquidated Damages as follows: 
 
13.4.1.1 
[DELETE IF COO/RL and insert: INTENTIONALLY DELETED] If 
termination occurs before you begin the Hotel Work, and you or any Guarantor (or your or any Guarantor’s 
Affiliates) directly or indirectly, enter into a franchise, license, management, lease and/or other similar 
