{00264795-17} 
5 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
“Construction Commencement Date” means the date set out in the Addendum, if applicable, by which 
you must commence construction of the Hotel.  For the Hotel to be considered under construction, you 
must have begun to pour concrete foundations for the Hotel or otherwise satisfied any site-specific criteria 
for “under construction” set out in the Addendum. 
 
“Construction Work” means all necessary action for the development, construction, renovation, furnishing, 
equipping and implementation of the Plans and Designs for the Hotel. 
 
“Construction Work Completion Date” means the date set out in the Addendum, if applicable, by which 
you must complete construction of the Hotel. 
 
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of an entity, or of the power to veto major policy decisions of an entity, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. 
 
“Controlling Affiliate” means an Affiliate that directly or indirectly Controls the Hotel and/or Controls the 
entity that Controls the Hotel. 
 
“Designs” means your plans, layouts, specifications, drawings and designs for the proposed furnishings, 
fixtures, equipment, signs and décor of the Hotel that use and incorporate the Standards. 
 
“Effective Date” means the date set out in the Addendum on which this Agreement becomes effective. 
 
“Equity Interest” means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest in the Franchisee, the Hotel and/or 
the Hotel Site.   
 
“Equity Owner” means the direct or indirect owner of an Equity Interest.   
 
“Expiration Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 3. 
  
“Force Majeure” means an event causing a delay in our or your performance that is not the fault of or within 
the reasonable control of the Party claiming Force Majeure. Force Majeure includes fire, floods, natural 
disasters, Acts of God, war, civil commotion, terrorist acts, any governmental act or regulation beyond such 
Party’s reasonable control. Force Majeure does not include your financial inability to perform, inability to 
obtain financing, inability to obtain permits, licenses, zoning variances or any other similar events unique 
to you, or the Hotel, or to general economic downturn or conditions.   
 
“Government” or “Government Entity” means any: (i) agency, instrumentality, subdivision or other body 
of any national, regional, local or other government; (ii) commercial or similar entities owned or controlled 
by such government, including any state-owned and state-operated companies; (iii) political party; and 
(iv) public international organization. 
 
“Government Official” means: (i) officers and employees of any Government; (ii) officers and employees 
of companies in which a Government owns an interest; (iii) any private person acting in an official capacity 
for or on behalf of any Government or Government Entity (such as a consultant retained by a government 
agency); (iv) candidates for political office at any level; (v) political parties and their officials; (vi) officers, 
employees, or official representatives of public (quasi-governmental) international organizations (such as 
the United Nations, World Bank, or International Monetary Fund). 
 
[INSERT FOR HFS: “Gross Food and Beverage Revenue” means all revenues (including credit 
transactions whether or not collected) derived from food and beverage-related operations of the Hotel and 
associated facilities, and all banquet, reception and meeting room rentals, including all restaurants (unless 
leased to third-party operators), dining, bar, lounge and retail food and beverage services, at the actual 
rates charged, less allowances for any rebates and overcharges, and excluding any sales, hotel, 
entertainment or similar taxes collected from patrons or guests. 
 
