 
 
40 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8.  
Construction and Renovation 
Before we permit you to proceed with the plans for the construction or renovation of your Hotel, 
and any time you make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or 
other applicable certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications 
comply with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities, as further described in the 
Manual.  If requested, you must arrange for us and/or our affiliates to participate in all progress 
meetings during the development and construction of the hotel, to have access to all contract and 
construction documents for the hotel and to have access to the hotel during reasonable business 
hours to inspect the hotel and its construction, completion, furnishing and equipment for 
conformity to the finally-approved construction documents. However, we and our affiliates have 
no obligation to participate in progress meetings or to inspect the hotel. Our approval is not a 
representation of the adequacy of the plans and specifications, the structural integrity, or the 
sufficiency of the mechanical and electrical systems for the hotel. When you begin construction 
or conversion of the hotel and before your Hotel opens for business, both you and your architect 
or general contractor must provide us with a certificate stating that the plans and as-built premises 
comply with all applicable legal requirements relating to accessibility for those with disabilities, as 
is further described in the Manual.  We may choose not to approve your opening if your Hotel is 
not compliant with the ADA. 
We currently estimate that the required purchases described above represent 15% to 20% of the 
cost to establish a new System Hotel and about 2% to 5% of operating expenses. 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement and any term extensions, we may require you to 
make periodic additional expenditures and investments to update and maintain your Hotel in 
accordance with the System Standards, to comply with any applicable renovation schedule 
(including any FRCM renovation), and to remove any deficiencies in your Hotel's operations. 
Occasionally we may offer optional incentive programs with respect to the design, development, 
construction, renovation, or maintenance of your Hotel. These programs may be offered in 
connection with certain manufacturers, suppliers, or vendors of products and services and may 
involve additional fees, costs or expenses.  We may offer these programs to all Network, System, 
or Brand hotels or any subset of them based on their characteristics.  You are not required to 
participate in these optional programs.  If you choose to do so, you may need to sign one or more 
agreements to participate.  Because each program would be designed for its own purpose, we 
cannot determine in advance the key terms of the program or the documentation that would be 
required. Each program and its documentation would be determined at the time it is offered. 
Except as stated above, we do not negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers for the benefit 
of franchisees. There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.  We provide you with no 
material benefits (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) based on your use 
of designated or permitted sources (the Franchise Agreement is non-renewable). Except as 
described above, we presently receive no payments, discounts, rebates, credits or commissions 
from any supplier or Brand Package procurement agency based on your purchases from that 
supplier or agency. 
 
