{00264795-17} 
7 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
relating to the computerized reservation, revenue management, property management, and other systems 
we provide or require, or otherwise related to the Hotel. Information includes, but is not limited to, 
Operational Information, Proprietary Information, and Personal Information. 
 
“Interim Remedy” has the meaning set forth in Subsection 13.3. 
 
“Laws” means all public laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, certificates, 
authorizations, directions and requirements of all Governments and Government Entities having jurisdiction 
over the Hotel, Hotel Site or over Franchisee to operate the Hotel, which, now or hereafter, may apply to 
the construction, renovation, completion, equipping, opening and operation of the Hotel, including Title III 
of the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. § 12181, et seq., and 28 C.F.R. Part 36. 
 
“License” has the meaning set forth in Subsection 2.1.  
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT OL: “Liquidated Damages” has the meaning set forth in 
Subsections 6.4.4 and 13.4. [SELECT FOR OL: “Liquidated Damages” has the meaning set forth in 
Subsection 6.4.4. 
 
“Management Company” has the meaning set forth in Subsection 7.1. 
 
“Mandatory Guest Fee” means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition to the 
base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, destination fees, 
amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest Fees do not include 
employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax-like fees and assessments that are levied 
on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a third party (such as tourism public improvement 
district fees, tourism or improvement assessments, and convention center fees). 
 
“Manual” means all written compilations of the Standards. The Manual may take the form of one or more 
of the following:  one or more loose-leaf or bound volumes; bulletins; notices; videos; CD-ROMS and/or 
other electronic media; online postings; e-mail and/or electronic communications; facsimiles; or any other 
medium capable of conveying the Manual’s contents. 
 
“Marks” means the Brand and all other business names, copyrights, designs, distinguishing characteristics, 
domain names, emblems, insignia, logos, slogans, service marks, symbols, trademarks, trade dress and 
trade names (whether registered or unregistered) used in the System. 
 
“Monthly Fees” means, collectively, [INSERT FOR HFS: the Monthly Food and Beverage Fee; the Monthly 
Program Fee and the Monthly Royalty Fee. 
 
[INSERT FOR HFS: “Monthly Food and Beverage Fee” means the fee we require from you in Subsection 
8.1, which is set forth in the Addendum. 
 
“Monthly Program Fee” means the fee we require from you in Subsection 8.1, which is set forth in the 
Addendum. 
 
“Monthly Royalty Fee” means the fee we require from you in Subsection 8.1, which is set forth in the 
Addendum. 
 
“Network” means the elements, including know-how, that we or our Affiliates designate to distinguish the 
hotels, inns, conference centers, timeshare or residential properties and other hospitality-related 
businesses that Hilton Worldwide and/or its subsidiaries own, control, license, lease, operate or manage 
now or in the future. 
“Network Hotel” means any hotel, inn, conference center, timeshare or residential property or other 
hospitality-related business within the Network. 
 
