1 
 
ADYEN MERCHANT AGREEMENT MATERIAL TERMS 
Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) is Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.’s (“Hilton”) preferred provider of payment 
processing services, payment routing, fraud control, reconciliation, reporting, settlement, and related 
services (collectively, “Payments Services”). The Payments Services enable Hilton franchisees 
(“Franchisees”) to accept in-person debit and credit card payment transactions at the point-of-sale (“POS”) 
and debit and credit card-not-present transactions (e.g., online and telephone-based sales). To receive the 
Payments Services, Franchisees must enter into a Licensee Merchant Agreement (“Merchant 
Agreement”) with Adyen, which includes the following key provisions. Capitalized terms used below but 
not otherwise defined in this document have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merchant Agreement 
and the underlying agreement between and Adyen and Hilton.    
1. Adyen will process payments related to Franchisee’s hospitality business. Pricing for the Payments 
Services will be as described in the Merchant Agreement.  Adyen will invoice Franchisee monthly for 
Payments Services rendered.   
2. Adyen will settle to Franchisee’s designated bank account funds received for Transactions, less any 
fees and other amounts due to Adyen, typically within 1-2 Business Days of receiving the settlement 
funds. By default, Transactions will settle in the same currency used to fund the Transaction. If a 
Franchisee requests a currency conversion to settle funds in a different currency, Adyen will charge 
additional fees for the conversion. 
3. Amounts due or credited are added to or subtracted from the next settlement to Franchisee.  Any 
amounts owed by Franchisee to Adyen may be set off against or withheld from settlement amounts 
owed to Franchisee. Adyen may require immediate payment of any Chargebacks, Refunds, Fines 
(imposed by credit card companies), and other undisputed charges or amounts due by Franchisee.  
4. Adyen may require Franchisee to fund a Deposit (i.e., reserve account) to secure Franchisee’s payment 
obligations under the Merchant Agreement (e.g., Chargebacks, Refunds, Fines, etc.). Adyen may also 
fund the Deposit by deducting amounts required to meet the Deposit level from settlement funds owed 
to a Franchisee. Currently, the Deposit level is set at $0. 
5. If Adyen suspects a Transaction to be the result of fraud or other illegal activities, Adyen may withhold 
settlement funds from Franchisee, pending completion of an investigation.   
6. For POS transactions, Franchisee must use Payment Terminals approved by Adyen. At Franchisee’s 
request, Adyen will install Payment Terminals at Franchisee’s location(s). Franchisee is responsible for 
taking certain steps to prepare for any such installation.    
7. Franchisee is responsible and liable for the amounts of any Chargebacks claimed with respect to its 
Transactions. Adyen will charge a non-refundable Chargeback Fee in connection with each 
Chargeback, and Franchisee is not entitled to refunds of fees paid in connection with a Transaction 
that resulted in a Chargeback. An excessive level of Chargebacks may subject Franchisee to a 
suspension of the Payments Services or an increase in the Deposit level. 
8. Refunds will be processed as separate Transactions to which standard fees will apply, and Adyen may 
charge an additional Refund Fee for each Refund. Franchisee is not entitled to refunds of any fees paid 
in connection with a Transaction that resulted in a Refund.  
9. Franchisee must maintain compliance with the applicable Payment Card Industry Data Security 
Standards (“PCI DSS”). Transaction processing may be suspended if Franchisee is non-compliant with 
the applicable PCI DSS rules or if Adyen has reason to believe that Franchisee is mishandling payment 
details. 
