 
 
66 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Brand, irrespective of the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised by the Competitor under 
such Competing Brand. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a 
franchisee of a Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand hotel, so long as the individual 
or entity is not the exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) owns a minority interest in 
a Competing Brand, so long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its affiliates is an officer, 
director, or employee of the Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, control 
over the business decisions of the Competing Brand. A “Competing Brand” means a hotel brand 
or trade name that, in our sole business judgment, competes with the System or any Network 
Hotel.   
After a review of the financial information submitted with your Application and the proposed 
ownership of the Hotel and real property, we determine guaranty requirements. Each required 
guarantor, who may include the spouse of an owner of the Hotel or the franchisee, must sign a 
Guaranty, by which the guarantor assumes and agrees to discharge certain of the Franchisee's 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement. In addition, we may require you to provide a Guaranty 
from a third party acceptable to us as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan 
related to the Hotel or as a condition to our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals 
may obtain. Such loans may include those in which the Hotel loan will be cross-collateralized 
and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the 
direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice of default, we may also require you to 
provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering all of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
We do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom you may sell goods or services. 
However, because LivSmart Studios by Hilton is an extended-stay hotel Brand, we may place 
restrictions on the minimum length of stay that is required for reservations (and exceptions from 
those restrictions) and implement other Standards related to guest room inventory management.   
In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and levels of services, 
amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted, or offered at or in connection with 
the hotel. You must comply with our requirements regarding supplies, including our specifications 
for all supplies and our policies regarding suppliers from whom you purchase supplies. High 
standards are the essence of the System we license to you.  
You must operate your Hotel 24 hours a day every day, except as we may otherwise permit based 
on special circumstances. You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip your Hotel in a clean, 
safe and orderly manner and in first-class condition under the provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement and the Standards, and in compliance with all applicable local, state, and federal laws, 
customs and regulations, including maintaining and conducting your business using sound 
business and financial practices. You must adopt, use and comply with the Standards, and keep 
your Manual current at all times. You must also provide efficient, courteous and high-quality 
service to the public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms set forth in the Addendum 
to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes in 
structure, design, or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval. You may not offer any 
dedicated meeting rooms for guests or public use. You may not offer products or services unless 
