 
 
37 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
 
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
Neither we nor any affiliate of ours owns any material interest in any approved supplier.  No officer 
of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must license Hilton’s proprietary computer software from HSS. You must purchase items 
bearing our logo, trademark or service mark from a supplier approved by us. We may derive profit 
from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and we do not record it as revenue. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of 
$1,101,161,898 (for clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, 
and the HSM amounts described below).  
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced 
under its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the 
market. HSM may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. 
Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and 
suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may 
also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase 
arrangements. This is done to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining 
power. 
 
You must select one of our pre-approved Brand Packages for your Hotel and acquire it from 1 of 
our pre-approved procurement agencies.  You may purchase all other furniture, fixtures, and 
equipment (“FF&E”) and other supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the 
specifications and standards in the Manual are met. However, similar to our requirements related 
to the Brand Packages, in the future, we may require you to purchase other FF&E and supplies 
from a supplier approved by us, or we may require you to purchase a particular brand or model 
of supplies or equipment that is available only from 1 source, and we may derive profit as a result 
of those purchases. 
 
Currently, HSM is one of our pre-approved procurement agencies that you may choose to acquire 
the Brand Package for your Hotel.  You are not required to hire HSM as your procurement agency. 
If you choose HSM as your procurement agency, HSM will charge you fees for providing its 
procurement and distribution services as shown in Items 5 and 6.  In addition, HSM may receive 
administrative fees, rebates, and/or allowances from manufacturers or suppliers of Brand 
Package items as described in this Item 8. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of  sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
