EXHIBIT _ 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
The California Department of Financial Protection and Oversight requires that certain provisions contained 
in franchise documents be amended to be consistent with California law, including the California Franchise 
Investment Law, CAL. CORPORATIONS CODE Section 31000 et seq., and the California Franchise 
Relations Act, CAL. BUS. & PROF. CODE Section 20000 et seq. To the extent that the Franchise 
Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions are hereby 
amended: 
 
1. 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you 
concerning nonrenewal and termination of the Franchise Agreement. The Federal Bankruptcy 
Code also provides rights to you concerning termination of the Franchise Agreement upon certain 
bankruptcy-related events. To the extent the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is 
inconsistent with these laws, these laws may control. 
 
2. 
If Franchisee is required in the Franchise Agreement to execute a release of claims, such release 
may require us to exclude claims arising under the California Franchise Investment Law and the 
California Franchise Relations Act. 
 
3. 
If the Franchise Agreement requires payment of liquidated damages that is inconsistent with 
California Civil Code Section 1671, the liquidated damage clause may be unenforceable. 
 
4. 
If the Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement, the covenant may be unenforceable under 
California law. 
 
5. 
If the Franchise Agreement requires litigation, arbitration or mediation to be conducted in a forum 
other than the State of California, the requirement may be unenforceable under California law. 
 
6. 
If the Franchise Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State of 
California, such requirement may be unenforceable. 
 
7. 
Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations 
we made in the franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. 
 
8. 
Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
 
Executed on: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
