{00264795-17} 
54 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
4) 
So long as the Shared Facilities Arrangement is in place, any new franchise agreement executed 
in connection with a Transfer, or any successor franchise agreement executed between you and 
us must contain the provisions set forth in this Addendum. You acknowledge and agree that your 
refusal to include these restrictions in a successor franchise agreement will constitute a valid and 
reasonable basis for us to refuse to grant such successor franchise agreement. You acknowledge 
and agree that a proposed transferee’s refusal to include these restrictions in a new franchise 
agreement will constitute a valid and reasonable basis for us to deny our consent to such Change 
of Ownership Transfer.   
 
5) 
You acknowledge and agree that any Default under the [Hotel #2] Agreement shall constitute a 
simultaneous Default of the Agreement, and termination of the [Hotel #2] Agreement pursuant to 
such Default shall constitute a valid basis for termination of the Agreement. 
 
6) 
All questions with respect to the construction of this Addendum and the rights and liabilities of the 
parties under this Addendum shall be governed by the internal laws of the state designated in the 
Agreement. A breach of any provision of this Addendum is a breach of the Agreement.  Any action 
or proceeding related to or arising out of this Addendum shall be submitted and resolved exclusively 
by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the forum designated in the Agreement. 
 
7) 
All capitalized terms not expressly defined in this Addendum shall have the meanings set forth in 
the Agreement.  Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect. 
 
8) 
This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, and delivered by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument. 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC,  
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
Executed on: 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed on: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
