 
 
16 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
NOTES 
1. 
All prospective franchisees must complete an Application to operate a System Hotel.  The 
current form Application is attached as Exhibit F. When you submit the Application to us for 
processing, you must pay an initial fee (“Franchise Application Fee”). Once we approve your 
Application, the Franchise Application Fee is non-refundable except as described in this Item 5.  
You must provide all the information we ask for in your Application.  If we approve your Application 
before you supply all of the information, our approval will be conditioned on receiving the rest of 
the information within the time we specify.  If you fail to provide the rest of the information within 
the specified time, we may terminate our offer.  If we approve your Application subject to certain 
requirements, we may terminate our offer if you fail to meet those requirements.  If we terminate 
our offer, we will not refund the Franchise Application Fee.  If you withdraw your Application before 
we approve it, or if we deny your Application, we will refund the Franchise Application Fee, without 
interest, less a $7,500 processing fee, which may be waived or reduced at our discretion.  If your 
Application is for a Change of Ownership and the Change of Ownership does not occur, we will 
refund your Franchise Application Fee, without interest and less a $7,500 processing fee.  We 
have occasionally agreed to give full or partial refunds or to credit the non-refundable Franchise 
Application Fee toward the Franchise Application Fee of another application for the Brand if 
submitted and approved within 6 months or less, but we are not obligated to do so. If you increase 
the proposed number of rooms/suites after your Franchise Application is approved and before the 
opening of your Hotel under the Brand, you must obtain our approval and pay any additional 
Franchise Application Fee owed as if those additional rooms/suites were part of your original 
Franchise Application.  
While the Franchise Application Fee is usually applied uniformly, we may elect to reduce it after 
considering criteria which may include incentives for the development of hotels within the System, 
a hotel's market position, the property size and the number of hotels in the System operated by a 
franchisee.  In limited and unique circumstances, we may waive part of the Franchise Application 
Fee or negotiate the Franchise Application Fee for franchisees with whom we have previously 
dealt but we are not obligated to do so, even for franchisees possessing these characteristics. In 
2024, franchisees paid Franchise Application Fees ranging from $0 to $100,000 for New 
Development or Conversion. 
2. 
For a New Development, you must start construction within 15 months after the date we 
approve your Application. For a Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room 
addition project, you must start the renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. For all projects (including 
New Development, Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition project), 
you must complete the construction or renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. If you wish to request an 
extension of any start date or completion date for your project, you must submit a written request 
before that date occurs. If we approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will 
set new project start and completion dates accordingly.  
However, in New Development or Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be 
extended by 30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 
days’ notice to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request 
any further extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we 
approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and 
completion dates accordingly. These automatic extensions will not apply to any Relicensing, 
Change of Ownership, or room addition projects. 
