 
 
73 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement 
Summary 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under the 
HITS Agreement to third parties but remains responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition  
FA §§1 and 12.2 
Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest, 
including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the Franchise 
Agreement, the site on which the hotel is located or any direct 
or indirect Equity Interest (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement). You may not transfer to a Competitor or a 
Sanctioned Person. 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement.  HSS considers 
any attempt on your part to transfer or assign any of your rights 
or obligations under the HITS Agreement to be a “transfer” by 
you. 
l. Our approval 
of transfer by 
you 
FA §12.2 
A Transfer of any interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, or 
the Franchise Agreement (or any rights or obligations under it) 
are prohibited unless expressly allowed in the Franchise 
Agreement. The Franchise Agreement allows 2 types of 
Transfers if certain conditions are satisfied: (a) Permitted 
Transfers; and (b) Change of Ownership Transfers.  In any 
Transfer, the proposed Transferee may not be a Sanctioned 
Person or a Competitor. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is a 
Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise Agreement, we 
may permit the HITS Agreement to be assigned. 
m. Conditions for 
our approval of 
transfer. 
FA §12.2.1 
Permitted Transfers are Transfers that will not result in a 
change of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site.  
FA §12.2.1.1 
You may complete the following types of Permitted 
Transfers without giving us notice or obtaining our consent: 
Transfers of (a) Publicly Traded Equity Interests; (b) privately 
held Equity Interests when the transferee will hold less than 
50% after the Transfer, and there is no resulting change of 
Control; and (c) interests within and to designated institutional 
investment funds if the named asset manager does not 
change. 
FA §12.2.1.2 
For the following types of Permitted Transfers, unless the 
Transfer otherwise qualifies under 12.2.1.1, you must give us 
60 days’ written notice, obtain our consent, follow our then-
current procedure for processing Permitted Transfers, sign 
documents required by us, and pay a processing fee: Transfers 
(a) to Affiliates; (b) to a family member or trust; (c) on death; 
and (d) of privately-held Equity Interests if more than 50% will 
have changed hands since the Effective Date of the Franchise 
Agreement.  
FA §12.2.2 
Any Transfer that is not a Permitted Transfer under §12.2.1 is a 
Change of Ownership Transfer.  You must give 60 days’ written 
notice and provide any information we may require to consent 
to this type of transfer, not be in default; pay all amounts due to 
us and our Affiliates through closing; conclude any suit, action 
or proceeding that is pending or threatened against you, us or 
any of our Affiliates with respect to the Hotel, or provide 
adequate security.  Proposed transferee must meet our then-
current business requirements for new franchisees, including 
