 
 
60 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (“Strategic 
Partnerships”) with third-party companies or vendors (“Strategic Partners”) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses.  These Strategic 
Partnerships are “Other Businesses” under the Franchise Agreement. Strategic Partners are not 
Hilton Worldwide Brands.  Strategic Partners are not our corporate affiliates, and do not offer 
franchises or management agreements for any of the Hilton Worldwide Brands.  We may enter 
into, terminate, or modify any Strategic Partnership anywhere, at any time, in our 
discretion.  Strategic Partners’ businesses may be located in and near your area, including within 
your Restricted Area (if any).  Your Hotel may compete with any hotels, motels, inns, campsites, 
other lodging facilities or accommodations, as well as any tours, excursions, or other customer 
experiences, products, or services offered by our Strategic Partners or through any of our 
Strategic Partnerships anywhere, at any time, other than as provided in your Restricted Area 
Provision (if any). 
See Item 1 for a description of the hotel brands licensed, operated and managed by, or otherwise 
affiliated with Hilton Worldwide. You may compete with these guest lodging properties. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging, hospitality, and 
related services, both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. 
Some of these activities may be competitive with your Hotel, the System, System Hotels, the 
Network, and Network Hotels. We and our affiliates may own, operate, manage, franchise, 
license, lease, affiliate or associate with, acquire or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee 
for, competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses or networks anywhere, at any 
time, including within your Restricted Area, under any brands or marks  (provided that your 
Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish 
services, products, advice, and support to competitive guest lodging businesses or any other 
businesses, facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, at any time, including 
in your Restricted Area, in any manner we or our affiliates determine. We or any of our affiliates 
may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself 
has established or may establish competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses 
located anywhere, at any time (provided that your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be 
observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other 
way with any franchised or non-franchised network or chain of guest lodging businesses or any 
other business regardless of the location of that business, network, chain, or other business’s 
facilities, including within your Restricted Area, and that following such activity we may own, 
operate, manage, franchise, license, or lease those other facilities under any brands or marks 
anywhere, at any time, regardless of the location of those businesses or facilities (provided that 
your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). There is no mechanism for resolving 
any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels or businesses described in this 
paragraph.   
 
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel that include 
the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating to your 
Hotel are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing. You must obtain our advance written 
approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, and any proposed links between 
the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed modifications to all Sites and Linked 
Sites. See Item 11 for more information about our Web Site requirements and limitations. The 
Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the channels through which you may solicit 
customers for your Hotel. 
 
