Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
             Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter 
Page 4 
{004028-999987 M0027976.DOC; 1} 
 
(c) 
Lender’s Sale to Third Party After Assumption.  The transfer provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement will apply to any sale, assignment or transfer by Lender after an Assumption.  If the 
transfer is to a third party who desires to continue to operate the Hotel, these provisions require a change 
of ownership application, approval of the third party and payment of an application fee. 
 
3. 
Notice to Franchisor. Lender agrees to notify Franchisor (a) contemporaneously with 
the commencement of any action that may result in an Acquisition; (b) contemporaneously with the filing 
of a petition for appointment of a receiver or any other action initiated by Lender that materially impacts 
possession of the Hotel; (c) promptly after an Acquisition of the date the Acquisition occurred, or 
(d) promptly after Lender no longer has a security interest in the equity ownership of Franchisee or the 
Loan is paid in full, but Lender’s failure to give notice under this Subparagraph 3(d) will not affect the 
automatic termination of this letter agreement under Paragraph 11 [NO ESTOPPEL] 12 [ESTOPPEL]. 
Lender further agrees to promptly provide to Franchisor a copy of any order appointing a receiver or any 
other judicial or administrative order from an action initiated by Lender that materially impacts possession 
of the Hotel. All notices to Franchisor should be sent to the following address or such other address 
periodically designated by Franchisor in writing: 
 
Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.  
Attention:  General Counsel 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 
McLean, VA 22102 
 
If Lender wishes to send a notice to Franchisor regarding securitizations, Lender may send the notice by 
any 
method 
described 
above, 
or 
by 
email 
(with 
read 
receipt 
confirmation) 
at 
Lender.Comfort.Letters@hilton.com or such other email address as Franchisor may periodically 
designate by notice to Lender. 
 
4. 
Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure.  The provisions of this letter agreement shall not 
be disclosed by Lender or Franchisee to any third party, excepting (a) the respective employees, 
directors, officers, agents, regulators or legal and financial representatives of each of Franchisee, Lender 
and Lender’s servicers, trustees and certificate holders, on a need-to-know basis; (b) as required by law; 
(c) as mutually agreed to by the parties; (d) as part of any due diligence performed as a part of a sale, 
assignment, participation or securitization of the Loan by Lender, or a sale of the Hotel after an 
Acquisition; (e) any investor or potential investor in, or underwriter of, the Loan; and/or (f) any rating 
agency that rates securities backed by the Loan. Except as provided above, Franchisee and Lender 
agree not to copy, reproduce or otherwise make available in any form whatsoever to any other person, 
firm, corporation, or business the provisions of this letter agreement.  
 
5. 
Franchisee Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating 
to the Loan, Franchisee hereby: 
 
(a) 
certifies to Franchisor that the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, 
and no default, claim, breach, offset, defense to full and strict enforcement, waiver, or estoppel 
(collectively, “Claim”), or condition that could with passage of time, giving notice or otherwise become a 
Claim, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the Franchise Agreement [IF 
APPLICABLE: or the Existing Comfort Letter]. 
 
(b) 
[IF APPLICABLE: represents that the loan referenced in the Existing Comfort 
Letter has been paid in full [DELETE FIRST CLAUSE IF LOAN IS BEING ASSUMED] and agrees that the 
Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force and effect, and Franchisor has no 
obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter.] 
 
