 
 
59 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Paragraph 3 below).  In the Restricted Area Provision, the term ‘Brand’ means the name 
used to identify the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and Standards.  
It excludes any other brands or product lines containing the words “LivSmart” or “Studios”. 
It also excludes Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., its affiliates, and other chains of hotels 
that include the word "Hilton" as part of their brand name (such as "Hilton Garden Inn," 
"DoubleTree by Hilton," or "Homewood Suites by Hilton").   
3. 
Exclusions from the Restricted Area Provision. The Restricted Area Provision will 
generally not apply to: (a) any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction 
or has been approved for development or opening as a Brand hotel as of the Effective 
Date, or any hotel located or to be located within the Restricted Area that replaces such 
hotel under the Brand; (b) hotels or motels under brands other than the Brand; (c) hotels 
or motels that will not begin operating under the Brand until after the expiration of the 
Restrictive Period; (d) gaming-oriented hotels or facilities using the Brand; (e) shared 
ownership properties (commonly known as “vacation ownership” or “time share 
ownership” or similar real estate properties) under the Brand; and (f) any hotels, motels, 
or inns that are part of a chain or group of four (4) or more hotels, motels, or inns that we 
or our Affiliates, as a result of a single transaction or group of related transactions, own, 
operate, acquire, lease, manage, franchise, license, or join through a merger, acquisition 
or marketing agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the Brand 
name or any other name.  
4. 
Restrictive Period.  The Restrictive Period will normally be for an agreed-on time period.  
Generally, this period will be shorter than the term of the Franchise Agreement, usually 
tied to a specified number of years from the date your Franchise Application was 
approved.  In some cases, the Restrictive Period may reduce in geographic scope after 
an agreed-on time period. The continuation of the Restrictive Period will not depend on 
your achieving any particular sales volume or market penetration. An increase in 
population in the Restricted Area will not affect it and there are no other circumstances 
when your Restricted Area may be altered. Historically, we have extended the Restrictive 
Period for the full term of the Franchise Agreement; however, we do not intend to do so in 
the future.  Those restrictions as to entities other than us may lapse if the Brand is no 
longer affiliated with Hilton Worldwide. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTES: A Restricted Area Provision will not give you protection from previously 
existing hotels which are managed or licensed by us or an affiliate or our or their predecessors, 
or any hotel site for which we or an affiliate or its predecessor have approved an application and/or 
signed a franchise agreement, management agreement, lease or license agreement for a System 
Hotel to be developed. In addition, a Restricted Area Provision will not give you protection from 
any replacement hotel that replaces or will replace another such existing hotel or hotel site. SOME 
STATE 
AND/OR 
OTHER 
LAWS 
PROVIDE 
THAT 
TERRITORIAL 
AND/OR 
AREA 
RESTRICTIONS ARE VOID, VOIDABLE AND/OR SUPERSEDED BY LAW. 
There may currently be franchised or company-owned Network Hotels situated in or near your 
area. We, Hilton Worldwide and our affiliates or subsidiaries may establish new franchised, 
company-owned, or company-managed Network Hotels in or near your area.  
You may compete with any Network Hotels in and near your area. There is no mechanism for 
resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and Network Hotels.  Any resolution of 
conflicts regarding location, customers, support or services will be entirely within the business 
judgment of Hilton Worldwide and us. 
