{00264795-17} 
23 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies we or our Affiliates may have 
at law. You consent to the entry of such temporary and permanent injunctions. You must pay all costs and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, expert fees, costs and other expenses of litigation that we 
and/or our Affiliates may incur in connection with your non-compliance with this covenant.  
 
10.0 
REPORTS, RECORDS, AUDITS, AND PRIVACY 
 
10.1 
Reports. 
 
10.1.1 At our request, you will prepare and deliver to us the Reports containing the 
Operational Information (and any other information we reasonably require) in the form, manner and time 
frame we require. At a minimum, by the fifteenth (15th) day of each month, you will submit to us the 
Operational Information for the previous month, and reflecting the computation of the amounts then due 
under Section 8, in the form, manner and time frame we require.  
 
10.1.2 At our request, you will certify the Reports as accurate in the manner we require. 
You must permit us to inspect your books and records at all reasonable times.   
 
10.2 
Maintenance of Records.  You will prepare, on a current basis, and preserve for no less 
than the greater of four (4) years or the time period stated in our record retention requirements, complete 
and accurate records concerning Gross Rooms Revenue and all financial, operating, marketing and other 
aspects of the Hotel. You will maintain an accounting system that fully and accurately reflects all financial 
aspects of the Hotel and its business. These records will include books of account, tax returns, 
governmental reports, register tapes, daily reports, and complete quarterly and annual financial statements 
(including profit and loss statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements), and will be prepared in 
the form, manner and time frame we require.   
 
10.3 
Audit. 
 
10.3.1 We may require you to have the Gross Rooms Revenue, fees or other monies due 
to us computed and certified as accurate by a certified public accountant. During the Term, and for two (2) 
years thereafter, we and our authorized agents have the right to verify Operational Information required 
under this Agreement by requesting, receiving, inspecting and auditing, at all reasonable times, any and all 
records referred to above wherever the records may be located (or elsewhere if we request).   
 
10.3.2 If any inspection or audit reveals that you understated or underpaid any payment 
due to us, you will promptly pay to us the deficiency, plus interest from the date each payment was due 
until paid at the interest rate set forth in Section 16.15 of this Agreement. 
 
10.3.3 If the audit or inspection reveals that the underpayment is willful, or is for five 
percent (5%) or more of the total amount owed for the period being inspected, you will also reimburse us 
for all inspection and audit costs, including reasonable travel, lodging, meals, salaries and other expenses 
of the inspecting or auditing personnel.  Our acceptance of your payment of any deficiency will not waive 
any rights we may have as a result of your breach, including our right to terminate this Agreement.  If the 
audit discloses an overpayment, we will credit this overpayment against your future payments due under 
this Agreement, without interest, or, if no future payments are due under this Agreement, we will promptly 
pay you the amount of the overpayment without interest.   
 
10.4 
Ownership of Information.  All information that we provide to you, including but not limited 
to Personal Information, for your use in connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. 
You may not use any such information after the Term, except as expressly permitted by us in writing in the 
Standards or otherwise. All Information we obtain from you and all revenues we derive from such 
Information will be our property that we may use for any reason, including making a financial performance 
representation in our franchise disclosure documents.  At your sole risk and responsibility, you may use 
Information that you acquire from third parties in connection with operating the Hotel, such as Personal 
Information (but not including any Personal Information obtained in connection with guest reservations or 
