3 
 
4. 
Merchant Products and Services 
 
Licensee Establishment wishes to use the Services for the following Merchant Products and Services: 
 
Merchants Products and Services
Hospitality
Detailed Description: 
Authorizations, authentications & payment 
settlements for bookings and related scenarios 
(ex: cancellation fee, no-show fees, deposits, 
post-stay charges etc.) 
Average fulfilment period (time between 
Capture and full completion of delivery 
obligations): 
95% of the transactions are immediate. These 
bookings will be paid at arrival/checking out of 
the hotels. 
5% of the transactions have a fulfilment period 
of 30 days, these bookings are online paid in 
advance. 
Target countries for Merchant Products and
Services:
USA
Sales channel: 
E-Commerce - Hilton.com, Hilton mobile app & 
various 3rd party distribution channels, POS 
 
5. 
Deposit 
 
The Deposit is a sum of funds retained up to the applicable variable Deposit Level by Adyen from Payments 
to be Settled to Licensee Establishment to cover for potential Refunds, Chargebacks, Fines, paid but not 
yet fully delivered Merchant Products and Services and other potential financial obligations of Licensee 
Establishment towards Adyen and the Scheme Owners. 
 
The Deposit Level will initially be set at 0 (zero) USD on the basis of the information provided by Licensee 
Establishment for its anticipated initial use of the Services. Adyen may adjust the Deposit Level as set out 
in the Adyen Terms and Conditions to keep it in line with the then current Transaction volume and risk profile 
of the Licensee Establishment. Adyen will build up the Deposit by withholding the relevant amounts from 
Settlement. 
 
6. 
Liability 
 
In deviation from the terms applicable to Merchant and Merchant Establishments, in respect of any claims 
regarding compliance, liability or indemnity obligations of Licensee Establishment, Adyen shall have the 
right to first pursue its claim against Licensee Establishment in respect of non-performance of its obligations 
up to the full applicable amount in accordance with the Agreement (including any Schedules and Addenda 
thereto). 
 
7. 
Merchant Acknowledgement 
 
Licensee Establishment hereby acknowledges that Merchant is an authorised representative of Licensee 
Establishment with respect to the use by Licensee Establishment of the Adyen Services and as such 
Licensee Establishment has authorised Merchant to perform access and usage functions by applying 
appropriate settings, including in connection with fraud prevention, in respect of the data of Licensee 
Establishment processed through the Adyen Platform 
 
Signatures 
 
This Licensee Merchant Agreement is deemed to be signed once Licensee Establishment has “checked” 
the box in KYC Information marking acceptance of this Licensee Merchant Agreement which has legal 
equivalency to a manual signature. 
