 
 
61 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
Under our Franchise Agreement we will grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System 
in the operation of a hotel at a specified location under the trademark “LivSmart Studios by Hilton.”  
As used in the Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the 
Marks, including the Principal Mark, “LivSmart,” and all other service marks, copyrights, 
trademarks, logos, insignia, emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), 
slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or 
characteristics associated or used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual 
property rights, that we designate to be used in the System.  
In May 2023, the LivSmart Studios by Hilton Brand was launched under the temporary Brand 
name “Project H3 by Hilton.” Any hotels for which franchise agreements have been signed under 
that temporary Brand name will be opened and operated under the LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Brand name under the terms of those franchise agreements.   
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
HIH has also applied for registration on the principal register of the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office for the following Marks: 
Mark 
Application 
Number 
Application Date 
LIVSMART BY HILTON (word) 
97713987 
December 12, 2022 
LIVSMART STUDIOS BY HILTON (word) 
98109885 
July 31, 2023 
LIVSMART STUDIOS BY HILTON (with logo) 
98347644 
January 8, 2024 
LIVSMART (design logo) 
98547660 
May 13, 2024 
 
Currently, we do not have a federal trademark registration for “LivSmart Studios by Hilton” 
or the Principal Mark “LivSmart.”  Therefore, these Marks do not have as many legal 
benefits and rights as federally registered trademarks.  If our right to use either of these 
Marks is challenged, you may have to change to alternative trademarks, which may 
increase your expenses.  
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
