 
 
45 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
5. 
We will provide you with the HITS Agreement, which will be countersigned by HSS, before 
you open your Hotel (HITS Agreement, Exhibit G). The HITS Agreement governs your 
access to and use of OnQ, our proprietary computerized business system which is an 
integral part of the System we license to you (see Computer System below). 
6. 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
7. 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials, and you must pay for expenses associated with training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6). Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ” 
system, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners 
worldwide. The OnQ system is comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property 
management, revenue management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, 
learning management, and other components we consider necessary to support the following 
activities: reservations, distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, 
and business intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes 
hardware, software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest 
Internet Access System, which we may periodically change. The components of each are 
described below, and the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.    
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software. You must use authorized hardware and the required software for 
the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred providers, 
or you may purchase or lease it through other third-party providers. If you acquire the hardware 
from another (non-preferred) third party, you must also pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in 
determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay for all necessary 
communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic mail, and Internet 
connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and configuration services.  
The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the Hilton Property 
Management System ("HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property Engagement 
Platform (“PEP”). You are required to license the HPMS software from our affiliate, HSS. HSS is 
the only supplier of the HPMS software because of its proprietary nature. We are not able to 
determine a separate market price because there is no third-party market for this product in its 
entirety. You must pay for the reasonable travel and other expenses of HSS employees and 
vendors who install and maintain the software. If you purchase the standard hardware and 
software from HSS, we estimate it will cost between $38,236 and $94,017. This includes 
hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and is based on the size of the 
hotel and number of workstations. These fees are not refundable.  
