 
 
34 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
will most likely be lower, but you must conform guest rooms, public areas, the exterior, and all 
other areas to our Brand Standards. 
We have a designated grouping of specifically-selected furniture, furnishings, fixtures, equipment, 
decor, and amenities that meet our standards and specifications for Brand hotels (“Brand 
Packages”). We have pre-approved procurement agencies from which these Brand Packages are 
available. You must select one of our Brand Packages for your Hotel and acquire it from one of 
our pre-approved procurement agencies. You may not obtain any Brand Package or any item 
within a Brand Package from any other source. In addition, we may require you to obtain and use 
certain furniture, furnishings, fixtures, equipment, décor, amenities, and other supplies that are 
not included within a Brand Package. You may purchase those items from any supplier as long 
as you comply with our Standards and specifications. See Item 8 for details. 
8. 
Inventory includes food and beverages and other immediately consumable items such as 
fuel, soap, cleansing material, office supplies and similar items. Operating equipment includes 
such items as chinaware, glassware, linens, silverware and uniforms. 
9. 
Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. The amount 
includes installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain 
signage displaying or containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance 
with plans, specifications and standards we establish for System Hotels. You must purchase 
exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  You may contact us for a current list. 
10. 
You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer 
systems, including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO System, the Delphi 
system, the Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key system, Digital 
Payment system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool. The estimated costs to acquire and 
install each of these systems are shown totaled here together, other than the Guest Internet 
Access system, the Connected Room system, the Delphi Sales and Events System, and the 
Digital Payment system, which are listed separately. The amounts shown here may be different 
than the amounts shown in Item 5 because the amounts shown here also include costs that are 
payable to third parties. The operating costs during the initial period are included in the Additional 
Funds line in this table.  See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details. 
 
11. 
We will provide the required training programs as described in Items 5 and 11 of this 
Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training materials, and travel and living 
expenses while training. We may charge additional training costs based on the number of 
personnel that require training.   
12. 
If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Re-licensing, or Change of 
Ownership Transfer, we may require you to complete an independent survey conducted by an 
accessibility consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with accessibility requirements 
including the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). 
13. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which your construction or renovation 
work must begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request 
a further extension of this deadline, and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
14. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense.  This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name 
as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and 
