 
 
28 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
Procurement and 
Services Fees  
Currently, 4% to 
10% of project cost. 
As agreed. 
Payable if you buy from HSM, in addition to 
the product cost, freight, taxes and other 
actual costs incurred by HSM. 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees described in this Item 6 are payable to, and imposed by, us 
or our affiliates and are non-refundable. Other than the Monthly Royalty Fees and liquidated 
damages, all fees are subject to change. 
 
NOTES 
 
1. 
The Monthly Fees are calculated in accordance with the then-current Uniform System of 
Accounts for the Lodging Industry or as specified by us in the Manual. "Gross Rooms Revenue" 
means all revenues derived from the sale or rental of guest rooms (both transient and permanent) 
of the hotel, including revenue derived from the redemption of points or rewards under the loyalty 
programs in which the hotel participates, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the guest room 
rate includes breakfast), Mandatory Guest Fees, late cancellation fees, and guaranteed no-show 
revenue and credit transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less 
allowances for any guest room rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected 
directly from patrons or guests. Group booking rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to 
third-party groups for group stays must be included, and not deducted from, the calculation of 
Gross Rooms Revenue.  
  
“Mandatory Guest Fee” means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition 
to the base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, 
destination fees, amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest 
Fees do not include employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax-like fees 
and assessments that are levied on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a 
third party (such as tourism public improvement district fees, tourism or improvement 
assessments, and convention center fees). 
 
If there is a fire or other insured casualty at your Hotel that results in a reduction of Gross Rooms 
Revenue, the Monthly Program and Monthly Royalty Fees will be equal to the Monthly Program 
and Monthly Royalty Fees forecasted on the basis of the Gross Rooms Revenue amount you 
agree on with your insurer(s). However, we have the right to participate with you in negotiating 
the value of your Gross Rooms Revenue claim with your insurer(s).  
We can require you to transmit all payments required under the Franchise Agreement by wire 
transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer. You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other 
form of electronic funds transfer. We may reduce the amount of any payment or credit to you by 
any amount that you owe us, and this includes your and our affiliates. We occasionally reduce 
the Monthly Royalty Fee for multi-unit or more experienced franchisees, for franchisees with 
whom we have previously dealt, for Conversions, or for franchisees in other unique 
circumstances, including franchisees with whom we have a management agreement. We do not 
always do so and may choose not to reduce your Monthly Royalty Fee even if you possess some 
or all of these characteristics. We agreed to modify the Monthly Royalty Fee in 29 instances in 
2024.  
2. 
The standard Monthly Program Fee is 2.5% of GRR for the preceding calendar month, 
however, as long as you remain in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (including the 
minimum quality and service criteria under the Standards) the standard Monthly Program Fee will 
