{00264795-17} 
48 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
[SELECT ___ mile radius of the Hotel, the center point of which is the front door of the Hotel (“Restricted 
Area”). [SELECT Restricted Area described as follows, and as set forth on Exhibit [__: [INSERT 
DESCRIPTION.] 
 
This restriction does not apply to any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction or has been 
approved for development or opening as a Restricted Brands hotel as of the Effective Date (“Existing 
Hotel”). The term Existing Hotel also includes any hotel located or to be located within the Restricted Area 
that replaces such Existing Hotel under the Restricted Brands. The restrictions also do not apply to any: (1) 
hotel(s) or motel(s) under brands other than the Restricted Brands; (2) hotel(s) or motel(s) that will not begin 
operating under the Restricted Brands until after the expiration of the Restrictive Period; (3) gaming-oriented 
hotels or facilities using the Restricted Brands; (4) shared ownership properties (commonly known as 
“vacation ownership” or “time share ownership” or similar real estate properties) under the Restricted 
Brands; and (5) hotel(s), motel(s), or inn(s) that are part of a chain or group of four (4) or more hotels, 
motels, or inns that we or our Affiliates, as a result of a single transaction or group of related transactions, 
own, operate, acquire, lease, manage, franchise, license, or join through a merger, acquisition or marketing 
agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the Restricted Brands name or any other 
name. 
 
[IF RL: Amendment and Restatement. This Agreement replaces the franchise agreement dated [INSERT 
DATE] (“Original Agreement”) by and between us (or our Affiliate) and you (or your Affiliate) with respect 
to the Hotel. The Original Agreement will be superseded and have no further force or effect as of the 
Effective Date of this Agreement, except those provisions expressly intended to survive termination or 
expiration of the Original Agreement. To the extent there are outstanding obligations to us or our Affiliates 
under the Original Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are directly responsible, jointly and 
severally, for all such obligations under the Original Agreement existing at or accruing after the execution 
of this Agreement. 
 
[IF COO: Obligations of Former Franchisee. You acknowledge and agree that you are directly 
responsible for, and will pay on demand, all fees and charges due and owing us and our Affiliates related 
to the former franchise agreement for the Hotel if any such fees and charges remain outstanding as of or 
accrue after the Effective Date of this Agreement. 
 
[IF SITE CONTROL NOT CONFIRMED ON EFFECTIVE DATE: Before commencement of Construction 
Work, but not later than the Construction Work Completion Date, you must submit to us evidence 
satisfactory to us showing your title to, or long-term possessory interest in, the real property on which the 
Hotel will be sited (i.e. a conformed copy of the deed, or ground lease submitted for recording, or like 
document) in accordance with Subsections 5.1.15 and 5.1.16 of the Agreement. 
 
[IF TIC: You acknowledge and agree that: (1) each of you is jointly, severally, individually and collectively 
responsible for the Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement; (2) your obligations and liability to us is 
not limited by your tenant-in-common structure; (3) the transfer provisions of this Agreement apply to each 
of you; (4) [___________] is deemed to be your Controlling Affiliate; and (5) the Hotel has a single 
designated Principal Legal Correspondent, as named above, whom we will notify for all purposes under 
this Agreement. 
 
Your Ownership Structure:   
 
See Attached Schedule 1 
 
[IF FRANCHISEE’S AFFILIATE IS THE FEE TITLE OWNER, LESSOR OR SUBLESSOR OF THE HOTEL 
OR THE HOTEL SITE: 
Ownership Structure of Affiliate Fee Owner or Lessor/Sublessor of the Hotel or Hotel Site: 
 
See Attached Schedule 2 
 
[IF KEY MONEY EXHIBIT _ – DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE 
