 
 
49 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Currently, our approved Digital Payment system is provided by Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”), a third-
party payment processor. Adyen’s system includes hardware and software, and interfaces with 
OnQ. To install and operate this system, you must open a merchant account and sign a 
participation agreement for your hotel to join our enterprise Licensee Merchant Agreement with 
Adyen. The material terms of the Licensee Merchant Agreement and Participation Agreement are 
shown in Exhibit M. If you seek to negotiate your own form of agreement with Adyen, it must 
contain the material terms in Exhibit M to provide for the proper interface and functioning of the 
system at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards. You must also sign a Refund 
Authorization with us, to enable the electronic processing of guest refunds. The form of Refund 
Authorization is also included in Exhibit M. We do not require you to enter into any maintenance 
agreements for this system.   
You do not have to pay any fees to us to install this system, but you must acquire the necessary 
software and hardware, including payment terminals, from Adyen. See Item 7 for the estimated 
installation costs. You do not have to pay any fees to us to operate this system, but you must pay 
the applicable transaction and service fees to Adyen, and any fees that you that apply to your 
merchant account at your bank. Adyen’s transaction and services may change over time and may 
vary depending upon the number of participating System or Network hotels. We do not receive 
any rebates or other consideration from Adyen. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, 
Adyen’s transactions fees are up to $175 per month ($2,100 per year).   
In the future we may replace Adyen and add additional payment processors for our approved 
Digital Payment system, or modify the contracts and logistical relationships, in which case there 
could be other costs and fees that would apply.    
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of 
OnQ, including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, 
timekeeping and payroll, and certain inventory systems, you are able to contract with the supplier 
of your choice for both the hardware and software, subject to meeting our Standards on features 
and functionality. The only restriction would be where such hardware and software need to 
interface to OnQ. In those instances, your choice of supplier would be restricted to those that 
have or can develop a working interface to OnQ. The hardware, software, and interfaces must be 
installed by, and fees must be paid to, the respective vendors you choose.   
Training 
We offer required training courses to those affiliated with the System for orientation and as part 
of the certification process. Our training is designed for and based on the specific business and 
operational functions of Brand Hotels. The personnel you designate to fulfill these business and 
operational functions must complete the required training to our satisfaction. If you hire 
replacement personnel for any of these roles or functions, the replacements must successfully 
complete the appropriate training programs. 
When we provide training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and 
appropriate for the business and operational functions of the Hotel so that it may operate in 
accordance with our Standards.  At all times under the Franchise Agreement you are an 
independent contractor and an independent employer, and we will not direct or supervise your 
personnel, or have, retain, reserve, or exercise any control over your (or your Management 
Company’s) personnel or personnel policies or procedures in any manner. 
