 
 
36 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current 
Standards. We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of Standards, 
which we may modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our 
Fixed Renovation Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program 
that we utilize in accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any 
renovation schedule (including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are 
responsible for the costs of complying with any such renovation schedule (including any FRCM 
renovation), as well as any other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in 
compliance with the Standards.  
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at 
and for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, 
operating supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at and/or sold from the 
Hotel,  signs and graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest 
materials, together with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and 
technology platforms for property management, inventory management, revenue management, 
affiliation and distribution programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, 
customer satisfaction measurement, online check-in, digital room keys, in-room entertainment 
and conveniences, internet access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance 
services, and any and all other systems, programs, products and services used for the operation 
of the Hotel, including our specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acceptable 
product quality ratings at your Hotel and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In 
some cases, we may require you to purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, 
furniture, equipment, or service, but you may purchase it from any authorized source.  
Specific Requirements for Brand Packages 
 
We have designated groupings of specifically-selected furniture, furnishings, fixtures, equipment, 
decor, and amenities that meet our standards and specifications for Brand hotels (“Brand 
Packages”). We have pre-approved procurement agencies from which these Brand Packages are 
available. You must select one of our Brand Packages for your Hotel and acquire it from one of 
our pre-approved procurement agencies. Our pre-approved procurement agencies set their own 
prices for the Brand Packages, and you are free to attempt to negotiate the price of the Brand 
Packages with our pre-approved procurement agencies. You may not obtain any Brand Package 
or any item within a Brand Package from any other source.   
 
We will provide you with information about each approved Brand Package along with a list of all 
approved procurement agencies that you may select from.  You must use a Brand Package for 
the opening of a new hotel.  We may also require you to use a Brand Package when you 
modernize, rehabilitate, renovate, refurbish and/or upgrade your Hotel.  We may periodically add, 
remove, or modify any Brand Package or any item within a Brand Package at any time.  We may 
also periodically add, remove, or change the approved procurement agencies for our Brand 
Packages at any time. 
 
Any required Supplies that are not part of a Brand Package must be acquired in accordance with 
our standards and specifications as described in the General Requirements section above. 
