 
 
68 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
You may not conduct or permit gaming or casino operations in the hotel or on the hotel premises 
without our express written prior permission, which we may withhold at our sole discretion.  
Except as described in the following sentence, you may not conduct or permit the sale of 
timeshares, vacation ownership, fractional ownership, condominiums, or like schemes at or 
adjacent to your Hotel without our written permission, you may do so only as we permit and we 
may withhold permission at our sole discretion. You may conduct timeshare or condominium sales 
or marketing at any property that you own or lease which is located adjacent to the hotel so long 
as you do not use any of the Marks in these sales efforts and you do not use the hotel or its 
facilities in these timeshare or condominium sales, marketing efforts or business operations. 
You may not share the business operations and your Hotel facilities with any other hotel, inn, 
conference center, lodging facility or similar business without our express permission, which we 
may withhold for any reason. If we permit your Hotel to share facilities with another hotel in our 
Network (which is also franchised or managed by us or any of our Affiliates), then you must sign 
the Shared Facilities Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, shown in Exhibit D to this Disclosure 
Document. You are not allowed to engage in any tenant-in-common syndication or transfer of any 
tenant-in-common interest in the hotel or the hotel site without our express permission, which we 
may withhold for any reason. If we permit you to share your business operation or engage in a 
tenant-in-common syndication or transfer, you must comply with any terms that we require as a 
condition to our approval. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer, and dispute resolution. You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
New Construction: Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 22 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as 
we may approve. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination 
or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of 
the term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to 
renew or 
FA – Not applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we agree, 
in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked to sign a 
contract with materially different terms and conditions from the 
