 
 
18 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
our affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees 
are paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.   
Digital Floor Plan.  You must pay for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS 
will have the Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and 
our affiliates, including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their 
room from a map of the Hotel and enable digital check-in. The initial set-up cost is paid to HSS.  
See Item 11 for details.    
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details. 
Digital Payment System.  You must install our approved Digital Payment system, which provides 
guests with the ability to pay for hotel charges using credit cards, debit cards, and certain third-
party digital payment apps and other online services that we approve, such as Google Pay and 
Apple Pay (“Digital Payments”). Currently, this payment system is operated by a third-party 
vendor called Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”). You do not have to pay any fees or costs to us for this 
system, but must pay applicable charges to Adyen. See Item 11 for details. 
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000. 
The cost estimates shown in this Item 5 are based on the standard prototype hotel. These 
estimates do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with the OnQ system. 
They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our required Guest 
Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional computer 
system components that we may recommend (including, for example, other business computer 
systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and payroll, point 
of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not include any 
delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed and/or 
rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other benefits to 
support the adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All computer system 
costs are subject to change, and normally are not refundable. See Item 11 for a more detailed 
description of each of these required and recommended computer systems.  
4. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and 
related service fees. In particular, HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for 
the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage equipment supplies, and certain hotel services at a discount. We recommend 
you purchase these items from HSM or such third parties. You may but are not obligated to 
purchase specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure 
Document. If you choose to buy from HSM, it will invoice you for the cost of the products plus 
freight, sales tax and other actual costs, plus a procurement fee that ranges 4% to 10% of the 
project cost. HSM may offer you a payment plan. These payment plans are agreed with each 
franchisee individually based on the type of project, and specifically customized to the project’s 
scope of work and overall timeline. Payment dates are also based on the project’s timeline. The 
interest rate for late payments is 18.5% per year, compounded daily. Change orders must be paid 
in full, either in advance or with the next installment due. 
