{00264795-17} 
34 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
limiting its scope, the provision will be considered amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it 
enforceable.   
 
16.1.2 This Agreement will be interpreted without interpreting any provision in favor of or 
against either Party by reason of the drafting of the provision, or either of our positions relative to the other.  
 
16.1.3 Any covenant, term or provision of this Agreement that provides for continuing 
obligations after the expiration or termination of this Agreement will survive any expiration or termination.   
 
16.2 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. 
 
16.2.1 The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States 
Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ¶ 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of 
law principles.  Nothing in this Section is intended to invoke the application of any franchise, business 
opportunity, antitrust, “implied covenant,” unfair competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the 
State of New York or any other state that would not otherwise apply absent this Subsection 16.2.1.   
 
16.2.2 The Parties agree that any action brought pursuant to this Agreement or the 
relationship between them must be brought in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, in 
Alexandria, Virginia, or if that court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then in a court of competent jurisdiction 
whose jurisdiction includes either Fairfax County, Virginia or New York, New York, or in the county and 
state where the Hotel is located.  You consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in each of these 
jurisdictions and waive, and agree not to assert, move or otherwise claim that the venue in any of these 
jurisdictions is for any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate.   
 
16.3 
Exclusive Benefit.  This Agreement is exclusively for our and your benefit, and none of 
the obligations of you or us in this Agreement will run to, or be enforceable by, any other party (except for 
any rights we assign or delegate to one of our Affiliates or covenants in favor of our Affiliates, which rights 
and covenants will run to and be enforceable by our Affiliates or their successors and assigns) or give rise 
to liability to a third party, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement.  
 
16.4 
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and all of its attachments, documents, schedules, 
exhibits, and any other information specifically incorporated into this Agreement by reference will be 
construed together as the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Hotel and any other 
aspect of our relationship and will supersede and cancel any prior and/or contemporaneous discussions or 
writings between you and us. You acknowledge that you have entered into this Agreement as a result of 
your own independent investigation and not as a result of any representations about us made by our 
shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, developers, independent contractors, 
or franchisees that are contrary to the terms set forth in this Agreement, or in any disclosure document, 
prospectus, or other similar document required or permitted to be given to you pursuant to applicable law.  
However, nothing in this Section 16.4, this Agreement, or in any of Your Hotel Agreements is intended to 
disclaim the representations we made in any franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you.  
 
16.5 
Amendment and Waiver. 
 
16.5.1 No change, termination, or attempted waiver or cancellation of any provision of this 
Agreement will bind us unless it is in writing, specifically designated as an amendment or waiver, and signed 
by one of our officers.  We may condition our agreement to any amendment or waiver on receiving from 
you, in a form satisfactory to us, an estoppel and general release of claims that you may have against us, 
our Affiliates, and related parties.   
 
16.5.2 No failure by us or by any of our Affiliates to exercise any power given us under 
this Agreement or to insist on strict compliance by you with any of your obligations, and no custom or 
practice at variance with the terms of this Agreement, will be considered a waiver of our or any of our 
Affiliates’ right to demand exact compliance with the terms of this Agreement.   
