{00264795-17} 
20 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
ONLY FOR HFS: and Gross Food and Beverage Revenue] amounts agreed on between you and your 
insurance company that would have been paid to us in the absence of such casualty.   
 
8.2.5 
[INSERT ONLY FOR HFS: If Hotel accommodations are bundled with food and 
beverage arrangements or other services when charged to the customer, you will make a good faith 
reasonable allocation of the resulting revenue between Gross Rooms Revenue and Gross Food and 
Beverage Revenue, consistent with the Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry. 
 
8.3 
Other Fees.  You will timely pay or fund all amounts due us or any of our Affiliates for any 
invoices or for goods or services purchased by or provided to you or paid by us or any of our Affiliates on 
your behalf.   
 
8.4 
Taxes.  If a Gross Receipts Tax is imposed on us or any of our Affiliates based on 
payments made by you related to this Agreement, then you must reimburse us or the affected Affiliates for 
such Gross Receipts Tax to ensure that the amount we or our Affiliates retain, after paying the Gross 
Receipts Tax, equals the net amount of the payments you are required to pay us or our Affiliates had such 
Gross Receipts Tax not been imposed.  You are not required to pay income taxes payable by us or any of 
our Affiliates as a result of our net income relating to fees collected under this Agreement. 
 
8.5 
Application of Fees.  We may apply any amounts received from you to any amounts due 
under this Agreement. 
 
8.6 
Guaranty.  If we send you a written notice that you are in default of this Agreement for your 
failure to timely pay or fund all amounts due us or any of our Affiliates, then we may require, as an additional 
condition of curing the default, that you cause a third party that is acceptable to us to provide a guaranty 
covering all of your obligations under this Agreement in a form and substance that is acceptable to us. 
 
8.7 
Set-off.  We may, without prior notice to you, set off any amounts due to us or any of our 
Affiliates by you or any of your Affiliates against any amounts that we or our Affiliates owe to you or your 
Affiliates, to the extent such amounts arise under this Agreement or any of Your Hotel Agreements, without 
waiving any other rights and remedies we or any of our Affiliates may have available under this Agreement 
or any of Your Hotel Agreements or otherwise.   
 
9.0 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
 
9.1 
Our Proprietary Rights. 
 
9.1.1 
You will not contest, either directly or indirectly during or after the Term:   
 
9.1.1.1 
our (and/or any of our Affiliates’) ownership of, rights to and interest in 
the System, Brand, Marks and any of their elements or components, including present and future 
distinguishing characteristics and agree that neither you nor any design or construction professional 
engaged by you may use our Standards, our Manual or your approved Plans and Designs for any hotel or 
lodging project other than the Hotel;  
 
9.1.1.2 
our sole right to grant licenses to use all or any elements or 
components of the System;  
 
9.1.1.3 
that we (and/or our Affiliates) are the owner of (or the licensee of, with 
the right to sub-license) all right, title and interest in and to the Brand and the Marks used in any form and 
in any design, alone or in any combination, together with the goodwill they symbolize; or 
 
9.1.1.4 
the validity or ownership of the Marks.   
 
