 
 
6 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
We license the LivSmart Studios by Hilton hotel system (“System") consisting of the elements, 
including know-how, that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under 
the Brand. The System is designed to provide distinctive, high-quality lodging service at hotels 
licensed under the trademark “LivSmart Studios by Hilton”.  The System currently includes the 
Brand and the Marks; access to the Reservation Service; advertising, publicity and other 
marketing programs and materials; training programs and materials; standards, specifications 
and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel; and other 
elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual or in other communications to 
you, and programs for our inspecting your Hotel and consulting with you. We may add elements 
to the System or modify, alter or delete elements of the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, at a 
specified location, under the Brand. When we refer to a “Brand hotel” in this Disclosure Document, 
we mean hotels licensed under the LivSmart Studios by Hilton Brand unless we make it clear 
otherwise. You must follow the high standards we have established as the essence of the System. 
You will be required to make future investments. 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively.  New Development refers to new building construction.  Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel.  Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new  
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel.  Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application.  It is a form of Conversion.    
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
LivSmart Studios by Hilton hotels compete in the midscale extended-stay hotel market segment 
and cater to business travelers, families, vacationers, and those in need of lodging for extended 
stays, depending on the market and location. The market for your services will depend on your 
property's location, size and its type of operation. Our franchisees seek customers and business 
referrals from the local community and typically solicit business from: transient leisure and 
business travelers, and travel planners for those who need lodging for extended stays (such as 
relocation consultants, and corporate and government project planners) on a regional and 
national level. 
In general, you will compete with national extended-stay hotel chains and independently operated 
local hotels offering similar types of extended-stay hotel rooms to the same clientele. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System.  Accordingly, we reserve the right 
to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, serve as franchisee or 
licensee for, acquire or merge with, or be sold to or acquired by (regardless of the form of the 
transaction) competitive guest lodging facilities, networks, properties, or concepts anywhere, at 
