 
 
1 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
About the Franchisor, Its Parents and Its Predecessor 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “we” or “us” means Hilton Franchise 
Holding LLC, the Franchisor. "You" means the person(s) who signs the franchise agreement, the 
“Franchisee.” If you are a business entity, "you" means both the business entity and its owners. 
The “Brand” refers to the name or names under which we will license your Hotel. Our agent for 
service of process in the states whose franchise laws require us to name an agent for service is 
shown on Exhibit I.  Capitalized words not defined in this Disclosure Document have the meaning 
set forth in the Franchise Agreement. 
We are a Delaware limited liability company, formed in September 2007. For purposes of this 
franchise offering, we do business under the name “LivSmart Studios by Hilton.”  Our principal 
business address is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 USA, and our 
telephone number is 703-883-1000.  
We became the franchisor of hotels which operate under the LivSmart Studios by Hilton Brand in 
the 50 states of the United States, its Territories and Possessions and the District of Columbia 
(“US”) on January 9, 2024.  
Our parent company is Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc., a Delaware corporation formed 
on July 12, 2016 (“Hilton”).  Hilton’s parent company is Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a 
Delaware corporation formed on March 18, 2010 (NYSE: HLT) (“Hilton Worldwide”).  The 
principal business address of both companies is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, 
Virginia 22102 USA.   
Hilton became our parent company on January 4, 2017, as the successor to our previous parent 
company, Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (“Park”). Together, Hilton and Park have conducted a 
guest lodging business since 1946.  Park was originally called Hilton Hotels Corporation ("HHC") 
from May 29, 1946, to December 19, 2009.  It changed its name to Hilton Worldwide, Inc. (“HWI”) 
on December 20, 2009, and to Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. on June 1, 2016.  On January 4, 2017, 
Park became an independent company in a spin-off transaction.  As a result of that spin-off, 
nearly all company-owned hotels were divested with Park. For convenience, all references to 
“Hilton” in this Disclosure Document include HHC, HWI, and Park during the relevant time frames 
for each, unless otherwise noted. 
 
Our Other Brands 
 
Hilton Worldwide, through its subsidiaries, currently owns the following principal marks and their 
related guest lodging systems: Hilton™, Canopy™, Conrad™, Curio™, DoubleTree™, 
Embassy™, Graduate™, Hampton™, Hilton Garden Inn™, Home2™, Homewood™, LivSmart 
Studios by HiltonTM, LXR™, Motto™, NoMad, Signia by Hilton™, Spark by Hilton™, Tapestry™, 
Tempo™, Tru™, Waldorf Astoria™ (the “Hilton Worldwide Brands”). The Hilton Worldwide Brands 
may utilize name variations for suites hotels and may use the taglines “by Hilton” or “Collection 
by Hilton” in some markets or locations. The Hilton Worldwide Brands may have trademark 
registrations currently pending in some markets or locations.  
 
We have been the franchisor in the US for the Canopy and Curio brand hotels since 
October 15, 2014, the Conrad, DoubleTree, Embassy Suites, Hampton Inn/Hampton 
