 
 
13 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
counterclaims, in June 2021 the defendant filed an amended counterclaim alleging breach of 
contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent inducement, fraud, and 
unlawful practices under New York Franchise Law.  On July 28, 2022, the parties settled this case 
by agreeing to dismiss all claims and exchange general releases. 
 
San Pedro Inn, LP v. Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey Chancery 
Division General Equity Part, Union County Docket No. UNN-C- 121 19). 
On July 18, 2019, we sent a notice to terminate plaintiff’s franchise for a Hampton hotel for failure 
to cure a material breach of the franchise agreement.  On August 28, 2019, plaintiff filed a 
complaint alleging wrongful termination under the New Jersey Franchise Practices Act.  Plaintiff 
claimed that we imposed unreasonable Quality Assurance standards and that an inspection was 
hindered by plaintiff’s former employee. Plaintiff sought an injunction to stop the termination plus 
damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, and other relief. The Court denied the injunction on December 
18, 2019, and plaintiff filed a motion for reconsideration.  We filed an answer and counterclaim on 
January 21, 2020, denying the allegations and asserting claims for liquidated damages, attorneys’ 
fees, and costs.  The parties settled the case on September 25, 2020. The parties agreed to 
dismiss all claims, exchange general releases, and terminate the franchise on April 28, 2021 
without the payment of any termination damages or litigation costs by either party. 
Kathleen Soule v. Hilton Worldwide, Inc. and Doe Defendants 1-50 (Circuit Court, First Circuit, 
State of Hawaii, Civil No. 13-1-2790-10-KKS (Class Action)) 
On October 17, 2013, Kathleen Soule, individually and on behalf of all persons similarly situated 
(“Plaintiff”), filed a civil class action complaint against HWI, alleging that failure to disclose at the 
time a reservation was made that a resort fee was mandatory was a violation of Hawaii’s Uniform 
Deceptive Trade Practices Act. Plaintiff sought restitution, disgorgement of gains, actual, punitive 
and exemplary damages, statutory treble damages, pre-judgment interest, costs and 
disbursements, including attorneys’ fees and other relief in an unspecified amount. Without 
admitting any fault or wrongdoing, HWI entered into an agreed settlement with Plaintiff that was 
submitted to the court for approval in February 2015 and ultimately settled in August 2015.  Under 
the settlement, HWI agreed to pay $178,000 and issue $20 vouchers or gift cards to each affected 
customer for each night of their covered hotel stays. 
U.S. v. Hilton Hotels Corporation, et al. (United States District Court, District of Oregon, Case No. 
70-310).  
On or about May 12, 1970, the United States filed a civil complaint against HHC  among other 
defendants, alleging the violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act consisting of engaging in a 
combination and conspiracy in restraint of trade by giving preferential treatment to hotel suppliers 
paying assessments to the Greater Portland Convention Association, and by curtailing or 
threatening to curtail purchases of hotel supplies from hotel suppliers which did not pay 
assessments to the Greater Portland Convention Association. Pursuant to a stipulation filed 
October 26, 1971, the court entered a final judgment on or about November 29, 1971, enjoining 
and restraining HHC, its subsidiaries, and the officers and directors of HHC and its subsidiaries, 
from engaging in any agreement, understanding, combination, conspiracy or concert of action to 
give or promise to give preferential treatment in purchasing hotel supplies to any hotel suppliers, 
or to curtail or terminate or threaten to curtail or terminate the purchase of hotel supplies from any 
hotel suppliers.  The order and injunction further restrained and enjoined HHC from engaging in 
activities which were the subject matter of the Complaint in the action. This restraining order and 
