 
 
48 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
App. This system requires a control module that is connected to each in-room television along 
with certain electrical fixtures, which you must purchase from us or our approved vendors. The 
cost of this system is currently between $28,905 and $34,545, and the cost of the electrical fixtures 
is competitive with equivalent standard fixtures. The initial installation costs are paid to the vendor 
before opening. You must also have maintenance and support from us or an approved vendor, 
which is paid to us and currently costs between $529 and $815 per month ($6,348 to $9,780 per 
year). These costs are normally not refundable.  
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus 
Hospitality, in a configuration we approve (the “Delphi system”). The initial set-up cost is currently 
covered by the Program Fee. You may choose to purchase licenses for use on-property, which 
currently cost $858 per user per year. You will pay all Delphi system fees to HSS, which are 
passed through to the vendor. The optional on-property license fee includes a 10% mark-up, 
which we keep to help cover our costs in developing and maintaining the Delphi system for 
Network Hotels. Depending on your hotel’s technology configuration, you may be required to 
utilize the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, which integrates with Delphi.fdc and other 
group booking systems. MeetingBroker is also powered by Amadeus Hospitality. There are no 
separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, although you may be required to 
sign a separate license agreement with Amadeus Hospitality to use it. We are not obligated to 
provide any maintenance or updates for either of these systems. You must maintain and update 
them at your cost to remain in compliance with the Standards. There are no limits on the frequency 
or cost of this obligation. We will have independent access to your Hotel’s event sales information 
stored in these systems (including accounts, inventory, bookings and other data). There are no 
contractual limitations on our right to access this information.   
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $1,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS will have the 
Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening and is not 
refundable.  
Digital Key System 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key. There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above.   
Digital Payment System 
You must install our approved Digital Payment system, which provides guests with the ability to 
pay for hotel charges using credit cards, debit cards, and digital payment apps and other online 
services that we approve, such as Google Pay and Apple Pay (“Digital Payments”). The approved 
credit cards, debit cards, third-party apps and other payment providers may change over time in 
accordance with the Standards.  
