 
 
69 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement 
Summary 
extend 
original Franchise Agreement, and you must comply with any 
PIP performance conditions that we specify. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but 
if we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be 
asked to sign a new HITS Agreement with materially different 
terms and conditions from the original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise Agreement 
before expiration of the Term. If you unilaterally terminate the 
Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a material breach of 
the Franchise Agreement, and you must pay to us, on demand, 
Liquidated Damages, or we may seek to recover actual 
damages in certain circumstances. 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA §11.1 
Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any 
proposed taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent domain, 
and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on notice to 
you and will release you from the obligation to pay Liquidated 
Damages. 
FA §11.2 
Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force Majeure. If 
the casualty requires closing of the Hotel, you may choose to 
repair or rebuild according to the Standards provided that the 
Hotel reopens no later than 18 months after the closing.  If you 
elect not to repair or rebuild the hotel after a condemnation or 
casualty to the hotel, we may terminate the franchise 
agreement on notice to you.  We will release you from the 
obligation to pay Liquidated Damages as long as you and your 
Affiliates do not own or operate a hotel at the site under a 
lease, license or franchise with a Competitor within 3 years 
after the termination. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement that allows you to operate the Hotel, we can 
terminate the HITS Agreement. 
f. Termination by 
us with cause 
FA §13 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement or any 
attachment to it. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the HITS Agreement.  Termination 
of the Franchise Agreement also terminates the HITS 
Agreement. 
g. "Cause" 
defined – 
defaults which 
can be cured  
FA §§8.6 and 13.1 
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement by written notice 
to you at any time before its expiration on any of the following 
grounds: (1) you fail to pay us any sums due and owing to us or 
our Affiliates or to pay or fund any amounts due under any of 
Your Hotel Agreements within the cure period in the notice (at 
least 10 days); (2) you fail to commence or complete the Hotel 
Work by the applicable deadline, including any extensions, or 
fail to open the Hotel on the Opening Date, and do not cure that 
default within the cure period in the notice (at least 10 days); 
(3) you do not purchase or maintain required insurance or do 
