 
 
5 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Brand Offered 
Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
Motto 
None 
Signia by Hilton   
None  
Spark 
None 
Tapestry 
None 
Tempo 
None 
Tru 
None 
Waldorf Astoria 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. 
Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will 
provide you with its national and international reservation services and systems 
("Reservation Service"). Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all 
System Hotels, as well as the hotels of the franchising entities, unless prohibited by law. 
The principal business address of Reservations Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas 
Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and 
suppliers for the sourcing and distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, 
equipment and supplies, certain food and beverage equipment supplies, and certain hotel 
services. You may purchase these items from HSM or such third parties, but you are not 
obligated to do so except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and 
administers the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the 
programs of Hilton Honors Worldwide. 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and 
support services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology System 
Agreement (“HITS Agreement”). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, may own, lease 
and/or manage Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity to have one 
of our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at the same 
time as, or after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor 
franchisor entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of 
our affiliates is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise 
noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for extended-stay hotels which will operate in 
the US under the LivSmart Studios by Hilton Brand.  Our affiliates offer franchises for extended-
stay hotels that will operate outside the US under the LivSmart Studios by Hilton Brand under 
separate disclosure documents. 
