 
 
74 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement 
Summary 
credit, background investigation, operations experience, prior 
business dealings, and other relevant factors.  Proposed 
transferee must submit a completed and signed Change of 
Ownership Application, pay our Franchise Application Fee, sign 
our then-current form of franchise agreement, agree to our 
request for upgrades to the hotel (which may include payment 
of a PIP fee); agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend us 
and our affiliates against any action by a Government Entity 
arising in connection with any fees or costs you charged to 
customers; and, if applicable, the Proposed transferee’s 
guarantors must sign our then-current form of guaranty of 
franchise agreement. Proposed transferee must not be a 
Sanctioned Person or a Competitor. If the transferee has SBA 
financing, you and the transferee must agree to escrow and 
disburse our estimated fees to us at closing. We will refund any 
excess about 30 days after closing.   
FA §12.3 
You must give 60 days’ advance notice of a public offering or 
private placement; follow our instructions about the use of the 
Marks and disclosure; and indemnify us from any claims 
related to the offer or sale of your securities; pay a processing 
fee when you submit the request and pay any additional costs 
we may incur. 
FA §12.4 
You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the hotel or 
an Equity Interest to a lender that finances the acquisition, 
development or operation of the hotel, without notifying us or 
obtaining our consent, if (i) you or the applicable Equity Owner 
are the sole borrower, and (ii) the loan is not secured by any 
other hotels or other collateral. You must notify us of any other 
proposed mortgage or pledge, including any collateral 
assignment of this Agreement, and obtain our consent, which 
we may withhold in our business judgment. We will evaluate 
the proposed mortgage or pledge according to our then-current 
procedure and standards for processing such requests. We 
may issue our consent in the form of a “lender comfort letter” 
agreement in a form satisfactory to us, and may include an 
estoppel and general release of claims. We charge a fee for the 
processing of a lender comfort letter. 
FA §5.1.24 
You may lease or sublease commercial space in the hotel, or 
enter into concession arrangements for operations in 
connection with the hotel, in the ordinary course of business, 
subject to our right to review and approve the nature of the 
proposed business and the proposed brand and concept, all in 
keeping with our then current Standards for System Hotels. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is a 
Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise Agreement, 
HSS may permit the HITS Agreement to be assigned. 
n. Our right of first 
refusal to 
acquire your 
business 
FA §19 
None but you must notify us if you want to market any equity 
interests, other than a Transfer under § 12.2.1 or § 12.2.2. 
 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
None. 
