 
 
51 
2025 US LivSmart Studios by Hilton 
expenses are not refundable. The conference may be held at various hotel locations.  Currently, 
the cost is up to $2,500 per attendee. 
 
2. 
General Manager, Commercial and Sales Leader Training. Your general manager and 
other commercial leaders must complete this virtual learning program within 90 days of their start 
date. This training is required for all new general managers and commercial leaders, and those 
who have been away from the Brand or the role for more than 24 months. When a qualified 
general manager or commercial leader leaves the role, you must have a replacement person 
(even if temporary) complete the training so that your Hotel does not have more than 90 days 
without a qualified person overseeing the function. The specific curriculum of this training and the 
attendant cost may vary based on the trainee’s experience in the role. Currently, the cost is up to 
$1,200 per attendee. 
 
3. 
Hilton Property Management System (“HPMS”) Training.  Before the opening of your 
Hotel, all Hotel staff that will be utilizing HPMS must first complete their respective training based 
on their role. This training is mandatory for all personnel working in the designated subject areas. 
We will verify that all front desk staff and management have successfully completed training. If 
your staff have not completed the required training, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. 
Currently, there is no separate fee for this training.   
 
4. 
OnQ Rate & Inventory and GRO Training.  Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be 
utilizing the OnQ Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective 
self-paced web-based training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all 
reservations and revenue management staff have successfully completed training and have 
passed a certification test by at least a minimum score of 80%. Up to 3 of your management staff 
must be certified, based on the number of rooms. If your staff does not attain the minimum score, 
the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is no separate fee for this training.   
 
5. 
Hilton Honors Training. The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University.  
This training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable 
front office personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 
14 to 45 days of their start date, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for 
this training. 
 
6. 
Hilton Core Sales Skills. Your General Manager must successfully complete this 
certification program within 90 days of their start date. This program teaches Hilton’s sales 
process and reinforces critical consultative selling skills. Attendees must complete the applicable 
track to complete the certification: The “Foundations” track is for attendees with less than 2 years 
of experience.  It consists of a 6-week blended learning program. The “Accelerated” track is for 
attendees with 2 or more years of experience. It consists of a 2-week blended learning program. 
Currently, the cost is up to $600 per attendee. 
7. 
ADA Training.  If you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change 
of Ownership Transfer for the Hotel, we may require you or personnel you designate to attend an 
online training in order to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA consultant to 
determine the Hotel’s compliance with the ADA. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. 
 
8. 
Annual Compliance Training. Your Hotel must meet annual compliance training 
requirements. Topics may include diversity and inclusion, unconscious bias, harassment 
prevention, human trafficking prevention, disability awareness, cyber security, and health and 
