© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
10 
October 2025 
promote brand awareness and enhance new store performance while incenting new store growth.  
While the specifics of these programs vary, in general they include purchasing media at a level 
consistent with a level afforded by a more developed market in conjunction with operational and 
marketing efforts to drive local awareness.  These programs vary by the cost of media and needs 
of the market and may be altered or suspended at any time. 
We create, produce and provide marketing and sales promotion materials.  We attempt to 
negotiate group discount rates for the benefit of our franchisees for wholesale supplies, 
merchandise, and services. 
The Franchise Relations Pact 
In 2017, Papa Murphy’s and the franchisees adopted a Franchise Relations Pact to serve as 
guiding principles for the relationship.  The Franchise Relations Pact is grounded in open 
communication and sharing of information to create an atmosphere of trust, respect and 
cooperation and to build a one-brand mentality for the success of all of the stakeholders of the 
Papa Murphy’s brand. 
Industry Specific Regulations 
We know of no legal regulations that relate specifically to our industry apart from those 
that relate to all food-related businesses.  Many state and local laws require food service permits 
for those handling food.  Your employees and you may need to pass a test to obtain such permits.  
There may be laws governing food storage, preparation and service, and inspections relating to 
these laws.  You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws that apply to your operations 
including among others health (such as nutrition, menu labeling and health care), sanitation, no 
smoking, environmental (packaging, bottled water, etc.), Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, discrimination, employment, data 
security and privacy, tax, and sexual harassment laws.  The Americans with Disabilities Act of 
1990 requires readily accessible accommodations for disabled people and may affect your building 
construction, site design, entrance ramps, doors, bathrooms, etc.  You must also obtain real estate 
permits, licenses, and operational licenses.  Federal, state and local laws and regulations also 
regulate businesses handling food and food products, in particular refrigerated and frozen food 
items, and these laws and regulations will apply to your business.  In additional, federal and state 
laws regulate the acceptance of USDA Electronic Benefit Transfer (food stamps) payments.  You 
should carefully review these laws with your own attorney to be sure that you understand and 
comply with all of these requirements.   
Prior Business Experience 
We have offered take and bake pizza franchises since 1995.  Our predecessor, Papa Aldo’s 
International, Inc., offered franchises beginning in 1982.  Comurphyco Franchise Corporation, also 
a predecessor-in-interest, offered franchises from 1986.  These companies merged into Papa 
Murphy’s International, Inc., now known as Papa Murphy’s International LLC, and we have been 
franchising under this name since 1995.  We, or our affiliates, operate company-owned stores of 
the type being franchised.  These stores are part of the Papa Murphy’s franchise system and are 
