 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
8 
October 2025 
3.8 
Timing for Opening the Franchised Business.  You acknowledge that time is of the 
essence.  Subject to your compliance with the conditions contained herein, you must open the 
Franchised Business and commence operations within one year after the Effective Date 
(“Required Opening Date”) set forth in Attachment A.  If you fail to comply with the 
requirements identified in Section 3.7 above, we will have the right to prohibit you from opening 
the Franchised Business.   
3.9 
Extension Fee.  If you cannot develop and open the Franchised Business by the 
Required Opening Date, you may request in writing that we approve an extension of up to six 
months within which you must open the Franchised Business.  You must pay us a non-refundable 
extension fee of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) when you request the extension 
regarding the Franchised Business.  If we grant an extension pursuant to a request, the extension 
will be limited to the period we determine, not to exceed six months. 
3.10 
Relocation of Franchised Location.  
(a) 
You may not relocate the Franchised Business without our prior written 
consent.  This Agreement does not grant you the right or license to operate the Franchised Business 
from any location except the Franchised Location or to use the Methods of Operation or the Marks 
to offer or sell any products, merchandise or services through any channel of distribution except 
the Franchised Business or as specified in the Manual. 
(b) 
If you are unable to continue the operation of the Franchised Business at the 
Franchised Location because of a force majeure event, casualty, or condemnation, or if there is a 
change in character of the Franchised Location sufficiently detrimental to its business potential to 
warrant its relocation, you may request, in writing, our approval to relocate the Franchised 
Business to another location in the Site Selection Area.  Any such request to relocate the 
Franchised Business shall also be subject to our written approval.  If we decide to grant you the 
right to relocate the Franchised Business, you must comply with the site selection and construction 
procedures described in this Section 3 with respect to the new Franchised Location.  Any such 
relocation shall be at your sole expense and we shall have the right to charge you for any costs 
incurred by us, together with a fee up to $5,000 for services provided to you in connection with 
any relocation of the Franchised Business. 
4. 
FRANCHISE, ROYALTY AND ONLINE ORDERING FEES AND OTHER 
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
4.1 
Franchise Fees.  Upon the signing of this Agreement, you will pay us the applicable 
amount set forth below, plus, if due and payable, all applicable federal, state or municipal taxes, 
as a non-recurring franchise fee.  The Franchise Fee will be paid by means of check, money order, 
wire transfer or electronic funds transfer.  The Franchise Fee is fully earned upon payment and is 
nonrefundable.   
(a) 
If this is your first franchise, you will pay us a nonrefundable Initial Franchise 
Fee (“Initial Franchise Fee”) upon the signing of this Agreement of $25,000.   
