 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
35 
October 2025 
(c) 
All Proof of Insurance is subject to approval by us.  We reserve the right to 
require complete, certified copies of all required insurance policies at any time.  In the event you 
fail to obtain the required insurance and to keep the same in full force and effect, we may, but shall 
not be obligated to, purchase insurance on your behalf from an insurance carrier of our choice, and 
you must reimburse us for the full cost of such insurance, along with a reasonable service charge 
to compensate us for the time and effort expended to secure such insurance, within five days of 
the date we deliver an invoice detailing such costs and expenses to you.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, your failure to obtain insurance constitutes a material breach of this Agreement entitling 
us to terminate this Agreement or exercise any or a combination of the other default remedies set 
forth in Section 7 of this Agreement.   
(d) 
You must also procure and pay for all other insurance required by state or 
federal law.   
(e) 
We reserve the right to modify minimum insurance requirements or the types 
of coverage required at any time by updating the Manual. 
(f) 
All public liability and property damage policies shall contain a provision that 
we, although named as an additional insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to recover under such 
policies on any loss occasioned by us or our shareholders, members, directors, managers, 
employees or agents. 
(g) 
All liability insurance policies procured and maintained by you in connection 
with the Franchised Business will require the insurance company to provide and pay for attorneys 
to defend any legal actions, lawsuits or claims brought against you, us, our affiliates and our and 
our affiliates’ respective officers, directors, managers, shareholders, members, agents, employees, 
and all other entities or individuals designated by Franchisor as additional insureds. 
(h) 
You will notify us immediately in writing of any event that could materially 
affect you or the Franchised Business, and no later than the date on which you notify your 
insurance carrier. 
(i) 
We make no representation or warranty that compliance with these insurance 
requirements will insure you against all insurable risks or losses. 
(j) 
Your compliance with insurance requirements will not relieve you of your 
liability under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
9.4 
Condemnation and Casualty.   
(a) 
You shall give us notice of any proposed taking through the exercise of the 
power of eminent domain, at the earliest possible time.  If the Franchised Location or a substantial 
part of the Franchised Location is to be taken, you may request relocation and we may or may not 
approve your request.  Any such approval must be in writing.  If such relocation is approved by 
us, it will be within an area specified by us and the exact location shall be subject to our further 
written approval.  If such relocation is authorized and you open at a new location in accordance 
with our specifications within 60 days of the closing of the old location, the new location will 
