 
Attachment C to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
5 
October 2025 
23. 
Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Lease and the terms 
of this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall control. 
 
24. 
Change in Building Ownership.  In the event the Landlord declares bankruptcy or 
the ownership of the premises is otherwise transferred to someone other than the named Landlord, 
Tenant shall be assured that the material provisions in the Lease including, but not limited to rent, 
term, maintenance obligations, use, relocation, and maintenance expenses shall remain consistent 
with the terms herein. 
 
25. 
Contractors/Subcontractors.  In the event the Landlord requires that certain 
contractors/subcontractors or maintenance companies be used by the Tenant, the cost for said 
services shall be consistent with other contractors or maintenance companies of the same trade. 
 
26. 
Discovery of Hazardous Material.  In the event that Tenant’s contractor discovers 
asbestos-containing material or any other hazardous material within the premises, Landlord shall 
be responsible for the abatement of said hazardous material at its sole cost and expense.  In the 
event that Tenant’s opening is delayed as a result of the abatement, the Lease/rent commencement 
date will be extended one day for every day that construction is held up.  For the purposes of this 
Addendum, hazardous material shall be defined as that which is considered hazardous material by 
the National Environment Protection Agency at the time of Lease execution. 
 
27. 
Non-Structural Changes.  Tenant shall be allowed to make non-structural changes 
to the premises without obtaining Landlord approval providing said changes do not exceed 
$25,000 per occurrence or require a building permit. 
 
IN WITNESS THEREOF:  Landlord and Tenant have signed this Addendum as of the 
day and year first written. 
 
 
LANDLORD: 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TENANT: 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
