© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
38 
October 2025 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Column 1 
Subject 
Column 2 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Column 3 
Hours of On-the-
Job Training 
Column 4 
Location 
Technology 
- Store Solutions 
- Olo Dashboard 
- Pulse Realtime 
 
The training program consists of job aids, professional consultation and training materials 
which are comprised of videos, handouts, manuals, presentations and discussions.  Training will 
cover recipes, product preparation and presentation, general business operations, retail sales 
practices, franchise systems management, bookkeeping and financial management, inventory 
control and purchasing, security practices, equipment operations, marketing, increasing sales at 
your location and assisting in creating relationships with your guests.   
The Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise Solution Training, and Foundations Class are 
included in the Initial Franchise Fee for up to two individuals that have signed the franchise 
agreement.  The cost of Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise Solution Training and 
Foundations Class training is $750 for each additional franchisee or non-owner attendee.   
The Operations In-Store Training, and Enterprise Solution Training are held at designated 
Papa Murphy’s training stores.  In most instances, travel to the training store will be required.  
Foundations Class is held virtually.  Travel, accommodations, meals, wage and other expenses 
during all training are borne by you.  (See ITEM 7.)  The training program must be completed by 
at least one individual that has signed the franchise agreement.   
Foundations Class may occur before or after Operations In-Store Training.  Operations In-
Store Training and Enterprise Solution Training are held as frequently as necessary to 
accommodate new franchisees.  Foundations Class is held no less than six times per year.   
Your training instructor for Foundations Class will be one or more of the following 
individuals: 
Amy Keen became Vice President of Training of Papa Murphy’s in January 2024.  
Ms. Keen is responsible for overseeing the whole training department for Papa Murphy’s ensuring 
that all training programs remain relevant to our business and our learners are effectively trained. 
Ms. Keen has also been overseeing the BBQ Holdings Training Department since 2020.  Prior to 
BBQ Holdings, she was with Granite City Food and Brewery since 1999 in various roles from 
General Manager, New Store Opening Coordinator, and Director of Training. 
Julian Magennis became Director of New Store Openings of Papa Murphy’s in January 
2024.  Mr. Magennis is responsible for ensuring that the New Store Opening planning remains on 
track with all our departments.  He ensures that the training materials and training programs are 
effective for each opening.  He is also responsible for the opening team that supports new stores. 
Mr. Magennis has also been the Director of New Store Openings for BBQ Holdings since 2021 
and was with Granite City Food and Brewery as General Manager prior for ten years. 
