 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
12 
October 2025 
representatives shall have the right to examine your original books, records, and supporting 
documents, including but not limited to all of those listed in Section 4.8, wherever they are located, 
at reasonable times, and to perform, with or without notice to you, such tests, analyses, and 
inspections as we deem appropriate to verify your sales and your compliance with any other terms 
of this Agreement.  Upon our request and at your sole expense, you or your accountants or 
representatives will send copies of these books, records, and documents to us or our 
representatives.  If we determine that your actual Net Sales are higher than those you have reported 
to us, you will immediately pay all sums owed to us, the Brand Marketing Fund, and your 
advertising cooperative, plus interest at 1.5 percent per month (18 percent per annum) or the 
highest permissible rate.  We will bear the cost of the audit unless you (1) understate Net Sales for 
any reported time period, (2) fail or refuse to furnish required reports or supporting records on a 
timely basis for two or more consecutive reporting periods, (3) fail or refuse to make the books 
and records available for an audit after receiving reasonable, advance notice from us, or 
(4) otherwise fail or refuse to cooperate with the audit or requests made by us or our 
representatives, in which case you will reimburse us for the audit cost, including travel, 
accommodations, meals, salaries, and other expenses of the inspecting or audit personnel, plus pay 
us interest at 1.5 percent per month (18 percent per annum) or the highest permissible rate.  Any 
payments made pursuant to this Section will be without prejudice to any other remedies that we 
may have under this Agreement or by law, including but not limited to the right to terminate this 
Agreement, without opportunity to cure, in the case of intentional underreporting of Net Sales, 
regardless of the amount involved.  
4.10 
Application of Payments; Setoff; Security Interest.  We may apply any payment 
from you to any past due indebtedness you owe to us or to our affiliates, whether from fee 
payments, purchases, late payment charges, or for any other reason.  We may set off from any 
amount due to you any amount past due to us, our affiliates or any designated cooperative.  You 
hereby grant us a security interest in all of your business assets, including furniture, fixtures, 
equipment, and inventory, to secure any amounts due us.  You hereby authorize us to file a standard 
UCC-1 financing statement, or its equivalent for the applicable state, to record our security interest. 
4.11 
Vendor and Supplier Payments.  We may receive payments from vendors or 
suppliers.  All payments received shall be placed into the Brand Marketing Fund or a fund 
established for the benefit of the System.    
4.12 
Bookkeeping and Payroll Services.  We require you to retain a bookkeeping and 
payroll service that meets our criteria for the first year of operation of the Franchised Business.  
We will have access to and specify requirements and forms of all information and reports generated 
by the service. 
4.13 
Third Party Programs.  From time to time, we may require you, at your expense, to 
participate in certain third party vendor programs.  Examples of such programs may include but 
are not limited to customer loyalty, delivery, text, centralized call center, food service incident 
management, etc.  We may require you to directly pay a third party provider or reimburse us for 
the cost of such third party vendor programs and our administrative expenses thereto. 
