 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
5 
October 2025 
guarantee that a Franchised Business operated at that site will be profitable or otherwise successful.  
You also assume all cost, liability, expense and responsibility for constructing and equipping the 
Franchised Business at the Franchised Location.  You may not make any binding commitment to 
a prospective vendor or landlord with respect to a site for the Franchised Business until the site is 
reviewed, evaluated, and approved in accordance with this Section 3. 
(b) 
We may require you to enter into a Development Billing Agreement under 
which we will pay, on your behalf, various third party vendors for the development and marketing 
of the Franchised Location.  You will place funds in a specified bank account and authorize us to 
access such account electronically to pay third party vendors for various costs related to the build-
out and marketing of the Franchised Location.  We will not be liable for any vendor-related costs 
associated with Franchised Location development and you must indemnify us from all damages, 
claims and expenses in providing this service to you.  Such amounts you pay to us are non-
refundable. 
(c) 
Prior to securing a site for the Franchised Business by lease or purchase:   
(i) 
You, with our site selection assistance, must submit to us, in writing, 
in the form we specify, a description of the proposed site.  You will complete all site submission 
documents required by us (“Site Submission Package”) at least 20 days prior to executing your 
lease.  The Site Submission Package will contain information that you prepare about your proposed 
site, proposed economics of the deal and other relevant information about your trade area.  The 
Site Submission Package must be submitted with such other information and materials as we may 
reasonably require, including a letter of intent or other evidence satisfactory to us that confirms 
your favorable prospects for obtaining the proposed site and the landlord’s willingness to sign the 
Addendum to Lease attached to this Agreement as Attachment C.  We will review and approve 
your proposed site based on this and other information.   
(ii) 
We will order on your behalf an independent survey of the premises 
and any additional surveys that we deem necessary.  You must reimburse us for the cost of any 
surveys. 
(iii) 
We will have 20 days after receipt of the Site Submission Package and 
additional information and materials to approve or disapprove the proposed site as the location for 
the Franchised Business.  No site may be used for the location of the Franchised Business unless 
it is first reviewed, evaluated, and approved in writing by us, and any objections are resolved by 
you to our satisfaction.  If within 20 days after receipt of the Site Submission Package, we have 
not advised you in writing that the proposed site is disapproved, the proposed site will be deemed 
approved by us for you to use.   
(iv) 
After a site for the Franchised Business is approved by us and acquired 
by you, the site shall be described as the Franchised Location. 
3.3 
Our Approval of a Lease or Purchase Agreement.   
(a) 
If you purchase the Franchised Location, you must submit a copy of the 
proposed contract of sale to us for our review 20 days prior to your signing the contract and you 
