 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
15 
October 2025 
contribute your share to the cooperative advertising and promotional programs in your advertising 
coverage area.  
(b) 
Your contributions to cooperative advertising or promotional programs will 
be credited toward the minimum Local Marketing Expense.  Any such cooperatives will establish 
the procedures for contribution payments.  You may be required to belong to and contribute a 
minimum of 5 percent of Net Sales or any other amount in excess of 5 percent that your 
cooperative membership elects to contribute to any cooperative to which you are assigned.  The 
cooperative membership may elect to require a greater contribution rate than is required by this 
Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary and for the 
avoidance of doubt, no increase or decrease to the cooperative contribution will be made without 
our prior written consent and approval.  We may designate the coverage area and method and 
timing of payment; and may form, change, merge or dissolve cooperative advertising groups; and 
may approve or disapprove any outside agencies, as well as any articles, bylaws and other 
governing documents, and any and all activities and advertising of any such cooperative 
advertising group; and may specify maximum resale prices to the extent permitted by law.  All 
cooperatives will report to us in the manner required by, and follow all requirements of, this 
Agreement. 
6. 
YOUR DUTIES 
6.1 
Time to Complete Training and Commence Operation.  You, or your designated 
operating partner if the Franchise Owner is an entity, will complete to our satisfaction the 
mandatory training program and commence full and continuous operation of the Franchised 
Business by the Required Opening Date as set forth on Attachment A.  You must comply with 
the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, those regarding site location and 
premises development before opening. 
6.2 
Permits, Licenses, and Laws.  You will obtain all local permits and licenses 
necessary to operate the Franchised Business before you begin operations.  You must comply with 
all civil and criminal laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and orders of public authorities relating 
to the maintenance and operation of the Franchised Business, including but not limited to those 
relating to health, safety, sanitation, employment, immigration, taxation, privacy, accommodation, 
and environmental regulation.  You must notify us in writing within five days of the 
commencement of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, and of the issuance of any order, 
injunction, award of decree, by any court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality that may 
adversely affect the operation or financial condition of you or the Franchised Business. 
6.3 
Uniformity and Image.  Your adherence to the Methods of Operation and proper 
use of the Marks is essential to maintaining a uniform image and high standards of the Franchised 
Business.  In order to maintain uniform standards of quality, appearance, and marketing, you must 
conform to our Mark usage standards and specifications, including signage and marketing.   
6.4 
Specifications and Standards.  You must operate the Franchised Business in 
accordance with the required Methods of Operation and other required specifications and standards 
stated in the Manual, including but not limited to those applicable to menus, fixtures, equipment, 
interior décor, inventory, food preparation, Multi-Area Marketing Programs and Promotions, trade 
