Exhibit F – State Law Addenda 
6 
October 2025 
3. 
A release issued upon renewal or transfer of the franchise agreement may not apply 
to claims arising under the General Business Law of the State of New York, Article 33, Section 680 
through 695.  
4. 
Under Article 33 of the New York State General Business Law, a provision in the 
franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside of New York or requiring 
the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable 
under this law.  
NORTH DAKOTA 
To the extent required by North Dakota law, the Franchise Disclosure Document or 
Franchise Agreement are amended as follows: 
1. 
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned in Item 17 may be subject to 
Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code and unenforceable in the State of North Dakota 
if contrary to Section 9-08-06.   
2. 
The North Dakota Securities commissioner has held the following to be unfair, 
unjust or inequitable to North Dakota franchisees (NDCC Section 51-19-09) and the following 
may not be enforceable under North Dakota law:   
A. 
Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts 
outside of North Dakota. 
B. 
Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to liquidated damages or 
termination penalties.   
C. 
Franchise agreements that specify that they are to be governed by the laws 
of a state other than North Dakota. 
D.  
Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the waiver of a trial by 
jury.   
E. 
Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a waiver of exemplary 
and punitive damage. 
F. 
Franchise agreements that require the franchisee to sign a general release 
upon renewal of the franchise agreement. 
G. 
Franchise agreements that require the franchisee to consent to a limitation 
of claims.  The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
H. 
Franchise agreements that require the franchisee to pay all costs and 
expenses incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement.  The prevailing party in 
any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses including attorney's 
fees. 
