 
Exhibit L – Development Billing Agreement 
3 
October 2025 
demands, actions, lawsuits, judgments, settlements, damages, claims, liens, penalties, 
liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees at any administrative 
proceeding, trial and on any appeal) arising out of or resulting in any way from: (1) any 
dispute between Franchise Owner and Vendor or other third party; (2) property damage, 
bodily injury or death related to development of the Store; and (3) Franchise Owner’s breach 
or violation of any term or condition of this Agreement, including but not limited to failure 
to pay any obligation.  Franchise Owner will be responsible for and pay PMI’s reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in any proceeding, including mediation and/or arbitration, 
where PMI successfully enforces its rights under this indemnity provision.  This 
indemnification obligation is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any indemnification obligation 
that Franchise Owner may have to PMI under another agreement. 
8. 
Notices.  All notices under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed 
given when delivered or placed in the United States mail, certified, postage prepaid or via a 
nationally-recognized overnight courier or delivery service, addressed to the respective party at 
the respective address set forth in the franchise agreement.  Any party may change its address for 
notices under this Agreement by giving written notice to the other parties. 
9. 
Modification.  This Agreement may be waived, amended, modified or terminated 
only in a writing signed by PMI and Franchise Owner. 
10. 
Governing Law.  This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of 
Washington without regard to conflicts of law principles.  If any provision of this Agreement is 
held unlawful or unenforceable in any respect, such illegality or unenforceability will not affect 
other provisions or applications that can be given effect and this Agreement will be construed and 
enforced as if the unlawful or unenforceable provision or application had never been contained in 
or prescribed by this Agreement. 
11. 
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and 
understanding among the parties relative to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings relating to such subject matter. 
12. 
Binding Effect.  This Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the 
parties and their successors and assigns. 
13. 
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts and by 
electronic methods, each of which will be an original, and all of which will constitute one and the 
same instrument. 
[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 
