 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
3 
October 2025 
(b) 
You may not relocate the Franchised Business without our prior written 
approval as set forth in Section 3.10 of this Agreement.   
(c) 
If you are a legal entity, each of your owners must sign the Owner Agreement 
and Guaranty for All Entity Franchise Owners in the form attached as Attachment B. 
2.2 
Reservation of Rights.  You will not receive an exclusive territory or any protected 
area and we expressly reserve all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement, including the 
following rights: 
(a) 
We may establish company-owned or franchised operations using our 
Methods of Operation, trade names or trademarks, including one or more of the Marks, that will 
compete with you, at any location we select; 
(b) 
We may offer and sell food products or other products, including products 
ready for immediate consumption, under the Marks or any other marks, through retail food stores, 
convenience stores, hotel shops, kiosks, theatres, malls, airports, gas stations, college campuses, 
or other venues, at other retail locations, at special events or through any other channels of 
distribution, including other restaurants, mail order, catalog sales, over the Internet, and retail or 
government/military channels.  ECS is a channel of distribution reserved exclusively to us.  You 
may not independently market through the Internet or any other ECS, establish or operate your 
own website, accept online orders through any website or other form of e-commerce other than a 
website operated by us or conduct any other form of e-commerce. You may not utilize social media 
sites or other forms of ECS to promote your Franchised Business, other than through us and as we 
may direct.  We will direct or control use of social media sites and other electronic media;  
(c) 
We may purchase or be purchased by, or merge or combine with, competing 
businesses wherever located, including a chain of company-owned or franchised locations that 
competes directly with your Franchised Business;  
(d) 
We may offer franchises in the future, and have done so in the past, on terms 
we deem appropriate, including terms that differ from this Agreement; and 
(e) 
We may conduct Multi-Area Marketing Programs and Promotions anywhere.  
We reserve the right to determine all policies and practices related to Multi-Area Marketing 
Programs and Promotions, including the right to set maximum resale prices to the extent permitted 
by law. 
2.3 
Initial Training.   
(a) 
The Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise Solution Training, and 
Foundations Class are mandatory and must be completed prior to commencing operations at the 
Franchised Business.  We will provide Operations In-Store Training and Enterprise Solution 
Training in a designated Papa Murphy’s training store.  Foundations Class will be held either 
virtually or at our support center in Vancouver, Washington.  This training course will cover the 
operation of a Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza store, including financial controls, marketing 
