 
 
Attachment D to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
2 
October 2025 
7. 
Confidential Information shall not be reproduced in any form except as required to 
accomplish the intent of this Agreement.  Any reproduction of any Confidential Information 
shall remain the property of the Company and shall contain any and all confidential or 
proprietary notices or legends which appear on the original, unless otherwise authorized in 
writing by the Company.  
8. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Washington without reference to conflict of law principles.  Any disputes under this 
Agreement may be brought in the applicable federal or state court for the judicial district in 
which Company has its principal place of business at the time the action is commenced.  The 
parties waive all issues of personal jurisdiction or venue for the purpose of enforcing this 
Section. This Agreement may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties 
hereto.  
9. 
The Recipient agrees that breach of this Agreement will cause Company irreparable harm 
for which recovery of monetary damages would be inadequate, and that the Company shall 
be entitled to obtain timely injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further 
relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.  
10. 
If any provision of this Agreement is found by a proper authority to be unenforceable or 
invalid, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the 
objectives of such unenforceable or invalid provision within the limits of applicable law or 
applicable court decisions.  
11. 
The Recipient will not assign or transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the Company.  
12. 
All notices or reports permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be delivered by personal delivery, electronic mail, facsimile transmission or by 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed given upon 
personal delivery, five days after deposit in the mail, or upon acknowledgement of receipt 
of electronic transmission.  Notices shall be sent to the addresses set forth at the end of this 
Agreement or such other addresses as either party may specify in writing.  
[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 
 
 
