PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1250 René-Lévesque Boulevard West, Suite 2500, Montréal, Quebec, Canada H3B 4Y1 
T: +1 514 205 5000, F: +1 514 876 1502 
“PwC” refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership. 
Report of Independent Auditors 
To the Management and Stockholder of MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MTY Franchising USA, Inc. and 
its subsidiaries (the “Company”), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of November 30, 
2022, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income 
(loss), of changes in stockholder’s equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related 
notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, 
the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its 
operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of 
America (US GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance 
with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Emphasis of Matter 
As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in 
which it accounts for leases in 2022. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, 
and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and 
fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are 
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are 
available to be issued. 
