 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
17 
October 2025 
6.8 
Remodel.  The Franchised Business, fixtures and equipment must be remodeled to 
conform to the then-current Methods of Operation and other standards and specifications as 
required by us no less frequently than once every ten years from the initial Commencement Date 
of the franchise agreement for the Franchised Business.  A “remodel” is defined as an investment 
of greater than $50,000, cumulatively, but excludes an Upgrade Investment as described in 
Section 6.7, as well as replacement of damaged or broken equipment or work required by health 
department or related agencies or other requirements. 
6.9 
Computer and Communication Systems.  
(a) 
You must acquire, use, maintain and upgrade point-of-sale, secure payment 
gateway and payment processing technology, computer, information processing and 
communication systems, accounting, cash control, labor management, and inventory control 
systems, including all applicable hardware, software, and hosting services and Internet and other 
network access providers, email address, and website vendors and/or services, as we may prescribe 
in the Manual (“PMI Enterprise Solution”).  You must comply with any separate software, 
application or other license agreement that we or our designee use in connection with providing 
these services.  You must utilize our required software, point-of-sale, proprietary database 
management and Intranet system, when available, as the exclusive means of tracking and 
maintaining customer, vendor, and related information (collectively, “Customer Data”), and for 
such other purposes we periodically prescribe in the Manual.  We reserve the right to require you 
to submit reports or data electronically on a frequency determined by us.  You must comply with 
all email usage policies adopted and revised by us respecting the Franchised Business.  You may 
not use social media or other forms of electronic communication or electronic commerce to 
promote your Franchised Business.  You must maintain a minimum of three telephone lines, or 
more as determined by us based on volume, for receiving inbound voice calls.  You must maintain 
one business-class high speed Internet access circuit, or more, as required by us.  You must access 
your email account regularly and at least once each day.  We or our agents may enter your business, 
physically or electronically, have access to the PMI Enterprise Solution and the data within it, 
along with any records, and examine or audit your business, at any reasonable time without notice.   
(b) 
Computer systems are vulnerable in varying degrees to hardware and 
software failures, configuration-related problems, computer viruses, bugs, power disruptions, 
communication line disruptions, Internet access failures, Internet content failures, date-related 
problems, and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders (“E-Problems”).  We do not 
guarantee that information or Electronic Communication Systems, or support of the same, that we 
or others supply will not be vulnerable to E-Problems.  It is your responsibility to protect yourself 
from E-Problems and you waive any and all claims you may have against us as the direct or indirect 
result of E-Problems.  You must notify us immediately of any suspected data breach at or in 
connection with the Franchised Business.  You must comply with any privacy policies or data 
protection and breach response policies that we may periodically establish. 
(c) 
It is your responsibility to make sure that you are in compliance with all laws 
that are applicable to the PMI Enterprise Solution or other technology used in the operation of your 
Franchised Business, including all data protection or security laws as well as Payment Card 
Industry (PCI) compliance. 
