 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
6 
October 2025 
must furnish to us a copy of the contract of sale within 10 days after the contract is signed by all 
parties.   
(b) 
If you lease the Franchised Location, we may require you to retain an attorney 
to conduct a review of the lease.  You must also submit a copy of the proposed lease to us for our 
review 20 days prior to signing the lease and you must furnish to us a copy of the lease within 10 
days after the lease is signed by all parties.  Any lease for a Franchised Location must include an 
Addendum to the Lease between you and the landlord in substantially the form attached as 
Attachment C.  We will have 10 days after receipt of the proposed lease or the proposed contract 
of sale to review and evaluate the contract or the lease and outline required revisions.  You must 
provide us with a copy of the fully-executed lease prior to opening the Franchised Business. 
3.4 
Permits and Licenses.  You are responsible for obtaining all zoning classifications, 
permits, variances, certificates of occupancy and clearances that may be required by state or local 
laws, ordinances or regulations or that may be necessary as a result of any restrictive covenants, 
reciprocal easement agreement, or other similar documentation relating to the Franchised 
Location.  Prior to beginning construction of the Franchised Business, you must (i) obtain all 
permits including, but not limited to, health code permits and building permits, licenses and 
certifications required for the lawful construction or remodeling and operation of the Franchised 
Business, and (ii) certify in writing to us that the insurance coverage specified in Section 9.3 is in 
full force and effect and that all required approvals, clearances, permits and certifications have 
been obtained.  You must provide to us copies of your insurance policies or certificates of 
insurance and copies of all such approvals, clearances, permits and certifications prior to beginning 
construction of the Franchised Business.  You must also provide us with a copy of your certificate 
of occupancy prior to opening the Franchised Business. 
3.5 
Design Plan for Your Franchised Location.  We will loan you a copy of our 
standards and specifications for the construction of your Franchised Business, including interior 
and exterior design, layout, floor plans, signs, color, décor, equipment and fixtures and such design 
and permit guidance as we or our affiliate deems appropriate and you must construct your 
Franchised Location in accordance with our standards and specifications.  Our design and permit 
guidance may include but not be limited to layout analyses, a preliminary design meeting for the 
layout of the Franchised Business site approved by us, layout design plans for the Franchised 
Location approved by us, and guidance with the permit process.  You are solely responsible for all 
expenses incurred for permitting, construction, and architectural and engineering requirements to 
construct and open your Franchised Business. 
3.6 
Construction of Your Franchised Location.   
(a) 
We will provide you with the design and pre-construction assistance 
described above.  We may, on your behalf, order stamped plans from a licensed architect or 
engineer and any additional architectural, engineering and design services we deem necessary for 
the construction of your Franchised Business at your expense from an architectural, engineering 
or design firm approved by us.  Alternatively, we may order any or all of the aforesaid on your 
behalf, in which event you must reimburse us for the cost of these plans and services.   
