 
Attachment C to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
2 
October 2025 
 
 Letters – According to the then-current signage specifications 
 
 “Open” and “Take N Bake” window neon signs 
 
 Professionally prepared window vinyls 
 
 Shaker boards 
 
5. 
Curbside Parking.  Landlord agrees to provide Tenant with four (4) dedicated 
parking spaces for customer curbside delivery/pickup in a location to be mutually agreed upon by 
Landlord and Tenant. 
 
6. 
Relocation.  Landlord agrees there will be no right of relocation by the Landlord 
for the length of the Lease term to include option periods without written consent of Tenant. 
 
7. 
Condemnation.  Tenant shall have the right to seek a separate damage award from 
the condemning authority that will not diminish the award to which Landlord is legally entitled. 
 
8. 
Entry by Landlord.  Landlord agrees not to enter premises during peak business 
hours from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m., except in the event of an emergency. 
 
9. 
Percentage Rent.  Landlord agrees there shall be no rent based on a percentage of 
sales or revenue.  Further, Tenant shall not be required to provide sales data or Tenant financial 
information to Landlord. 
 
10. 
Radius Clause.  Landlord agrees that there shall be no radius clause whereby Tenant 
shall be prohibited from opening or operating another Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza store. 
 
11. 
Right to Assign.   
 
 
11.1 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, Tenant 
may, without the consent of Landlord, sublease the premises or assign the Lease to the Franchisor 
or to a subsidiary, affiliate or franchise owner of Franchisor; provided that such sublease or 
assignment to Franchisor or any subsidiary or affiliate is subject to Franchisor’s agreement to 
accept a sublease of the premises or an assignment of the Lease.  Tenant may not sublease the 
premises or assign the Lease to any other party without the consent of Landlord, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  In the event of an assignment or 
subletting, Tenant shall remain liable for the payment of all rent and the performance of all of 
Tenant's obligations under the Lease. 
 
 
11.2 
Any demand for increased rent or other payment or modification of the 
terms of the Lease by Landlord as a condition to the granting of consent, when consent is required, 
shall be deemed unreasonable.  Landlord may withhold consent only if Landlord determines that 
the quality of the merchandising operation from the premises may be substantially inferior to other 
operations in the vicinity of the premises.  If Landlord fails to respond in writing within fourteen 
