© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
44 
October 2025 
disruptions, ECS (including Internet) access failures, ECS content failures, date-related problems, 
and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders (“E-Problems”).  We have taken 
reasonable steps to ensure that E-Problems will not materially affect our business.  We do not 
guarantee that information or communication systems that we or others supply will not be 
vulnerable to E-Problems.  It is your responsibility to protect yourself from E-Problems.  You 
should also take reasonable steps to verify that your suppliers, lenders, landlords, guests, and 
governmental agencies on which you rely, have reasonable protection from E-Problems.  This may 
include taking reasonable steps to secure your systems (including firewalls, password protection, 
and anti-virus systems) and to provide backup systems. 
The typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement or first payment 
of consideration for the franchise and the opening of the Franchised Store for business is about 
210 days.  You are expected to complete the mandatory training and commence your Franchised 
Store operations within one year after you sign the Franchise Agreement.  (See FA, Section 6.1.)  
Factors that may affect this time are finding and negotiating for the Franchise Premises, arranging 
for the training session, refurbishing and remodeling requirements, equipping the Franchise 
Premises, obtaining initial inventory, financing and business permit requirements, and your 
personal operational needs. 
ITEM 12   
TERRITORY 
Franchised Stores 
You will be given a specific location within which you will operate your Franchised Store.  
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, 
from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we 
control.  The specific address for the Franchise Premises or the area within which it may be located 
will be identified in Attachment A to the Franchise Agreement.  You must obtain our prior written 
approval for the site of the Franchise Premises and your related lease.  We retain the right to 
withhold approval.   
In determining whether to approve the site you select, we may consider our market 
analysis, market penetration plans, franchise placement strategies, and prior franchise 
commitments.  Other factors we may consider include but are not limited to population 
demographics, traffic, parking, and other businesses in the area.  We have developed a franchise 
placement policy and related procedures, which may be changed or eliminated by us at any time.  
When the exact location for the Franchised Store is decided, it will be memorialized in writing to 
identify the Franchise Premises. 
You must receive our written permission before you relocate any Franchised Store.  You 
may not do business, solicit guests, or place advertisements by any means, or use ECS, that 
primarily reach persons outside your Advertising Coverage Area (or local cooperative as 
designated by us), except with our prior written permission or following the local marketing 
requirements in the Operations Manual. Currently, you may not market on the Internet or any other 
ECS.  We may choose to direct or control use of social media sites and other forms of ECS.  You 
