 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
32 
October 2025 
(xii) 
You must obtain and submit to us satisfactory evidence of transfer 
and/or consent of lenders, lessors, and governmental authorities for all material permits, approvals, 
and licenses; and 
(xiii) You must complete all of your obligations under Section 3 of this 
Agreement and the Franchised Location must be open and operating. 
We may expand upon, and provide additional details related to, the conditions for transfer 
and our consent as described in this Section 8.1(a), and may do so in the Manual or otherwise in 
writing. 
(b) 
Right of First Refusal.  If you receive an offer from a third party to enter into 
a binding agreement to sell or transfer an interest in this Agreement or the Franchised Business or 
a controlling ownership interest in the entity holding the Franchised Business, we may elect to 
purchase the interest for the price contained in the offer upon the following conditions: 
(i) 
Within seven days after receipt of a bona fide offer acceptable to you 
to Transfer all or part of this Agreement or the Franchised Business, you will notify us of the offer 
in writing, enclosing a signed copy of the offer.  To be a valid bona fide offer, it must contain all 
essential terms of the proposed transaction, and the proposed purchase price must be in a fixed 
dollar amount without any contingent payments of purchase price. 
(ii) 
We will then have access to all of your books and records in order to 
evaluate this offer, including but not limited to your business financial statements and tax returns.   
(iii) 
We may then enter into a purchase and sale agreement with you using 
our standard form to purchase the same assets or interest that is the subject of the offer to Transfer 
at the price offered to you.  We may substitute cash for any other form of consideration contained 
in the offer and, at our option, may pay the entire purchase price at closing.  We may exercise this 
right to purchase by notifying you in writing within 21 days after receiving your notice.   
(iv) 
Subject to the conditions in our standard form purchase and sale 
agreement, we will close the Transfer after we enter into a binding purchase and sale agreement 
with you. 
(v) 
If we do not exercise our right to purchase within the time set forth in 
the previous section, you may Transfer the subject interest to a third party, but not at a lower price 
or on more favorable terms than disclosed to us in writing.  Such Transfer is subject to our prior 
written approval and other conditions specified in this Agreement.  If you do not Transfer the 
subject interest to the transferee on the same terms offered to us, then you must again extend the 
right of first refusal to us in the manner described above, before another desired Transfer. 
(c) 
You may not grant a subfranchise. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the preceding section, you may transfer your rights and 
obligations under this Agreement to a corporation, limited liability company, trust, family limited 
