© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
39 
October 2025 
Kelsey Fuhrmann became Operations Training Manager of Papa Murphy’s in January 
2024. Ms. Fuhrmann is responsible for data collection, designing and developing learning 
materials, and new employee orientation.  She is also responsible for coordinating and overseeing 
the training of new franchisees, validating the effectiveness of training programs, as well as 
working to continuously improve the content and delivery based on field evaluations. Her main 
priority is to make learning accessible and engaging to all Papa Murphy’s employees.  Prior to 
Papa Murphy’s, Ms. Fuhrmann worked as an Operations Manager and Field Trainer for Granite 
City for nine years. 
Michelle Whipple joined Papa Murphy’s in June 2018 as an Operations Specialist and is 
currently a Field Trainer.  Ms. Whipple supports the coordination and oversight of training new 
franchisees, validates the effectiveness of training programs, as well as works to continuously 
improve the content and delivery based on field evaluations.  Ms. Whipple supports the team on 
content creation and implementing training programs.  Prior to joining the Papa Murphy’s Support 
Center, Ms. Whipple worked as a Store Manager at a franchisee-owned Papa Murphy’s for three 
years.  
You must successfully complete the mandatory Operations In-Store Training and 
Enterprise Solution Training in a designated Papa Murphy’s training store.  You must successfully 
complete the mandatory Foundations Class virtually.  If you do not successfully complete 
Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise Solution Training, and Foundations Class to our 
satisfaction, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement and we will retain your Initial Franchise 
Fee.   
All stores must be managed by a trained owner or a Certified Manager (“Certified 
Manager”).  A Certified Manager is a manager who has received in-store training from the 
franchisee in accordance with the Papa Murphy’s One Bite at a Time training program or who has 
successfully completed training at a Certified Training Store.  If you designate a new or additional 
manager to manage the Franchised Store, you must notify us of the identity of the manager.  Each 
manager hired may be required to successfully complete Certified Manager training or any 
additional or advanced training or attend any regional meetings we may at any time reasonably 
require.   
Although not required by the Franchise Agreement, we may provide other materials, 
assistance, and services before the opening of your Franchised Store, such as literature, advertising 
materials, displays, and flyers.  Any such expenses would be considered part of the Initial 
Marketing Fees and Expenses and are paid to the vendor providing such services or materials.   
During the operation of your Franchised Store, we will: 
1. 
Provide ongoing assistance for your training, marketing, sales assistance, and use 
of the Operations Manual.  (See FA, Sections 5.1, 6.4, 6.14.)   
2. 
Administer our marketing program and formulate and conduct national, regional 
and local promotional programs.  (See FA, Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.3.)  
Currently we promote Franchised Stores through television, radio, print, sporting events, 
billboards, electronic, digital, social, text, and direct mail media.  This is done locally and 
