© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
6 
October 2025 
Brand Name 
Type of Restaurant  
Business 
Number of Units as of 
November 30, 2024 
Dates unit franchises began 
being offered by Kahala 
Franchising, MTY USA,  
or its affiliates 
Thai Express® 
Restaurants serving “Thai-
style” foods and drinks 
7 franchised units (5 in the 
United States and 
2 international) and 
2 company-owned units 
From February 2015 under 
MTY USA 
The Counter® 
Full service restaurants 
featuring build-your-own 
burgers, signature burgers, side 
dishes, sandwiches, and salads 
9 franchised units (8 in the 
United States and 
1 international) and 
3 company-owned units 
From December 2017 under 
CB Franchise Systems, LLC 
and from March 2019 under 
MTY USA 
Village Inn 
Restaurants specializing in 
pancakes, omelets, skillets, 
eggs, and other popular 
breakfast items 
88 franchised units and 
26 company-owned units 
From August 2020 under VI 
BrandCo, LLC  
Wetzel’s Pretzels  
Restaurant specializing in 
hand-rolled fresh-baked soft 
pretzels 
406 franchised units (389 in 
the United States and 17 
international) and 36 company-
owned units 
From April 1996 under 
Wetzel’s Pretzels, LLC 
_________________ 
1In addition, Tasti D-Lite LLC is an affiliate of Kahala Franchising that previously franchised the Tasti D-Lite frozen 
dessert brand.  Kahala Franchising is now offering Tasti D-Lite products as a menu offering in Planet Smoothie 
restaurants.  As of November 30, 2024, there were 2 Tasti D-Lite franchises in the United States. 
 
Blimpie International, Inc. (“BI”) was a predecessor franchisor of the Blimpie brand. BI 
entered into a trademark distribution agreement with Blimpie of California, Inc. dated July 18, 
1984, as amended (“TDA”) under which Blimpie of California, Inc. operated as a subfranchisor 
for the Blimpie brand in a portion of Southern California. The TDA was ultimately assigned from 
BI to Kahala Franchising.  Blimpie of California, Inc. is not an affiliate of Kahala Franchising.  As 
of November 30, 2043, there were no Blimpie franchises in operation in Blimpie of California, 
Inc.’s territory.  As of the date of this Disclosure Document, the TDA is no longer still in effect. 
BI did not enter into any other trademark distribution agreements that are currently in effect. We 
are not offering Blimpie franchises under this Disclosure Document. 
On August 8, 2022, MTY USA and its wholly owned subsidiary Grill Merger Sub, Inc. 
(“Merger Sub”) entered into an agreement with BBQ Holdings, Inc. (“BBQ”), a Minnesota 
corporation, providing for the acquisition of BBQ by MTY USA, consisting of a tender offer for 
all of the outstanding shares of BBQ common stock, followed by a subsequent merger of Merger 
Sub with and into BBQ (“BBQ Merger”), with BBQ surviving the BBQ Merger as a wholly-
owned subsidiary of MTY USA.  This transaction included the rights to franchise and/or operate 
the Barrio Queen, Famous Dave's, Village Inn, Bakers Square, Granite City Food and Brewery, 
Real Urban BBQ, Craft Republic Bar & Grill, Champps Kitchen + Bar, Fox & Hound, and Tahoe 
Joe's Famous Steakhouse brands.  BBQ, through its subsidiary, VI BrandCo, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company, offers Village Inn restaurants.  With the merger closing that took place 
on September 27, 2022, MTY USA is the parent company of both VI BrandCo, LLC and Famous 
Dave’s of America, Inc. 
