© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
32 
October 2025 
requirements for your Franchised Store operations.  You will strictly follow the required or 
mandatory standards of the Operations Manual.  You will carry out immediately all mandatory 
changes at your cost, unless we otherwise specify, and we do not limit or cap these expenses in 
any way.  We may designate your business format and sales and distribution guidelines, as 
specified periodically in the Operations Manual.  The Operations Manual is confidential and our 
exclusive property. 
The Operations Manual may contain lists of approved sources, suppliers, recipes, menu 
requirements, specifications, standards, operating procedures, accounting and bookkeeping 
methods, marketing ideas, artwork, distribution techniques, advertising layouts, product 
specifications, operation requirements, public relations guidelines and other rules that we may 
prescribe.  For example, except as delineated in the Operations Manual, currently franchisees may 
not sell any baked products.  In addition, certain products, materials, services and other items may 
only be available from one source, and we or our affiliates may be that source.  As of the issuance 
date of this Disclosure Document, we are the only approved supplier for the Store Solutions Team 
Support and an approved supplier for the Change of Ownership Process.  Other than these services, 
neither we nor any of our affiliates is an approved supplier of any required items.   
With advance written notice, you may request our approval to obtain products, equipment, 
supplies or materials from sources that we have not previously approved.  We may require you to 
give us sufficient information, photographs, drawings, samples, and other data to allow us to 
determine whether the items from these other sources meet our specifications and standards, as 
established periodically.  These specifications and standards will relate to quality, taste, durability, 
value, cleanliness, texture, composition, strength, finish and appearance, and the suppliers’ 
capacity and facility to supply your needs in the quantities, at the times, and with the reliability 
and traceability necessary for efficient operation, as well as volume commitments we may have 
entered into with specific suppliers.  We may require that samples from any supplier be delivered 
to a designated independent laboratory for testing before approval and use.  You will reimburse us 
for the actual cost of the tests.  We may license any supplier that can meet our requirements and 
standards, for a reasonable license fee.  Our confidential specifications, recipes, requirements, 
designs, systems and formulas will be revealed to potential suppliers only after we have received 
reasonable evidence that the proposed supplier is trustworthy, competent, and reputable; has the 
capacity to consistently follow our standards, requirements and testing procedures; will maintain 
the confidentiality of the designs, systems and formulas; and will adequately supply your 
reasonable needs.  We will notify you in writing of the approval or disapproval of any supplier you 
propose.  We will complete our product review and approval process within 60 to 90 days after we 
receive all required information about the product or supplier being considered. 
We or our agents may inspect any proposed or approved manufacturer’s, contractor’s, 
supplier’s or distributor’s facilities and products.  If we find from any inspection that a 
manufacturer, contractor, supplier or distributor fails to meet our standards, we may disapprove 
the manufacturer, contractor, supplier or distributor. 
There are no suppliers in which one of our officers owns a material interest.  To the extent 
we or an affiliate provides one or more of the products or services described in this ITEM 8, one 
or more of our officers will own an interest in such entity as a supplier. 
