 
Attachment B to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
1 
October 2025 
ATTACHMENT B 
 
OWNER AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY 
FOR ALL ENTITY FRANCHISE OWNERS 
As a condition to the granting by Papa Murphy’s International LLC (“Franchisor,” “we,” 
“us”) of a Franchise Agreement (“Franchise Agreement”) granting certain rights to the entity 
listed as the Franchise Owner on the signature block of the Franchise Agreement (“Franchise 
Owner”) to develop a Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza store (“Franchised Business”), each 
of the undersigned individuals (“Owner” or “you” or “your”) agrees jointly and severally to be 
bound by the terms and restrictions of this Owner Agreement and Guaranty for All Entity 
Franchise Owners (“Agreement”): 
1. 
Ownership and Management.  Each of you warrants to us that you, or you and 
your spouse, if applicable, are the holders of all equity, voting, and other interests in the Franchise 
Owner and all options, warrants, and rights to acquire an interest in the Franchise Owner.  The 
Owner, or Owner and spouse, if applicable, who is to be responsible for on-premises operation of 
the Franchised Business will successfully complete training.   
2. 
Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreements. 
 
(a) 
In-Term Covenants.  Each of you agrees that during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement, including any applicable Interim Period (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement) or extension periods, you, your immediate family or household members, and persons 
associated with you, including owners involved in the operation of the Franchised Business, will 
abide by the in-term noncompetition and confidentiality agreements of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(b) 
Post-Term Covenants.  Each of you agrees that for a period of two years 
after the transfer, expiration, or termination of the Franchise Agreement for any reason, you, your 
immediate family or household members, and persons associated with you, including owners 
involved in the operation of the Franchised Business will abide by the post-termination covenant 
not to compete and confidentiality provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  This post-term 
covenant applies within a 25-mile radius from the Franchised Business. 
3. 
Guaranty. 
 
(a) 
Guaranty.  Each of you personally and unconditionally guarantees to us the 
performance of all of the Franchise Owner’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including 
the punctual payment of amounts that the Franchise Owner may now or in the future owe to us or 
any of our affiliates (including but not limited to interest, and all attorneys’ fees, costs, and 
expenses incurred by any of us in collection). 
 
(b) 
Term of Guaranty.  This guaranty and your obligations under it will 
continue in effect until the earlier of: (i) two years after the Franchise Owner ceases to operate the 
Franchised Business, or (ii) two years after you cease holding any ownership interest in the 
Franchise Owner pursuant to a Transfer approved by us. 
