© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
7 
October 2025 
On December 8, 2022, MTY USA and its wholly owned subsidiary Twisted Merger Sub, 
Inc. (“WP Merger Sub”), a Delaware corporation, entered into an agreement with COP WP 
Parent, Inc. (“COP”), a Delaware corporation, providing for the acquisition of COP by MTY USA, 
consisting of a merger of WP Merger Sub with and into COP (“COP Merger”), with COP 
surviving the COP Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of MTY USA.  This transaction included 
the rights to franchise and/or operate the Wetzel’s Pretzels brand, through COP’s subsidiary, 
Wetzel’s Pretzels, LLC, a California limited liability company.  With the merger closing that took 
place on December 8, 2022, MTY USA is the parent company of Wetzel’s Pretzels, LLC.  
On December 15, 2022, MTY USA, via its wholly owned subsidiary Sauce Restaurants, 
LLC (“Sauce Restaurants”), an Arizona limited liability company, simultaneously signed and 
closed an asset purchase agreement with Sauce, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Sauce 
Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and several other of their affiliates 
(collectively, “Sauce Sellers”), providing for the acquisition of the assets of Sauce Sellers by 
Sauce Restaurants.  This transaction included the rights to operate (and ultimately franchise should 
Sauce Restaurants so desire) the Sauce Pizza and Wine brand.  BBQ Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary 
of MTY USA, is the direct parent company of Sauce Restaurants. 
Except as described above, we have no other parents, predecessors or affiliates required to 
be disclosed in this ITEM 1.   
The Franchise Offered 
We offer the right to operate one or more Papa Murphy’s Franchised Stores.  A copy of the 
Franchise Agreement is attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit D.  In certain items of 
this Disclosure Document we will refer to specific provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  For 
the sake of brevity, “FA” will refer to the Franchise Agreement.  For selected areas, and for 
qualified candidates, we may offer a Multiple Store Commitment (“Multiple Store 
Commitment”), attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit G.   
We may periodically make changes to the systems, menu, standards, and facility, signage, 
equipment and fixture requirements.  You may have to make additional investments in the 
Franchised Store periodically during the term of the Franchise Agreement if those types of changes 
are made or if your Franchised Store’s equipment or facilities wear out or become obsolete, or for 
other reasons (for example, as may be needed to comply with a change in the system standards or 
code changes).  All Franchised Stores must be developed and operated to our specifications and 
standards.   
Uniformity of products sold in Franchised Stores is important, and you will have no 
discretion in the products you sell.  The Franchise Agreement is limited to a single, specific 
location, and we have the right to operate, franchise or license to others who may compete with 
you for the same guests.  
The distinguishing characteristics of the Papa Murphy’s system include, for example, 
distinctive exterior and interior design, decor, color and identification schemes; special menu 
items; standards, specifications and procedures for operations, quality of products and services 
