© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
31 
October 2025 
You must obtain all permits, certificates or licenses necessary for the full and proper 
conduct of the Franchised Store.  We also recommend that you have direct access to a 
minimum of $10,000 for working capital during the first three months of operation.  This 
row estimates your initial three-month start-up expenses, less any revenue earned by you.  
This row does not include any salary or reimbursement of personal expenses paid to you. 
Except as noted, these figures represent our estimates based upon actual expenses in 2023 
and our experience and the experience of our franchisees.  We do not guarantee that you will not 
have additional and different expenses than those we have identified in this table.  Your actual 
costs will depend upon many factors, including how well you follow our directions and 
suggestions, your business skill and experience, local economic conditions, the local market for 
your products, the location and condition of your Franchise Premises, the prevailing wage rates, 
competition, and your sales levels during the initial period.  You should review the figures 
carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to purchase the Franchised Store or 
make any expenditures. 
You should understand that entry into any business venture necessarily involves some 
unavoidable risk of loss or failure and that the purchase of a Papa Murphy’s Franchised Store is a 
speculative investment.  Unforeseen circumstances or expenses may require significant investment 
beyond that outlined in this Disclosure Document, and may be required to succeed.  There is no 
guaranty against possible loss or failure and the most important factors in the success of a Papa 
Murphy’s Franchised Store are your business, marketing, administrative, judgment, operational 
and other skills. 
Except as provided in ITEM 5, any fees paid to us are not refundable.  Amounts paid to 
any third parties may be refundable, depending upon the contracts between them and you. 
We do not finance any of these initial expenses.  The availability and terms of financing 
will depend on various factors including the availability of financing generally, your credit 
worthiness, security available to you, lending institution policies concerning the type of business 
to be operated by you, and other comparable elements. 
ITEM 8   
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
It is essential to the proper marketing of Papa Murphy’s products and to the preservation 
and promotion of our reputation and acceptance by the public that uniform standards of quality, 
taste, and food appearance are maintained; that uniform quantities, volumes, and types of food are 
offered; and that cartons and other paper goods displaying our commercial symbols are of uniform 
size, quality, texture, absorbency, strength, finish, and appearance.  Therefore, you will at all times 
dispense, serve, sell or offer for sale to the public only articles, foods and other products that meet 
the specifications and standards that we periodically designate in writing.  You are required to 
obtain all food products from us or our affiliates or sources we approve and according to our 
specifications. 
We will grant you access to Papa Murphy’s operations manuals (“Operations Manual”).  
Periodically, we may amend the Operations Manual, including changes that may affect minimum 
