Exhibit F – State Law Addenda 
3 
October 2025 
1. 
Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise: The franchisor’s financial 
condition, as reflected in its financial statements (see Item 21), calls into question the franchisor’s 
financial ability to provide services and support to you. 
2. 
Item 5 of the Franchise Disclosure Document and all agreements in this offering 
are amended to disclose the following: 
Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Maryland Securities 
Commissioner has required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and 
payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its 
pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement. 
3. 
Any provision providing for termination upon bankruptcy may not be enforceable 
under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec 101, et seq.). 
4. 
Maryland regulations (§ 14-226 Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law) prohibit a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to sign a general release as a condition of 
the sale, transfer or renewal of the franchise.  Therefore, a release required as a condition of the 
sale, transfer or renewal of the franchise will not apply to any liability under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  
5. 
Any requirements that a franchisee sue in a state other than Maryland are modified 
to reflect that a franchisee may file a civil lawsuit in Maryland for violations of the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  
 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
7. 
Section 10.9 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
“Reserved.” 
8. 
Section 10.16 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with “Reserved.” 
MINNESOTA 
To the extent required by Minnesota law, the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement are amended as follows: 
1. 
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and nonrenewal 
rights.  Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4 and 5, require, except in certain 
specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) 
and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the franchise agreement. 
