 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
13 
October 2025 
5. 
MARKETING AND ADVERTISING 
5.1 
Marketing Fees and Requirements.  
(a) 
You will pay us a marketing fee of 2 percent of your Net Sales (“Brand 
Marketing Fee”) that will be placed in a marketing fund (the “Brand Marketing Fund”).  The 
Brand Marketing Fee will be paid in the same manner and at the same time as the Royalty Fee.  
We may, but are not required to, place the Brand Marketing Fees in a separate bank account that 
we or an affiliate will administer.  We will use the Brand Marketing Fund for the general promotion 
of the Marks and the System, including marketing research and development, local franchise 
owner group advertising or marketing, public relations, local, regional, national, ECS (including 
Internet), or international advertising or marketing, development and maintenance of any 
e-commerce or other ECS programs, stored value card programs, gift card programs, point-of-
purchase programs, administration of advertising or marketing (including reasonable salaries, 
accounting, collection, quality assurance, legal and other costs), related expenses, and any media 
or agency costs.  We make no promise or guarantee that Brand Marketing Fund expenditures will 
be proportionate to contributions or provide direct benefit, or any benefit, to you or any other 
franchise owner.  We have the sole right to decide how to spend the Brand Marketing Fees, and 
have no fiduciary duty with regard to the Brand Marketing Fund.  Upon request, we will provide 
you with an unaudited annual summary report of Brand Marketing Fees and expenditures for the 
most recent year. 
(b) 
We will administer the Brand Marketing Fund and direct all marketing and 
advertising programs with sole decision-making authority over the creative concepts, materials, 
endorsements, placement and allocation of overhead expenses.  We will have the sole right but not 
the obligation to enforce the obligations to pay Brand Marketing Fees.  Neither you nor any other 
of our franchise owners will be deemed a third party beneficiary with respect to the Brand 
Marketing Fees or Brand Marketing Fund or have any right to enforce any obligation to pay Brand 
Marketing Fees.   
(c) 
We may develop mandatory or voluntary special discount or free coupon 
programs and other Multi-Area Marketing Programs and Promotions.  Such programs will allow 
us or others to solicit or sell to customers anywhere, and may require your cooperation (including 
refraining from certain channels of marketing and distribution), participation (including payment 
of commissions or referral fees, loyalty card programs or accepting gift cards, or stored value cards 
sold by us or other franchise owners), and adherence to maximum retail pricing to the extent 
permitted by law.  All such programs are our proprietary trade secrets.  We reserve the right to 
issue mandatory policies to coordinate such Multi-Area Marketing Programs and Promotions.  For 
example, you must participate in periodic regional and national promotions, and in connection 
with such promotions follow our advertising guidelines and purchase related marketing, 
advertising and promotional material that we may designate at your cost.  You must place our 
franchise sales brochures that we provide at our cost in your Franchised Business if we so request.  
If you participate in a voluntary program, you will follow all provisions of the program.  If you 
elect to be excluded from a voluntary program, we may advise consumers, by advertising, sales 
solicitation or otherwise, that you are not a participant.  
