© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
14 
October 2025 
ITEM 3   
LITIGATION 
Papa Murphy’s International LLC Litigation 
DTD Pizza, LLC, et al. v. Papa Murphy’s International LLC, et al. (Washington Superior Court 
(Clark County), Case No. 14-2-00904-0) and Mitch and Kristen Brink, Brink Holdings, Inc., et al. 
v. Papa Murphy’s International LLC, et al. (Washington Superior Court (Clark County), Case No. 
14-2-01743-3) 
These two related actions were commenced in April 2014 and June 2014, respectively, by 
separate groups of current and former franchisees against us, certain members of our board of 
managers and executive team, and others in Washington Superior Court (Clark County), alleging 
misrepresentations involving financial performance representations in ITEM 19 of our franchise 
disclosure document the franchisees’ local marketing obligations, among other things, and brought 
claims for violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act (“WFIPA”), fraud, 
negligent misrepresentation and breach of contract.  These two actions were consolidated in 
September 2014 under Case Number 14-2-00904-0.   
Each of the plaintiff groups have entered into settlements with Papa Murphy’s in which 
they dismissed all of their claims against defendants with prejudice and the action was dismissed 
in June 2020.  The settlements are as follows:  (1) one plaintiff group dismissed its claims against 
Papa Murphy’s for no consideration; (2) two plaintiff groups agreed to pay amounts ranging from 
$5,000 to $8,000 to Papa Murphy’s and remained in the system; (3) Papa Murphy’s agreed to pay 
one plaintiff group’s advertising costs for one year, agreed to allow the franchisee to develop an 
additional franchise, and agreed to return the franchisee’s initial development fee of $10,000; 
(4) another plaintiff group agreed to remain in the system in exchange for Papa Murphy’s paying 
3.8% of the franchisees’ sales towards local advertising for a period of two years and extending 
the franchise agreement’s term for an additional ten years; (5) Papa Murphy’s settled with fifteen 
different plaintiff groups and paid amounts ranging from $10,000 per group to $4 million per 
group; (6) Papa Murphy’s agreed to purchase one plaintiff group’s nine Papa Murphy’s stores at 
an agreed upon value of the stores’ assets plus $500,000; and (7) Papa Murphy’s agreed to 
purchase seven plaintiff groups’ Papa Murphy’s stores at an agreed upon value of the stores’ assets. 
Rob & Bud’s Pizza, LLC v. Papa Murphy’s International, Inc., et al. (United States District Court 
for the Western District of Washington, Case No. 5:15-cv-05090-TLB) 
In spring 2015, Papa Murphy’s sent a notice of default to plaintiff for alleged defaults under 
the plaintiff’s franchise agreements.  In response, on April 17, 2015, the plaintiff brought an action 
seeking a declaratory judgment and injunction preventing Papa Murphy’s from terminating the 
franchises.  The plaintiff subsequently added claims in the case alleging that Papa Murphy’s 
tortiously interfered with the plaintiff’s employees and negligence in how Papa Murphy’s handled 
the plaintiff’s customer database, and sought compensatory damages, punitive damages and costs 
in an unspecified amount.  The plaintiff was also a plaintiff in the LMP case described above.  The 
case has been dismissed with prejudice as part of a settlement with plaintiff in this case and the 
LMP case under which Papa Murphy’s purchased plaintiff’s nine Papa Murphy’s stores at an 
agreed upon value of the stores’ assets plus $500,000. 
