 
Attachment B to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
2 
October 2025 
 
(c) 
Waivers.  Each of you waives notice of demand, notice of protest, 
nonpayment or default, and all other notices to which you may be entitled, except that we will 
copy you with any notice of termination.  You waive any right that you may have to require that 
an action be brought against the Franchise Owner, and any claims for reimbursement or 
subrogation that you may have against us as a result of your performance of this Agreement. 
4. 
Other Certifications, Representations, Warranties and Covenants.  Each of 
you hereby makes all certifications, representations, warranties, and covenants contemplated by 
the Franchise Agreement. 
5. 
Covenant Not To Transfer Interests.  The Franchise Agreement, and your rights 
and obligations under it, shall remain personal to you.  Any proposed transfer by you (regardless 
of the form of transfer) shall be subject to the same terms and conditions contained in the Franchise 
Agreement.  The term “transfer” shall have the same meaning as in the Franchise Agreement.  
Each of you agree that you will not at any time, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, 
make any transfer, unless you first obtain our written approval in compliance with the same transfer 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  You will cause all documents evidencing an ownership 
interest or right to acquire an ownership interest issued by the Franchise Owner to bear a legend 
indicating that such ownership interest is subject to the restrictions provided for in the Franchise 
Agreement.  You will show us any owners’ agreement ten business days before it is signed for us 
to review and ensure compliance with this Agreement. 
6. 
Disputes.  Disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved in 
the same manner as provided under the Franchise Agreement, including the provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement pertaining to mediation, venue, applicable law, time periods, and limitations 
that govern any disputes between us and you. 
[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 
 
 
