 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
7 
October 2025 
(b) 
Any adaptations to the design plans for the Franchised Location provided by 
us must be at your sole expense and are subject to our approval.  If we determine that your modified 
plans do not satisfy our architectural or design standards and specifications for a Franchised 
Business or are not consistent with the best interests of the Papa Murphy’s brand, we may deny 
you permission to use such plans and, in this event, will advise you of any objections within 
15 days of receiving your modified plans.   
(c) 
If we fail to advise you of an objection to the plans within said 15-day time 
period, you may use your modified plans.  If we object to your modified plans, we will provide 
you with a detailed list of changes necessary to make your modified plans acceptable.   
(d) 
We will, upon your resubmission of the plans with such changes, notify you 
within 10 days of receiving the resubmitted plans whether the plans are acceptable.  If we conclude 
your changes are not acceptable, we will notify you of our objections as described above.  You 
must resubmit your modified plans in accordance with the procedures described above until we 
approve your modified plans.  If we do not notify you of any objection within the time period 
described above, you may use the resubmitted plans.   
(e) 
You acknowledge that our providing the design plans to you and/or accepting 
your modified design plans does not constitute a representation, warranty, or guarantee, express or 
implied, by us that your modified plans are free of architectural or design errors or that they comply 
with applicable legal requirements (including the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities 
Act of 1990, as amended) and we shall have no liability to you or any other party because of your 
use of the modified plans. 
(f) 
We may charge you a fee for any services or plan review we provide to you 
under Section 3.5 or 3.6. 
3.7 
Timing for Construction.  Once your modified plans have been approved and you 
have signed a lease or completed the purchase of the Franchised Location, you must start and 
diligently pursue construction or remodeling (as applicable) of the Franchised Business.  You may 
be required to select your general contractor from a list of vendors we have pre-approved.  You 
will be considered to have started construction at the time when any site work is initiated by or on 
behalf of you at the Franchised Location.  Site work includes, but is not limited to, any site work 
commenced for the construction of a stand-alone building, removing prior tenant improvements, 
construction of interior walls, and installation of your tenant improvements.  During construction 
or remodeling, you must provide us with periodic reports regarding the progress of the construction 
or remodeling as we reasonably request.  In addition, we may make any on-site inspections as we 
may deem necessary to evaluate your progress.  If, during any inspections, we identify instances 
where your construction or remodeling is inconsistent with, or does not meet, our standards, we 
will notify you in writing of the deficiencies, and you must correct the deficiencies prior to 
opening.  You must notify us of the scheduled date you intend to complete construction or 
remodeling no later than 30 days prior to that date.  Within a reasonable time after the date of 
completion of construction or remodeling, we may, at our option, conduct an inspection of the 
completed Franchised Business.  You acknowledge and agree that you will not open the Franchised 
Business for business without our written authorization and that our written authorization to open 
will be conditioned upon your strict compliance with this Agreement. 
