Exhibit M – Successive Addendum 
2 
October 2025 
expiration date of your prior Franchise Agreement.  The Successive Franchise Fee 
shall be paid by means of check, money order or wire transfer.  The Successive 
Franchise Fee is fully earned upon payment and is nonrefundable.” 
__ 
 
“4.1 
Successive Franchise Fee.  You shall pay the sum equivalent to one-
half of the then current Franchise Fee, plus, if due and payable, all applicable 
federal, state or municipal taxes, as a non-recurring successive franchise fee 
(“Successive Franchise Fee”) at least 60 days before the expiration date of your 
prior Franchise Agreement.  The Successive Franchise Fee shall be paid by means 
of check, money order or wire transfer.  The Successive Franchise Fee is fully 
earned upon payment and is nonrefundable.” 
5. 
Continuing to Operate Beyond this Agreement.  The opening paragraph of 
Section 7.1 of the Successive Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following: 
“7.1 
Continuing to Operate Beyond this Agreement.  This Agreement 
grants you the right to operate using our Methods of Operation and our Marks for 
five years from the Commencement Date, unless terminated earlier under this 
Agreement.  In order for you to continue to operate beyond the five-year term, you 
must enter into the then-current form of Franchise Agreement and then-current 
form of Successive Addendum, the terms of which may vary substantially from this 
Agreement.  The term of any Franchise Agreement successive to this Agreement 
(“Successive Franchise Agreement”) will be for five years.  Your ability to enter 
into a Successive Franchise Agreement and continue to operate is contingent on 
satisfactory performance of this Agreement and any other agreements with us, and 
our approval of your current location and lease, and you must not be in default 
under this Agreement or any other agreements between you and us or our affiliates 
or a third party that relates to the franchise in any way.  In addition, in order to 
receive a Successive Franchise Agreement, the following must occur:”  
6. 
Transfer.  Section 8.1(a)(viii) of the Successive Franchise Agreement is deleted in 
its entirety and replaced with the following: 
“(viii) In the event a majority or controlling interest in the 
Franchised Business is transferred during the term of a Successive Franchise 
Agreement, you or your transferee  must pay us a transfer fee (“Transfer Fee”). 
The Transfer Fee shall be calculated as follows: 
(1) 
If it is the transferee’s first Franchised Business, the 
Transfer Fee will be $25,000 less $2,500 times the number of full 
years remaining on the Successive Franchise Agreement, but in no 
event less than $12,500. 
(2) 
If the transferee is an existing franchise owner, the 
Transfer Fee will be $15,000 less $1,500 times the number of full 
