 
Exhibit L – Development Billing Agreement 
2 
October 2025 
ACH Account Information:  
 
 
 
 
 
Bank Name  
 
Bank Routing Number (9 digits)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature of Authorized Representative 
 
Date 
 
Bank Account Number 
 
5. 
Payment of Development Costs and Marketing Costs.  Franchise Owner agrees to 
pay all Development Costs and/or Marketing Costs, and that PMI may collect via ACH all 
Development Costs and/or Marketing Costs paid or to be paid on Franchise Owner’s behalf.  PMI 
will pay such Development Costs and/or Marketing Costs when invoices are properly presented to 
PMI by the relevant service or material provider (“Vendors”) or Franchise Owner.  PMI shall have 
no responsibility to pay invoices if there are insufficient funds available in the Bank Account to 
do so.  In addition to the foregoing, PMI may reimburse itself via ACH for Development Costs 
and/or Marketing Costs that PMI has paid directly to Vendors. 
6. 
PMI as Payment Agent.  The following provisions shall control with respect to the 
rights, duties and liabilities of PMI to pay Development Costs and/or Marketing Costs: 
(a) 
PMI is not responsible or liable in any manner whatsoever for the 
(i) sufficiency, correctness, genuineness or validity of any written instrument, notice or 
evidence of a party's receipt of any instruction or notice from any Vendor which is received 
by PMI, or (ii) identity or authority of any person executing such instruction, notice or 
evidence. 
(b) 
In the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder, PMI shall be 
entitled to rely upon any and all statements, certifications and/or representations made to 
PMI by Vendors or Franchise Owner, without investigation or inquiry. 
(c) 
PMI shall have no responsibility hereunder except for the performance by 
it in good faith of the acts to be performed by it hereunder, and the PMI shall have no 
liability except for PMI’s own: (i) breach of this Agreement, (ii) willful misconduct, or 
(iii) gross negligence.  In no event shall PMI have any responsibility for the performance 
or non-performance of any Vendor. 
(d) 
PMI shall not be responsible for the solvency or financial stability of any 
financial institution where the Bank Account is held. 
(e) 
PMI shall be reimbursed by Franchise Owner for any reasonable expenses 
incurred by PMI arising from a dispute or claim by a Vendor or other third party with 
respect to payment of Development Costs and/or Marketing Costs or any dispute between 
Franchise Owner and a Vendor or other third party, including the cost of any legal expenses 
and court costs incurred by PMI, should PMI deem it necessary to retain an attorney with 
respect to the dispute or claim. 
7. 
Indemnification.  Franchise Owner will defend (with legal counsel reasonably 
acceptable to PMI), indemnify and hold harmless, PMI and its affiliates from and against 
