© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
9 
October 2025 
•  Provide a convenient, easy, meal-time solution. 
Papa Murphy’s Franchised Store models do not have pizza ovens, venting hoods or dining 
areas, average 1,400 square feet in size and do not require delivery drivers or wait staff.  The stores 
are designed to highlight our high-quality ingredients, to reinforce the attributes of our brand and 
to maximize the guest’s interaction with friendly team members. 
The menu offers a variety of original, thin and stuffed crust pizzas as well as the ability to 
create a customized pizza by choosing crust, sauce and topping combinations.  Currently, our menu 
offerings include the following: 
•  Signature pizzas:  classic combinations plus some unique twists; 
•  Gourmet Delite pizzas:  gourmet thin crust pizza with less fat and calories than our 
Signature pizzas; 
•  Stuffed pizzas:  two-layer pizzas with meats and vegetables stuffed in two layers of 
dough; 
•  Cheesy stuffed crust: hand-braided crust stuffed with mozzarella cheese; 
•  Fresh Pan pizzas:  signature recipes with a thicker, buttery crust;  
•  “C.Y.O.” or Create Your Own pizzas:  guest selection of crust, sauce and any 
combination of cheese, meat and vegetable toppings; 
•  Crustless pizzas:  keto-friendly recipes; and 
•  Limited Time Offer promotions:  new products are routinely introduced for a limited 
time to drive trial and awareness. 
General Market and Competition 
We generally compete on the basis of product quality, variety, price, location, image, 
convenience, and service with regional and local pizza restaurants as well as national chains such 
as Domino’s Pizza®, Pizza Hut®, Papa John’s®, and Little Caesars Pizza®.  
On a broader scale, we compete with other limited service restaurants, the overall food 
service industry, grocery and convenience stores, and online meal kit delivery services.  The food 
service industry, particularly limited service restaurants, are competitive with respect to product 
quality, price, location, service and convenience.  Many of our competitors have been in existence 
for longer periods of time and have developed stronger brand awareness in markets where we 
compete.  Competition in these markets is not only for guests, but also for employees, management 
personnel, franchisees and real estate sites suitable for our stores.  In addition, our competition 
may include supermarkets that sell frozen take-home pizzas and pizzerias offering sit-down, take-
out and delivery food service.  Other franchises and fast food outlets will also be sources of indirect 
competition. 
In markets where we do not have a high level of brand awareness or many existing stores, 
we have offered investment, marketing, development and operational programs designed to 
