 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
19 
October 2025 
6.12 
Other Operating Standards.  
(a) 
You will operate the Franchised Business in a clean, orderly and respectable 
manner in strict compliance with this Agreement and the Manual.  Unless otherwise approved by 
us, the Franchised Location will be used only as a Papa Murphy’s Franchised Business.  You will 
only use signs, fixtures, equipment, materials, food products, other products, inventory, décor, 
plans, and services that conform to our specifications to conduct the Franchised Business.  You 
will accept credit cards, debit cards and mobile payment solutions and apply to accept and accept 
electronic benefit transfer cards and food stamps in compliance with the Manual. 
(b) 
You will not allow the Franchised Business to be used for any unauthorized 
or illegal purpose. 
(c) 
You will conform to all standards and procedures we establish to ensure 
uniformity and consistency of operation. 
(d) 
You will not install or use any vending machines, televisions, juke boxes, 
games or musical devices at the Franchised Location without our prior written approval. 
(e) 
You will offer for sale all menu items we require. 
(f) 
You will not sell, serve or dispense any products, services or activities other 
than those we specifically approve in writing.  
(g) 
You will pay all business debts and expenses when due, including taxes and 
government obligations, and you will comply with all contracts with third parties. 
(h) 
No employee of yours will be deemed to be an employee of ours for any 
purpose whatsoever, and nothing in any aspect of the System or the Marks in any way shifts any 
employee or employment related responsibility from you to us.  You alone are responsible for 
hiring, firing, training, setting hours for and supervising all employees. 
(i) 
Should it ever be asserted that we are the employer, joint employer or 
co-employer of any of your or your affiliate’s employees in any private or government 
investigation, action, proceeding, arbitration, or other setting, you irrevocably agree to assist us in 
defending said allegation, including (if necessary) appearing at any venue requested by us to testify 
on our behalf (and, as may be necessary, submitting itself to depositions, other appearances and/or 
preparing affidavits dismissive of any allegation that Franchisor is the employer, joint employer 
or co-employer of any of your employees).  
6.13 
Marks and Internet and Electronic Communications Media.  
(a) 
You will conduct and diligently promote the Franchised Business under the 
name Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza, or other Marks we specify, continuously throughout 
the term of this Agreement and any applicable Interim Period as defined in Section 7.5.  You will 
follow our directions for use of the Marks. 
