 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
22 
October 2025 
(e) 
The Supplements to the Manual may include the use of new or modified 
Marks, expansion of existing services, introduction of new services or programs, new techniques, 
standards, specifications and procedures and other developments of the Methods of Operation. 
6.15 
Confidential Information. 
(a) 
You agree that the Methods of Operation described in the Manual include 
valuable know-how, information, trade secrets, methods, Manual, standards, designs, usage of the 
Marks, copyrighted works, products and service sources and specifications, proprietary software, 
confidential electronic and other communications, methods of Internet and other ECS usage, 
marketing programs, and research and development connected with the operation and promotion 
of the Franchised Business, as modified by us at any time.  You agree not to communicate or 
divulge the contents of our Manual or any other information we may deem confidential to any 
person or entity except those we authorize in writing.   
(b) 
You must keep the Manual, including the Methods of Operation, confidential, 
and not disclose them other than to your employees and only to the extent necessary for those 
employees to perform authorized duties.  You will not at any time copy, duplicate, record or 
otherwise reproduce any material that is set forth in the Manual or other proprietary materials.  
You must follow our security procedures, which include the execution of approved nondisclosure 
agreements by you and all of your managers.  Unauthorized use of the Manual, including the 
Methods of Operation, will constitute a breach of this Agreement and infringement of our 
proprietary rights, including trade secrets and copyrights. 
6.16 
Covenants Not to Compete.  
(a) 
During the term of this Agreement, and any applicable Interim Period as 
defined in Section 7.5, neither you, your immediate family and household members, nor persons 
associated with you, including owners involved in the operation of the Franchised Business, will:  
(i) participate directly or indirectly or serve in any capacity in any business engaged in the 
wholesale or retail sale of pizza or other products or services offered by the Franchised Business, 
except for the operation of the Franchised Business and other Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake pizza 
stores pursuant to franchise agreements with us; or (ii) divert, or take away or attempt to solicit, 
divert, or take away business from, or customers of, the Franchised Business.  
(b) 
For a period of two years after (i) the Transfer, assignment, expiration or 
termination of this Agreement, for any reason, or (ii) a final arbitration or court order (after all 
appeals have been taken) with respect to the foregoing events or with respect to enforcement of 
this Section 6.16(b), neither you, your immediate family and household members, nor persons 
associated with you, including owners involved in the operation of the Franchised Business, will 
participate directly or indirectly or serve in any capacity in a competitive business, including but 
not limited to any business engaged in the wholesale or retail sale of pizza or other products or 
services offered by the Franchised Business.  This post-termination covenant applies within a 25-
mile radius of the Franchised Location.  If anyone successfully contests the validity or 
enforceability of this Section in its present form predicated upon the duration or area of coverage, 
this provision will not be deemed invalid or unenforceable, but will instead be deemed modified 
