© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
49 
October 2025 
Document.  (FA) refers to sections in the Franchise Agreement.  The MSC is governed by the 
terms of the Franchise Agreement.   
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Summary 
a. Term of the Franchise 
Section 2.1  
Ten years.  
b. Renewal or extension 
of the term 
Section 7.1  
Your renewal right may permit you to remain as a 
franchisee after the initial term of your FA expires.  If you 
wish to do so, and you satisfy the required pre-conditions to 
renewal, we will offer you the right to obtain an additional 
five-year term.  You must sign our then-current FA for the 
renewal term and the then-current Successive Addendum 
(current form attached as Exhibit M).  This new FA may 
have different terms and conditions (e.g., higher royalty 
and/or marketing fees) from the FA that covered your 
original term.  
c. Requirements for you 
to renew or extend 
Section 7.1  
Give written notice at least six months before expiration of 
the initial term; faithfully perform under the initial 
agreement; refurbish, remodel, or replace the Franchise 
Premises and replace obsolete equipment; sign general 
release (current form attached as Exhibit N); sign a new 
agreement; pay renewal fee; have an acceptable location and 
lease; and attend any training we may require. 
d. Termination by you 
Not applicable 
Not applicable  
e. Termination by us 
without cause 
Not applicable 
Not applicable    
f. Termination by us 
with cause 
Section 7.2  
We can terminate if you commit any one of a list of 
violations, or if your lease terminates. 
g. “Cause” defined 
defaults which can be 
cured 
Section 7.2  
30 days to cure breach:  (i) failure to begin operations within 
one year, (ii) breach of FA or other agreements with us, or 
(iii) failure to operate in accordance with the mandatory 
Operations Manual.  
10 days to cure breach:  failure to pay amounts due, or close 
account or place a stop payment instruction with your bank. 
24 hours to cure breach:  unsafe, unhealthy, unclean or 
unsanitary condition. 
h. “Cause” defined 
defaults which cannot 
be cured 
Section 7.2, 8.1  
Abandonment, repeated default, misrepresentations, failure 
to successfully complete training, certain criminal 
conviction, endangerment of public health or safety, 
insolvency, bankruptcy or other proceedings, underreporting 
or fraud, noncompliance with law, lease termination or 
expiration, illegal or unauthorized use of the Franchise 
Premises, unauthorized transfer, termination of any other 
FA with us, acts injurious to our brand.  
i. Your obligations on 
termination/ 
nonrenewal 
Section 7.3  
Return of Operations Manual and Advertising Manual, guest 
data, release of telephone numbers and listings, remove all 
franchise-related equipment, furnishings, décor, signage, 
trade dress and inventory, payment of sums owed and future 
royalties, allow us final inspection and audit of your 
