 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
4 
October 2025 
techniques, service methods, and maintenance of quality standards.  You will be responsible for 
travel, accommodations, meals and other expenses for all training. 
(b) 
If you do not successfully complete Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise 
Solution Training, or Foundations Class, we may terminate this Agreement pursuant to 
Section 7.2(d)(iii) and we will retain your Franchise Fee.   
(c) 
All stores must be managed by a trained Franchise Owner or a Certified 
Manager (“Certified Manager”).  A Certified Manager is a manager or other employee who has 
received in-store training from the Franchise Owner in accordance with the In-Store Training 
Workbook and has successfully completed the Papa Murphy’s Basic Manager’s Class.  Basic 
Manager’s Classes are offered by us at no additional expense to you, but you will be responsible 
for paying all costs associated with the manager’s or other employee’s attendance as well as all 
wages and benefits of the manager or other employee earned during the Basic Manager’s Class.   
(d) 
We will furnish you with such reasonable operating assistance from time to 
time as we deem necessary for the operation of the Franchised Business.  Operating assistance will 
include advice and guidance regarding our Methods of Operation.  You acknowledge and 
understand that it is not our responsibility or duty to operate the Franchised Business and we do 
not have the legal right to direct your employees in the operation of the Franchised Business or the 
terms and conditions of their employment.  Those functions remain your sole responsibility and 
duty.  Further, you understand that the assistance provided to you under this Section 2.3(d), does 
not obligate us to provide the accounting, bookkeeping, administrative, inventory control or 
marketing services required for the operation of the Franchised Business or to otherwise operate 
the Franchised Business.  By providing advice or suggestions, we do not assume any of your 
responsibilities or duties. 
2.4 
Additional Training.  You and your manager must complete to our satisfaction any 
additional or advanced training or attend any regional meetings we may at any time require.  You 
will be responsible for the cost of any additional training, including any necessary travel, 
accommodations, meals, and other expenses which will be at your sole cost and expense, as well 
as all wages and benefits of the manager earned during the training. 
3. 
SITE SELECTION, PLANS AND CONSTRUCTION 
3.1 
Site Selection Area.  The site selection area (“Site Selection Area”) designated by 
us is described in Attachment A.  Unless otherwise approved by us, you must obtain a site for 
your Franchised Business (“Franchised Location”) within the Site Selection Area.  You will not 
have any exclusive rights to the Site Selection Area.  
3.2 
Site Selection. 
(a) 
You assume all cost, liability, expense and responsibility for locating, 
presenting for our prior review, securing and developing a site for the Franchised Business within 
the Site Selection Area.  In fulfilling your responsibility, you may be required to consult and work 
with real estate and other professionals identified by us.  Our evaluation of a prospective site and 
our assistance in the selection of a site does not mean that we represent, promise, warranty or 
