© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
24 
October 2025 
(2) 
You will pay us a 5% royalty fee (“Royalty Fee”).  We have elected, at our option, to 
periodically provide to select franchisees that met certain other conditions a reduced 
Royalty Fee.  Certain Franchised Stores are paying less than a 5% Royalty Fee under 
various assistance programs.  You will grant us access to the Store’s point of sale system 
to determine Net Sales, and provide any other reports, in the time, manner and form that 
we designate.  All Royalty Fee and Brand Marketing Fee payments are based upon Net 
Sales and must be paid in the time, manner and form that we designate.   
(3) 
“Net Sales” is defined in the Franchise Agreement, and includes all amounts earned or 
received by you in connection with operating the Franchised Store or similar or related 
activities.  Net Sales will not include any sales tax collected and paid to the government, 
or any guest refunds paid. 
(4) 
The Brand Marketing Fee is currently 2.0% of your Net Sales (“Brand Marketing Fee”).  
Brand Marketing Fee payments are in addition to and exclusive of any sums that you may 
decide, or be required, to spend on local marketing and promotion.   
(5) 
These expenditures will be made directly by you, subject to approval and direction by us 
or our designated advertising agency.  Each quarter, you must furnish to us an accounting 
of your expenditures on local marketing and promotion.  If you fail to spend the required 
amount on local marketing and promotion, you will deposit the difference between the 
amount of the required amount and the amount you actually spent with us.  We will deposit 
this amount into the Brand Marketing Fund or direct it to a multi-area marketing program, 
as we determine.  We may designate local or regional advertising coverage areas to develop 
cooperative local or regional advertising or promotional programs.  You must participate 
in and contribute your share to cooperative advertising and promotional programs in your 
advertising coverage area. 
 
Your contribution to cooperative advertising or promotional programs will be credited 
toward the minimum local marketing expenditure required above.  The cooperative will 
establish to whom and when to make contribution payments. You may be required to 
contribute a minimum of 5% of Net Sales to any cooperative to which you are assigned or 
such higher amount as is approved by the cooperative.  For the avoidance of doubt, no 
increase or decrease to the cooperative contribution will be made without our prior written 
consent and approval.  See ITEM 11.  Currently, cooperatives contribute up to 7.5% of Net 
Sales as determined by the local cooperative as approved by us. 
 
We may, at our discretion, require that all or a portion of your local marketing expenditure 
or your contribution to the cooperative advertising or promotion programs be paid into the 
Brand Marketing Fund.  In the event that we require you to pay all or a portion of your 
local marketing expenditure or your contribution to the cooperative advertising or 
promotion programs into the Brand Marketing Fund, such amounts will be credited toward 
the minimum local marketing expenditure. 
 
If we own and operate any Papa Murphy’s Store in the cooperative, our store will contribute 
to the cooperative fund on the same basis as do our franchisees.  Company-owned stores 
