 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
24 
October 2025 
immediate termination of this Agreement and any other agreement you have entered into with us 
or any of our affiliates. 
(e) 
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” means Executive Order 13224 issued by the 
President of the United States, the Terrorism Sanctions Regulations (Title 31, Part 595 of the U.S. 
Code of Federal Regulations), the Foreign Terrorist Organizations Sanctions Regulations 
(Title 31, Part 597 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations), the Cuban Assets Control Regulations 
(Title 31, Part 515 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations), the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other 
present and future federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulations, policies, lists and any other 
requirements of any governmental authority (including, without limitation, the United States 
Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control and any government agency outside the 
U.S.) addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and/or acts of war.   
6.19 
Franchise Convention.  Your attendance at each convention is strongly encouraged.  
You will pay your cost for travel, accommodations, meals and other expenses.  We may charge 
you a fee to attend.   
7. 
CONTINUATION OF ABILITY TO OPERATE; TERMINATION; STEP-IN 
RIGHTS 
7.1 
Continuing to Operate Beyond this Agreement.  This Agreement grants you the 
right to operate using our Methods of Operation and our Marks for ten years from the 
Commencement Date, unless terminated earlier under this Agreement.  In order for you to continue 
to operate beyond the ten-year initial term, you must enter into the then-current form of franchise 
agreement and then-current form of Successive Addendum, the terms of which may vary 
substantially from this Agreement.  The term of any franchise agreement successive to your initial 
franchise agreement (“Successive Franchise Agreement”) will be for five years.  Your ability to 
enter into a Successive Franchise Agreement and continue to operate is contingent on satisfactory 
performance of this Agreement and any other agreements with us, and our approval of your current 
location and lease, and you must not be in default under this Agreement or any other agreements 
between you and us or our affiliates or a third party that relates to the franchise in any way.  In 
addition, in order to receive a Successive Franchise Agreement, the following must occur:   
(a) 
You must submit a written request to continue operating to us not sooner than 
12 months before the end of the term and not later than 6 months before the end of the term. 
(b) 
At least 60 days before the expiration date, you must execute the Successive 
Franchise Agreement and Successive Addendum which may vary in material respects from this 
Agreement.   
(c) 
At least 60 days before the expiration date, you must pay us a fee equivalent 
to one-half of the then-current Franchise Fee for our costs incurred in connection with issuing a 
Successive Franchise Agreement and continuing your right to operate the Franchised Business.   
(d) 
You must execute a general release in the form we require to release us from 
any claims you may have against us.  This general release will apply only to the Franchised 
Business which is the subject of the Successive Franchise Agreement. 
