 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
21 
October 2025 
will provide us content for our ECS marketing.  We also retain the sole right to use the Marks on 
the Internet, including on websites, as domain names, directory addresses, metatags, and in 
connection with linking, advertising, co-branding, social media, and other arrangements.  We 
retain the right to approve any linking or other use of our website.  You may not establish a 
presence on or market using the Internet or any other ECS except as we may specify, or with our 
prior written consent.  You may not engage in text marketing or marketing using any other form 
of electronic communication via cell phone, smart phone, or other personal digital assistant without 
our express permission and ensuring that such marketing complies with our policies and 
requirements set forth in the Manual.  All ECS marketing, websites and other activity are a part of 
Multi-Area Marketing Programs and Promotions, and must be coordinated through us and 
approved by us.  
6.14 
Manual and Methods of Operation.  
(a) 
We will grant you access to the confidential Manual for the mandatory 
training program and, if you satisfactorily complete training, for the term of the Agreement and 
any applicable Interim Period.  All Manuals, including any printouts or electronic copies, must be 
returned upon termination. 
(b) 
The Marks and the Manual, including the Methods of Operation, are our sole 
and exclusive property.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement gives you or others 
any right in them.  We own all copyrights to the Manual, advertising material, menus and any other 
marketing and promotional materials produced by us, and other works of authorship related to the 
Methods of Operation, and to the Franchised Business. 
(c) 
We may change or modify the Methods of Operation and any other part of 
the Manual.  You will accept and comply with all mandatory changes and modifications.  You will 
bear all costs and expenses that may be necessary because of such changes or modifications.  We 
have the right to prescribe additions to, deletions from or revisions of the Manual (the 
“Supplements to the Manual”), all of which will be considered a part of the Manual.  All 
references to the Manual in this Agreement will include the Supplements to the Manual.  
Supplements to the Manual will become binding on you as if originally set forth in the Manual, 
upon being delivered to you.  The Manual and any Supplements to the Manual are material in that 
they will affect the operation of the Franchised Business. 
(d) 
The Manual will contain mandatory and suggested specifications, standards 
and Methods of Operation that we have developed for Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza stores.  
Any required standards or Methods of Operation exist to protect our interests in the System and 
Marks and to create a uniform customer experience, and not for the purpose of establishing any 
control or duty to take control over those matters that are reserved to you.  The required standards 
or Methods of Operation will be set forth in the Manual.  In some instances, the required standards 
will include recommendations or guidelines to meet the required standards.  You may follow the 
recommendations or guidelines or some other suitable alternative, provided you meet and comply 
with the required standards.  In other instances, no suitable alternative may exist.  In order to 
protect our interests in the System and Marks, we reserve the right to determine if you are meeting 
a required standard and whether an alternative is suitable to any recommendations or guidelines. 
