MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 9  
1.  
Nature of operations 
MTY Franchising USA, Inc. (the “Company” or “MTY USA”) was incorporated on March 14, 2001. 
The Company develops and franchises restaurants under a multitude of different banners in the 
United States of America (the “US”). 
2.  
Significant accounting policies 
Basis of presentation 
The accounting policies of the Company are in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the US (“US GAAP”). The Company uses the US dollar as its functional and reporting 
currency, and tabular amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand ($000) except when otherwise 
indicated. MTY USA is a wholly owned subsidiary of MTY Food Group Inc. 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial 
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual 
results could differ from those estimates. 
Presented below are those policies considered particularly significant: 
Basis of consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements reflect the financial position and operating results of the 
Company, including wholly owned subsidiaries and investees that we control. 
The principal subsidiaries of the Company are as follows: 
Principal subsidiaries 
Percentage of equity interest 
% 
BF Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
100 
Built Franchise Systems, LLC 
100 
CB Franchise Systems, LLC 
100 
Kahala Brands Ltd. 
100 
Papa Murphy’s Holdings Inc. 
100 
BBQ Holdings, Inc. (Note 4) 
100 
Revenues and expenses of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated statement of operations 
and comprehensive income from the effective date of acquisition. The subsidiaries are consolidated 
from the acquisition date until the date on which the Company ceases to control them. 
All intercompany transactions, balances, revenues and expenses are eliminated in full upon 
consolidation. 
