© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
18 
October 2025 
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Disclosure 
Document. 
ITEM 4   
BANKRUPTCY 
JND Tropics LLC  
Vice President of Operations, Dan Rudolph, is a member of JND Tropics LLC, an Arizona 
limited liability company and a multi-unit operator of Tropical Smoothie Cafes in Arizona. On 
June 12, 2025, JND Tropics LLC filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy under Subchapter V of 
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Arizona 
under Case No. 2:25-bk-05356.  
No other bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Disclosure Document. 
ITEM 5   
INITIAL FEES PAID TO THE FRANCHISOR 
Franchise Agreement 
You must pay us an Initial Franchise Fee of $25,000 when you sign the Franchise 
Agreement for the purchase of your first Franchised Store.  You will pay a reduced subsequent 
franchise fee of $15,000 for the purchase of additional Franchised Stores (“Subsequent Franchise 
Fee”).  Except where otherwise noted, the Initial and Subsequent Franchise Fees are not 
refundable.  In the past, we have waived franchise fees in limited circumstances.  We reserve the 
right to increase or decrease the Initial or Subsequent Franchise Fees at any time.  The Initial 
Franchise Fee and the Transfer Fee are otherwise nonrefundable and are deemed fully earned.   
In our latest fiscal year ended December 2, 2024, our actual range of Franchise Fees 
payable was $0 to $25,000.   
Multiple Store Commitment 
For qualified candidates, we may grant a franchisee the right to develop multiple stores 
pursuant to a Multiple Store Commitment Letter and Amendment to Franchise Agreements.  The 
nonrefundable multiple store fee (“Multiple Store Fee”) for a Multiple Store Commitment is one 
Initial Franchise Fee of $25,000 for the first store and a Subsequent Franchise Fee of $15,000 for 
each additional store and is due upon signing.  If you sign a Multiple Store Commitment Letter 
and Amendment to Franchise Agreement, you will also sign a Franchise Agreement for each 
Franchised Store under the Multiple Store Commitment. 
The Multiple Store Fee is deemed fully earned upon receipt and not refundable in whole 
or in part under any circumstances, even if you fail or are unable to open any of the Franchised 
Stores provided for under the Multiple Store Commitment Letter and Amendment to Franchise 
Agreements. 
