 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
39 
October 2025 
not embodied herein, which are of any force or effect with reference to this Agreement or 
otherwise.  No amendment, change, or variance from this Agreement shall be binding on either 
party unless executed in writing by our authorized representatives.  Nothing in this or any related 
agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made in that certain document 
titled “Franchise Disclosure Document” that we provided to you prior to your signing this 
Agreement.   
(d) 
Titles of articles and sections are used for convenience of reference only and 
are not part of the text, nor are they to be construed as limiting or affecting the construction of the 
provisions. 
(e) 
All references in this Agreement to the singular shall include the plural where 
applicable, and all references to the masculine shall include the feminine and vice versa.  
(f) 
No right or remedy of ours in this Agreement is exclusive of any other right 
or remedy herein, or of any right or remedy provided or permitted by law or equity, but each shall 
be cumulative of every other right or remedy of ours.  You agree that any claim that you may have 
against us, whether or not arising under this Agreement, shall not constitute a defense to our 
enforcement of any term of this Agreement.   
(g) 
The parties agree to acknowledge, sign and deliver all further documents, 
instruments or assurances and to perform all further acts or deeds as may be reasonably required 
to carry out this Agreement.  You agree and hereby appoint us as your attorney-in-fact, which 
appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable, where required to effect the purposes 
of this provision. 
(h) 
The provisions of this Agreement which by their terms or by reasonable 
implication require performance by you after assignment, expiration or termination, remain 
enforceable notwithstanding the assignment, expiration or termination of this Agreement, 
including those pertaining to noncompetition, intellectual property protection, confidentiality and 
indemnity.  This Agreement inures to the benefit of and is binding on the respective heirs, legal 
representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties. 
10.8 
Modification.  This Agreement may be modified only by mutual consent of the 
parties in writing and signed by an authorized person from each of the parties. 
10.9 
Representations and Warranties by Franchise Owner.  You warrant that you have 
received a complete copy of this Agreement, our Franchise Disclosure Document and applicable 
exhibits, and that before signing this Agreement, there was an ample opportunity to review them.  
NO STATEMENT WAS MADE, WHETHER ORAL, WRITTEN, OR OTHERWISE, 
THAT CONTRADICTS THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT OR THIS 
AGREEMENT. 
10.10 Negotiation and Mediation.  This dispute resolution clause applies to claims by and 
against all parties and their affiliates, successors, owners, members, managers, officers, directors, 
employees, agents, and representatives, as to claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or 
our relationship, except as stated below.  The parties will first attempt to resolve any dispute 
