MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 10  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Business combinations 
The Company accounts for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting in 
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification 
(“ASC”) 805, Business Combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition is the fair 
values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred, and the equity interest issued. The 
consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent 
consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured 
initially at their fair value at the acquisition date. 
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net 
assets acquired. If, after reassessment, the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount 
of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held 
interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain 
purchase gain. 
Goodwill reflects how the acquisition will impact the Company’s ability to generate future profits in 
excess of existing profits. The consideration paid mostly relates to combined synergies, related 
mainly to revenue growth. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill as they do not 
meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets. 
When the consideration transferred by the Company in a business combination includes assets or 
liabilities resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is 
measured at its acquisition date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a 
business combination. 
When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Company’s previously held equity interest 
in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Company 
obtains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss. Amounts arising 
from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognized in 
income and other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would 
be appropriate if that interest were disposed of. 
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in 
which the combination occurs, the Company reports provisional amounts for the items for which the 
accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the 
measurement period or additional assets or liabilities are recognized, to reflect new information 
obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have 
affected the amounts recognized at that date. 
Goodwill 
Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets 
of acquired businesses. Goodwill is carried at cost reduced by previous impairment losses, if any.
