 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
37 
October 2025 
of a change of mailing address, email address or telephone number, all notices sent to the prior 
address will be deemed properly delivered. 
Contact person:   
 
 
____   Home ____   Business  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Phone: 
 
 
Email address: 
 
 
 
(c) 
Notices to us will be addressed to us at the following address unless and until 
a different address has been designated by us in writing: 
Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
Attention:  Legal Department 
8000 NE Parkway Drive  
Suite 100 
Vancouver, WA 98662 
Email:  Legal@papamurphys.com 
 
10.2 
Franchise Advisory Board.  A Franchise Advisory Board (“FAB”) has been formed 
and shall be utilized by us to gather input and advice from the franchise community on key 
initiatives and business issues.  The FAB serves in an advisory capacity only.  Members of the 
FAB are franchise owners elected by the franchise community or appointed by us.  The purpose 
of the FAB is to encourage open communication and cooperation between us and our franchise 
owners.  We may, as we deem necessary, change, dissolve or reform the FAB, or create ad hoc 
committees to provide insight and advice on particular topics.  
10.3 
Relationship of Parties.  This Agreement does not constitute a designation of, or 
create a relationship with, Franchise Owner as an agent, legal representative, joint venturer, 
partner, employee, or servant of us or our parent, subsidiary, and affiliated entities for any purpose 
whatsoever; and it is deemed understood between the parties hereto that Franchise Owner shall be 
an independent contractor and is in no way authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty, 
or representation on behalf of us, our parent, subsidiary, and affiliated entities or to create any 
obligation, express or implied, on behalf of us, our parent, subsidiary, and affiliated entities.  The 
parties agree that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between us, our parent, 
subsidiary and affiliated entities and Franchise Owner.   
10.4 
Non-Waiver of Rights.  Our waiver of any particular right will not affect or impair 
our rights as to any subsequent exercise of that right of the same or a different kind; nor will any 
delay, forbearance or omission by us to execute any rights affect or impair our rights as to any 
future exercise of those rights.  No failure by us to exercise any power or right reserved hereunder, 
or to insist upon strict compliance by Franchise Owner with any obligation or condition hereunder, 
and no custom or practice of the parties in variance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a waiver 
