 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
14 
October 2025 
(d) 
You may not use any advertising, marketing, promotional materials, or 
advertising vendors that have not been provided by us or approved by us in writing.  You may not 
embark upon advertising in any media or location without our written approval of the media.  If 
within ten days after submission, we have not advised you in writing that the material is approved, 
the material will be deemed disapproved by us for you to use.  
(e) 
In addition to your obligations under Section 5.1(a) above, we may require 
that all or a portion of your Local Marketing Expense (as defined below) or advertising cooperative 
contribution be paid into the Brand Marketing Fund.  In the event that we require you to pay all or 
a portion of your Local Marketing Expense or advertising cooperative contribution into the Brand 
Marketing Fund, such amounts will be credited toward the minimum Local Marketing Expense.  
5.2 
Local Marketing. 
(a) 
Unless you are in an advertising cooperative complying with the requirements 
of Section 5.3(b), you must spend each month on local marketing a minimum of the greater of 
$2,000 or 5 percent of your Net Sales (“Local Marketing Expense”).  You will use only 
franchisor-approved advertising, marketing and promotional materials.  You will report and 
document your Local Marketing Expense to us at such times and in such manner as we specify, 
including by electronic means.  If you fail to satisfy the Local Marketing Expense for the calendar 
year, you will deposit with us the difference between the amount of the Local Marketing Expense 
and the amount you actually spent during the calendar year on qualifying activities described in 
this Section.  We will deposit that amount in the Multi-Area Marketing Program or Brand 
Marketing Fund, as we determine. 
(b) 
You must spend through us or at our direction up to $15,000 on advertising 
as we determine, including local marketing, prior to and during your first 180 days of operation.  
We may require all or a portion of these funds to be paid into the Brand Marketing Fund for 
purposes of national media, digital marketing or other marketing expenses.  In addition, we may 
require you to obtain professional public relations assistance and advice, to effectively execute the 
opening marketing plan.   
(c) 
You must adhere to, participate in, and follow our marketing programs and 
guidance, including but not limited to local store marketing activities, displays, signage, customer 
loyalty, gift certificates, stored value cards, gift cards, online ordering, delivery and advertising in 
accordance with our Manual. 
(d) 
You may not do business, solicit customers, or place advertisements by any 
means, including any ECS, that primarily reach persons outside your regional advertising (or local 
cooperative, if applicable) area, except with our prior written consent or by following the 
requirements of the Manual. 
5.3 
Cooperative Advertising. 
(a) 
We may designate local or regional advertising coverage areas to develop 
cooperative local or regional advertising and promotional programs.  You must participate in and 
