Exhibit N – Release of Claims 
2 
October 2025 
(c) 
As used herein, the term “Claims” shall have the following meaning: 
claims, suits, debts, liabilities, causes of action, demands, contracts, promises, obligations, losses, 
rights, controversies, damages, costs, expenses (including without limitation actual attorneys’ fees 
and costs incurred), actions and causes of action of every nature, whether known or unknown, 
direct or indirect, vested or contingent, claims, at law or in equity, whether arising by statute, 
common law, or otherwise, including without limitation claims for negligence. 
2.2 
The Franchise Owner Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release, acquit 
and forever discharge, and covenant not to sue, the Franchisor Parties of and from any and all 
Claims that they may now have, or at any time previously had, or hereafter may have or claim to 
have, against each or any of the Franchisor Parties arising out of or relating to any conduct, 
transaction, occurrence, act or omission at any time before the Effective Date relating to the 
Franchise Agreement, the Franchised Business, the franchise relationship between the Parties, the 
offer or sale of any franchise, or any other agreement between any of the Franchise Owner Parties 
and any of the Franchisor Parties. 
2.3 
The Franchise Owner Parties represent that they have not assigned or transferred, 
or purported to assign or transfer, any Claim released by them under Section 2.2 above. 
2.4 
In entering into this Release, Franchise Owner represents that it has had the 
opportunity to consult an attorney of its own choice, that an attorney of its own choice has reviewed 
this Release, that the undersigned have read the terms of the Release, and that the terms of this 
Release are understood and voluntarily accepted by it. 
2.5 
[CA ONLY]:  The undersigned intend this Release to cover, encompass, release, 
and extinguish all claims and matters which might otherwise be reserved by California Civil Code 
Section 1542 and any similar provision of any other applicable law.  California Civil Code 
Section 1542 provides as follows: 
“A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS 
WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO 
EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING 
THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST 
HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED THE SETTLEMENT WITH 
THE DEBTOR.” 
3. 
General.  No amendment to this Release or waiver of the rights or obligations of either 
party shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties.  This Release is governed by the 
laws of the State of Washington without regard to conflicts of laws principles.  If any provision of 
this Release is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other 
provisions of this Release will remain in full force and effect.  This Release contains the entire 
agreement and understanding of the parties concerning the subject matter of this Release.   
 
