MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 19  
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Estimates and assumptions (continued) 
Impact of COVID-19 
During the year ended November 30, 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact the 
markets in which MTY USA and its franchise partners and suppliers operate. The beginning of 
the year saw the spread of the Omicron variant, which impacted certain markets with additional 
government-mandated restrictions. However, over the following months such restrictions were 
gradually eased, with most government-imposed restrictions lifted in the second quarter in most 
of the markets in which MTY USA operates. The continuing vaccination campaigns, including the 
administration of boosters and the gradual expansion of the coverage of the population, allowed 
those markets to mostly remain open in the second half of the year, with small disruptions in 
certain areas. Although there is uncertainty surrounding the effects that the lifting of restrictions 
will have on the number of infections and the potential emergence of new variants, the current 
situation appears to highlight a familiar sense of back-to-normal with the longer-term impact on 
the economy and the rules and restrictions that will apply to MTY USA’s restaurants. 
As a result of the continued and uncertain economic and business impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the Company continues to monitor the estimates, judgments and assumptions used in 
the financial statements. For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company determined that 
there were no specific triggers for impairment assessments attributable to COVID-19. 
Accordingly, the Company did not record impairment charges on its property, plant and 
equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill in the period attributable to COVID-19. These 
estimates, judgments and assumptions are subject to change. 
