© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
30 
October 2025 
cost for us to perform the deployment services is $1,200 and the cost for equipment staging 
is $250. You must pay us this fee which will be withdrawn by us via ACH authorization 
that allows us to deduct the fee from your Franchised Store bank account.  (See Exhibit I.)   
 
We may charge you a fee for miscellaneous development services as follows:  (i) if we 
permit you to build or relocate your Franchised Store using used equipment, we may charge 
you a fee to cover additional time required to create a store plan incorporating specific used 
equipment; (ii) if you modify the plans for your Franchised Store after they have been sent 
to the architects for completion of construction documents, you will be responsible for any 
fees resulting from the modification of the plans; or (iii) if you require more than one set 
of revisions to your store plan. 
(5) 
Inventory is required as outlined in the Operations Manual.  Payments for the inventory 
are made to suppliers, not us.  The time and method of payment is determined by the 
contract between you and the supplier. 
(6) 
You are solely responsible to obtain and pay for a location for the franchise (“Franchise 
Premises”).  The cost of purchasing or leasing a Franchise Premises varies with its location 
and size.  The average size of a Franchise Premises built in 2024 was 1,490 square feet and 
ranges from 1,238 to 1,754 square feet.  The range for Franchise Premises rent identified 
in this chart reflects our best estimate of the total rent you will pay for the first three months 
for your Franchised Store. 
(7) 
Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise Solution Training and Foundations Class will be 
provided at no cost to up to two individuals that have signed the Franchise Agreement.  The 
cost of Operations In-Store Training, Enterprise Solution Training and Foundations Class 
is $750 for each franchisee beyond two or each non-owner attendee. 
 
Foundations Class includes completion of ServSafe® Manager certification or an 
equivalent state-specific food safety certification.  You are responsible for the cost of the 
course materials and examination which vary depending on your state and local 
requirements.   
(8) 
We require you to retain a bookkeeping and payroll service that meets our criteria for the 
first year of operation of the Franchised Store.  We reserve the right to require you to retain 
and use a human resources outsourcing firm to provide general human resource support, 
including but not limited to job description services, human resource compliance support 
services, management and supervisor training, and payroll services beyond your first year 
of operation of the Franchised Store.  
(9) 
You will also have other miscellaneous expenses involved in establishing a business.  
These expenses vary greatly, and we have estimated a minimum of $10,000 and up to 
$50,000.  They may include attorney fees, license fees, deposits, sales tax bonds (where 
required), recruiting expenses, employee wages, and supply expenses.  You will pay your 
own legal and other expenses in connection with the review and negotiation of your lease. 
You must pay all taxes required by local, state or federal laws related to the services 
furnished or used in connection with the operation of a Papa Murphy’s Franchised Store.  
