Exhibit F – State Law Addenda 
8 
October 2025 
4. 
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under 
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties 
are represented by independent counsel.  Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or 
limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act 
such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
5. 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s 
reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.   
6. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from 
the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will 
be adjusted annually for inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the 
independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed 
$250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any 
provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations 
are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
7. 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting 
a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or 
(ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions contained 
in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
8. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 
