 
Attachment C to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
4 
October 2025 
Lease unless Tenant fails to pay any installments of rent or any other additional charges promptly 
on the day when they shall become due and payable, and such failure to pay shall continue for a 
period of ten (10) days after written notice by Landlord. 
 
17. 
Right to Cure - Non-Monetary Defaults.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Lease, Tenant shall not be deemed in default of a non-monetary obligation under 
the Lease unless Tenant fails to promptly keep and perform any affirmative covenants of the Lease 
strictly in accordance with the terms of the Lease and shall not cure such failure for a period of 
thirty (30) days after written notice by Landlord of default and demand for performance.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, if any default shall occur other 
than in the payment of money, which cannot with due diligence be cured within a period of thirty 
(30) days, and Tenant, prior to the expiration of thirty (30) days from and after the giving of the 
notice, commences to eliminate the cause of such default and diligently pursues the cure of such 
default, then Tenant shall not be deemed in default under the Lease. 
 
18. 
Termination, Transfer, or Expiration of Lease or Franchise Agreement. 
 
18.1 
Franchisor may at its option take an assignment of Tenant’s interest by 
written notice of its exercise of the option sent within fifteen (15) days after the effective date of 
any termination, transfer or expiration of the Lease or Franchise Agreement. Landlord may rely 
on Franchisor’s written notice of termination, transfer, or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
18.2 
Franchisor may cure any default in the Lease within fifteen (15) days after 
exercise of its option; and must assume possession within a reasonable time thereafter.  Landlord 
will assist Franchisor in gaining possession of premises.  If Franchisor does not elect to take an 
assignment of the Tenant’s interest, Landlord will allow Franchisor to enter the premises to remove 
all signs and all other removable items containing Franchisor’s trademarks, and to make such other 
modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably necessary to distinguish the trademarks and 
trade dress from those of Franchisor. 
 
19. 
No Recapture of Excess Rent.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
in the Lease, Landlord shall not be entitled to any amounts paid by any subtenant or Tenant in 
excess of the rents provided for in the Lease. 
 
20. 
Third Party Amendments.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, 
Tenant shall not be required to agree to substantive Lease modifications required by Landlord’s 
Lender or other third party and Tenant’s failure to so agree shall not result in termination of the 
Lease or be considered a default under the Lease. 
 
21. 
Amendments.  No amendment or variation of the terms of this Addendum to the 
Lease shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 
 
22. 
Beneficiary.  Landlord and Tenant expressly agree that Franchisor is a third party 
beneficiary of this Addendum.  This Addendum creates no obligations of the Franchisor. 
 
