Exhibit F – State Law Addenda 
4 
October 2025 
2. 
Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule Part 2860.4400J, may 
prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota.   
3. 
Under Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.21, any designation of governing law will 
not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the franchisee as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit non-arbitrable matters to the jurisdiction of 
the courts in Minnesota. 
4. 
In accordance with Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J, we cannot require a franchisee to 
waive his or her rights to a jury trial or to waive rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies 
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction, or to consent to liquidated damages, termination 
penalties, or judgment notes; provided that this part shall not bar an exclusive arbitration clause.  
5. 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400D prohibits franchisor from requiring a franchisee to 
assent to a general release.   
6. 
Pursuant to Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.12, Subdivision 1(g), we will protect 
your right to use the primary trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype or other commercial 
symbol or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand 
regarding the use of franchisor’s primary trade name, provided that you have used the primary 
mark in accordance with our standards and specifications and have notified us within ten days of 
your knowledge of such claim. 
7. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed with the franchise. 
8. 
Item 19 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to delete the following 
paragraph in it: 
“The amount of sales realized and costs and expenses incurred will vary 
from store to store.  The sales, costs and expenses of your Franchised Store will be 
directly affected by many factors, such as the Franchised Store’s size, geographic 
location, menu mix, and competition in the marketplace; the presence of other Papa 
Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza stores; the extent of market penetration and brand 
awareness that Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza stores have attained in your 
market; the quality of management and service at your Franchised Store; 
contractual relationships with lessors and vendors; the extent to which you finance 
the construction and operation of the Franchised Store; your legal, accounting, real 
estate and other professional fees; federal, state and local income, gross profits or 
other taxes; discretionary expenditures; and accounting methods used.  You should, 
therefore, use this analysis only as a reference.” 
 
