© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
19 
October 2025 
Extension Fee 
If you cannot develop and open the Franchised Store within one year after signing the 
Franchise Agreement, you may request in writing that we approve an extension of up to six months 
within which you must open the Franchised Store.  You must pay us a non-refundable extension 
fee of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) when you request the extension regarding 
the Franchised Business.  
Development Billing Agreement 
Separately, we may require you to enter into a “Development Billing Agreement” in 
substantially the form set forth in Exhibit L attached to this Disclosure Document.  Under the 
Development Billing Agreement, we will pay on your behalf various third party vendors for the 
development of the Franchised Store.  You will place funds in a specified bank account and 
authorize us to access such account electronically to pay third party vendors for various costs 
related to the build-out and new store marketing/grand opening spend of the Franchised Store.  We 
will not be liable for any vendor-related costs associated with Franchised Store development and 
you must indemnify us from all damages, claims and expenses in providing this service to you.  
The amount you may be required to reimburse us for payments we make under the Development 
Billing Agreement will range from $144,764 to $283,450.  Such amounts you pay to us are non-
refundable.   
Military Discount 
We currently are offering an incentive program to active military personnel and veterans 
who were honorably discharged from the United States Armed Forces who meet our other 
qualifications.  If you qualify for the military program, you will pay a reduced Franchise Fee.  We 
reserve the right to modify or cancel this program at any time. 
Heroes Program 
We currently are offering an incentive program to law enforcement officers, medical 
doctors, nurses, emergency medical technicians and fire fighters who meet our other qualifications.  
If you qualify for the Heroes Program, you will pay a reduced Franchise Fee.  We reserve the right 
to modify or cancel this program at any time. 
Store Manager to Ownership Transfer Program 
We currently are offering a program for Papa Murphy’s store managers with a minimum 
of 24 months of experience as a Papa Murphy’s store manager.  If you qualify for this program, 
we may waive the Transfer Fee and provide other additional incentives. 
