 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
29 
October 2025 
(c) 
You agree to provide us with access to and control of the bank accounts of 
the Franchised Business or the funds necessary in order to pay the debts and ongoing obligations 
of the Franchised Business, or set up another account for that purpose. 
(d) 
We will have no obligation to retain any of your employees, or to honor any 
contractual employment commitments you previously made. 
(e) 
Upon our exercise of these rights, you agree to hold us harmless for all acts, 
omissions, damages, or liabilities arising during operation. 
(f) 
Our operation of the Franchised Business will not operate as an assignment 
to us of any lease or sublease of franchise property. 
7.5 
Interim Period.  If you do not sign the Successive Franchise Agreement and 
Successive Addendum prior to the expiration of this Agreement but you continue to accept the 
benefits of this Agreement after the expiration of this Agreement, then, at our option, this 
Agreement may be treated as either: 
(a) 
expired as of the date of expiration with you operating without a franchise in 
violation of our rights; or  
(b) 
continuing on a month-to-month basis (“Interim Period”) until one party 
provides the other with written notice of such party’s intent to terminate the Interim Period, in 
which case the Interim Period will terminate 30 days after receipt of the notice to terminate the 
Interim Period. All of your obligations shall remain in full force and effect during the Interim 
Period as if this Agreement had not expired, and in the event of termination of the Interim Period, 
all obligations and restrictions imposed on you upon expiration of this Agreement shall be deemed 
to take effect upon termination of the Interim Period. 
7.6 
Early Termination Damages.  If you discontinue operating your Franchised 
Business before this Agreement expires, with or without obtaining our prior written consent, or in 
the event of a termination of this Agreement arising from or related to your default and breach of 
its provisions, you will become obligated to pay Franchisor early termination damages (“Early 
Termination Damages”).  The Early Termination Damages, which shall be considered damages 
and not a penalty, are not in lieu of other damages, and your payment of these damages shall not 
constitute a release of any other obligation owed to us.  We, you, each individual signing on behalf 
of you, and each guarantor guaranteeing your obligations hereunder, hereby acknowledge and 
agree that our losses due to your closure of the Franchised Business or the termination of this 
Agreement would be highly difficult or impossible to calculate with reasonable certainty and, 
therefore, have agreed at the outset of this Agreement that the Early Termination Damages, and 
the formula for calculating these damages, constitutes a reasonable, good faith forecast of our 
estimated losses and damages due to the premature closure of the Franchised Business or 
termination of this Agreement. 
