 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
20 
October 2025 
(b) 
Although you must use the Marks as your trade name, in the manner that we 
specify, you must also have a separate business name.  You may not use the Marks or any similar 
marks or words in your business name. 
(c) 
You must obtain our prior written approval for any use of any item of printed, 
audio, visual, Internet, electronic media, or multimedia material of any kind bearing any of the 
Marks, unless we supplied the item.  You must follow our trademark and copyright usage 
directions.  You will indicate to third parties and prominently display in the Franchised Business 
that your business is “independently owned and operated” and that we own the Marks and you use 
them under license.  
(d) 
Any licenses, permits, official documents, bank accounts or other accounts 
will be in your separate business name, and, if they refer to the Marks, will state that your use of 
the Marks is limited by this Agreement. 
(e) 
You must notify us immediately if there is any infringement or challenge to 
your use of the Marks.  We are not obligated to protect your right to use the Marks and may direct 
you not to use the Marks.  If there is any infringement or challenge to your use of the Marks, and 
we must modify or replace one or more Marks, we will reimburse you only for actual direct costs 
of purchasing new signage as a result of changed Marks. 
(f) 
You agree that we own the Marks and all goodwill associated with the Marks 
and you will not contest our ownership of the Marks. 
(g) 
You must not sublicense our Marks.  You have no rights in the Marks other 
than those explicitly granted by this Agreement.  You further agree that any unauthorized, injurious 
or prejudicial use of the Marks during the term of or after the expiration or the earlier termination 
of this Agreement shall constitute an incurable default causing irreparable harm entitling us to 
injunctive relief.   
(h) 
You must fully and promptly disclose to us and hereby permanently and 
irrevocably assign to us any and all rights and interests (including intellectual property rights and 
interests) to any and all of the following which is developed by you, or on your behalf, if developed 
in whole or in part in connection with your Franchised Business: all products or services; all 
variations, modifications and/or improvements on products or services; your means, manner and 
style of offering and selling products and services; management techniques or protocols you may 
develop (or have developed on your behalf); all sales, marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs, campaigns or materials developed by you or on your behalf; and, all other intellectual 
property developed by you or on behalf of your Franchised Business, and any Customer Data that 
you collect, or is collected on your behalf, using any means, including the Internet or any other 
form of Electronic Communication System.  
(i) 
You may not independently have a site or market on the Internet, or use any 
domain name, address, locator, link, metatag, or search technique, with words or symbols the same 
as or similar to the Marks.  You may not have any ECS presence outside our website or social 
media sites.  We retain the sole right to market on the Internet and each other ECS, including all 
use of websites, domain names, URLs, linking, advertising, and co-branding arrangements.  You 
