MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 15  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Intangible assets (continued) 
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination 
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognized separately from goodwill 
are initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets having a finite life acquired in a business 
combination are reported at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment 
losses, if applicable, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. 
Intangible assets having an indefinite life are not amortized and are therefore carried at cost 
reduced by previous impairment losses, if applicable. 
Derecognition of intangible assets 
An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, 
measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset, are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is derecognized. 
The Company currently carries the following intangible assets in its books: 
Franchise rights 
The franchise rights acquired through business combinations are recognized at the fair value of 
the estimated future cash inflows related to the acquisition of franchises. The franchise rights are 
generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreements which typically range 
between 10 to 20 years. 
Trademarks 
Trademarks acquired through business combinations are recognized at their fair value at the time 
of the acquisition and are not amortized. Trademarks are determined to have an indefinite useful 
life based on their brand recognition and their ability to generate revenue through changing 
economic conditions with no foreseeable time limit. 
Other 
Included in other intangible assets are purchased software and liquor licences, which are being 
amortized over their expected useful life on a straight-line basis. 
Impairment of long-lived assets other than goodwill 
The Company continually reviews whether events or circumstances subsequent to the acquisition 
of any long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, have occurred that 
indicate the remaining estimated useful lives of those assets may warrant revision or that the 
remaining balance of those assets may not be recoverable. If events and circumstances indicate 
that the long-lived assets should be reviewed for possible impairment, the Company uses 
projections to assess whether future cash flows on an undiscounted basis related to the assets 
exceed the recorded carrying amount of those assets to determine if an asset is impaired. Should 
an impairment be identified, a loss would be recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the 
impaired assets exceeds their fair values as determined by valuation techniques appropriate in 
the circumstances that could include the use of similar cash flow projections on a discounted 
basis. The reporting units of indefinite intangible assets are individual brands, comprised of 
franchise rights, trademarks, and perpetual licenses. 
