© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
42 
October 2025 
Your contributions to regional cooperative advertising or promotional programs will be 
credited toward the minimum local marketing and promotional expenditure required by 
Section 5.2 of the Franchise Agreement.  “Advertising Coverage Area” means the area covered 
by a particular advertising medium (television, radio or other medium) as recognized in the 
industry or as determined by us.   
Your contributions must be paid as detailed in the governing documents of the local or 
regional advertising cooperative approved by us.  We have the right to require and approve or 
disapprove bylaws or other governing documents under which these cooperative advertising and 
promotional programs operate.  We have the right to approve or disapprove any increase or 
decrease to the cooperative contribution, the advertising agencies that work on behalf of the 
cooperative advertising and promotional programs. 
We may form, change, merge or dissolve any cooperatives or regional advertising groups 
and must approve all governing documents and all activities and advertising of any cooperative.  
All cooperatives will report to us in the manner required by the Franchise Agreement. 
3. 
Periodically provide refresher training programs, seminars or regional meetings.  
We may require that you or your managers attend and complete them to our satisfaction.  These 
training programs, seminars and regional meetings will be held at locations we designate and will 
be provided at no cost to you for the training, but you will be exclusively responsible for paying 
all travel, accommodations, meals and other expenses and compensation of attending these 
programs and seminars.  (See FA, Section 2.4.) 
4. 
Hold a convention (“Franchise Convention”) or regional meetings periodically 
for the franchisees that make up our franchise system.  (See FA, Section 6.19.) 
Each Franchise Convention may be held at a different location.  The Franchise Convention 
may include programs on sales and marketing techniques, performance specifications, advertising 
programs, and training suggestions.  Your attendance at each convention is strongly encouraged.  
You will bear all expenses of attending, including travel, accommodations, meals, entertainment 
and other expenses.  We may charge you a fee to attend the Franchise Convention.  For any 
Franchise Convention that you do not attend, we may deliver to you and you will pay us for audio 
or video recordings and written summaries of the activities of convention.  The price for the audio 
and video recordings and written summaries for each annual convention will be established by us 
periodically but will not be more than $500.  (See ITEM 6.) 
5. 
Access your business, computer systems, and point-of-sale data to verify and secure 
your compliance with your obligations.  (See FA, Sections 6.5 and 6.9.) 
6. 
Periodically inspect the facilities of your manufacturers, contractors, suppliers, and 
distributors and notify you and the manufacturers, contractors, suppliers, and distributors in writing 
of any failure to meet our specifications and standards.  (See FA, Section 6.10.)  
7. 
Periodically send to you updates to the Operations Manual, methods of operation, 
promotional materials and bulletins on developments, new sales and marketing techniques, and 
products, which you must adhere to and follow.  (See FA, Section 6.14.) 
