© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
50 
October 2025 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Summary 
computer systems, books, records and accounts, abide by 
post-termination, confidentiality, noncompetition and 
indemnity provisions.  At our option, assign your lease and 
sell all franchise-related equipment, furnishings, and 
inventory to us as described in paragraph o. below.  
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
None  
There are no restrictions on our right to transfer. 
k. “Transfer” by you 
Section 8.1  
Restrictions apply if you sell, transfer, assign, encumber, 
give, lease, or sublease (collectively called “transfer”) the 
whole or any part of: the Franchise Agreement, substantial 
assets of the Franchised Store, or ownership or control of 
you.  
l. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
Section 8.1  
We have the right to approve all transfers.  
m. Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Section 8.1  
If you use the services of a broker, you provide us a copy of 
the listing agreement, price and broker information; you 
submit a written request to transfer at least 30 days in 
advance; you provide a copy of the purchase agreement and 
the purchase price must not exceed fair market value by 
more than 20 percent; the transferee must qualify as a 
franchisee and assume your obligations; you must prove you 
have paid all your debts, you cannot be in default; the 
transferee must successfully complete the mandatory 
training and pay the then-current training fee; you or 
transferee must pay Transfer Fee; the transferee must sign a 
new Franchise Agreement on our then-current terms; the 
Franchised Store is refurbished and upgraded; you must 
release us; you must submit to us satisfactory evidence of 
the consent of lenders, lessors, and governmental authorities 
of permits and licenses; and you comply with all other 
conditions we required as specified in the Franchise 
Agreement, Operations Manual or otherwise in writing.  
n. Our right of first 
refusal to acquire your 
business 
Section 8.1  
If you receive an offer, you must notify us within 7 days.  
We have the right to purchase using our standard form of 
purchase and sale agreement on the same terms and 
conditions by notifying you within 21 days.  
o. Our option to 
purchase your 
business 
Section 7.3  
Upon termination we may require you to sell your 
equipment, furnishings, and inventory to us, at the 
depreciated book value (straight-line depreciation over five 
years) for equipment and furnishings and at your invoice 
cost for inventory.  We will not be liable for payment to you 
for intangibles, including goodwill, and may set off any 
amounts owed to us by you. 
Upon expiration we may require you to sell your equipment, 
furnishings, and inventory to us, at the fair market value.  
We will not be liable for payment to you for intangibles, 
including goodwill, and may set off any amounts owed to us 
by you.  
