© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
16 
October 2025 
State of Virginia Determination; Case No. SEC-2012-00027  
In February 2012, the Division of Securities and Retail Franchising of the State 
Corporation Commission (the "Commission") alleged that during 2009 Triune, LLC (“Triune”) 
(i) offered or sold franchises in Virginia in 2009 that were not registered under the Virginia Retail 
Franchising Act (the “Virginia Act”); (ii) offered or sold franchises in Virginia without disclosing 
that it was not registered to do so; (iii) failed to provide material information regarding the parent 
company’s unfavorable financial condition and the potential impact that it could have on Triune 
as stated in a going concern note in its 2008 financial statements from its auditors; and (iv) failed 
to provide a prospective franchisee with a copy of its Franchise Disclosure Document as required 
by rule or order of the Commission at least 14 calendar days before the prospective franchisee 
signed a binding agreement or made any payment to it in connection with the sale or offer to sell 
a franchise in Virginia. Without admitting or denying the allegations, on November 26, 2012, 
Triune voluntarily entered into a Settlement Order with the Commission and agreed to (i) not 
violate the Virginia Act in the future; (ii) pay Virginia the sum of $25,000 as a penalty and the sum 
of $5,000 to defray the Commission’s costs of investigation; (iii) offer certain Virginia franchisees 
a refund of their initial franchise fees; and (iv) send a copy of the Settlement Order to certain 
Virginia franchisees. 
New York Department of Law  
In May 1992, Blimpie Associates, Ltd. and Joseph Dornbush (formerly the President of 
Blimpie) (collectively “Respondents”), responded to a claim by the New York Department of Law 
that it had sold franchises during a period of time when Blimpie’s prospectus had not been updated 
by amendment.  Without the admission of any wrongdoing, Respondents consented to the entry of 
an order in which Respondents agreed to (i) entry of a judgment enjoining them from further 
violations of the New York Franchise Sales Act, and (ii) pay the sum of $18,000 to the State of 
New York as an additional allowance.  Respondents paid the $18,000 in May 1992 and executed the 
consent judgment on August 25, 1992.   
In the Matter of Maui Wowi Franchising, Inc., Before the Securities Commissioner of Maryland 
(Case No. 2005-0651) 
On November 11, 2005, Maui Wowi Franchising, Inc. (“MWF”), the predecessor franchisor 
of the Maui Wowi brand entered into a Consent Order with the Securities Commissioner of 
Maryland (“Commissioner”) resulting from MWF inadvertently entering into four franchise 
agreements with Maryland residents (“Maryland Franchisees”) after its registration in Maryland 
expired on June 9, 2004.  The Consent Order required MWF to (i) cease and desist from the offer 
and sale of unregistered franchises in Maryland; (ii) diligently pursue the completion of its then 
pending application to register its Offering Circular in Maryland; (iii) develop and implement new 
franchise law compliance procedures to ensure future compliance with the registration and 
disclosure provisions of Maryland Franchise Law; and (iv) enroll an officer and a franchise 
compliance person in a franchise law compliance training program.  Upon notification by the 
Commissioner, MWF sent to the Maryland Franchisees the registered Offering Circular, a copy of 
the Consent Order, and a letter notifying the Maryland Franchisees that they could rescind their 
franchise agreements.  At this time, MWF is in full compliance with the Consent Order. 
