 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
25 
October 2025 
(e) 
At least 60 days before the expiration date, you or your designated manager 
will attend and successfully complete any training program we prescribe.  This will be done at 
your expense, including travel, meals, accommodations, and other expenses and our then-current 
training fee, if any. 
If we decide not to continue your franchise rights to operate the Franchised Business, we will give 
you written notice of our intent not to continue within 60 days after receiving your written request 
to continue operating.  We may extend the term of the franchise for a limited period in order to 
satisfy this notice requirement, or any other notice requirement under applicable law. 
7.2 
Termination by Us.  We may terminate this Agreement and any other related 
agreements between the parties for “good cause” if you default under the terms of this Agreement 
and do not cure the default within the applicable cure period provided below, unless this 
Agreement specifies that no cure period shall apply.  Termination will occur immediately upon 
delivery to you of our written declaration of termination for failure to cure within the allowed time 
frame.   
(a) 
Thirty-Day Cure Period.  Without limitation we may terminate this 
Agreement if you default under the terms of this Agreement and do not cure the default within 
30 days after receipt of our written notice to cure, if you:   
(i) 
Fail to begin full and continuous operation of the Franchised Business 
within one year after the Effective Date of signing this Agreement; or 
(ii) 
Breach or violate this Agreement, or any other agreement between you 
and us or our affiliates, except as otherwise set forth herein; or 
(iii) 
Fail to operate in accordance with the Manual in any way other than 
those described in sections (b) and (c) immediately below. 
(b) 
Ten-Day Cure Period.  We may terminate this Agreement if you fail to pay 
any amounts required to be paid under this Agreement and do not cure the default within ten days 
after receipt of our written notice to cure.  We may also terminate this Agreement if you close your 
account or place or cause a “stop payment” instruction with your bank that restricts our ability to 
electronically withdraw amounts required to be paid to us or our affiliates from your franchise 
bank account and you fail to open a new account or remove such “stop payment” instruction within 
ten days after receipt of our written notice to cure.   
(c) 
Twenty-Four Hour Cure Period.  We may give you 24 hours’ written notice 
to cure any default under this Agreement that creates an unsafe, unhealthy, unclean, or unsanitary 
condition at the Franchised Location or in connection with any product sold or delivered to 
consumers by the Franchised Business.  We may terminate this Agreement if you fail to cure any 
such defaults within the 24-hour cure period.  In addition, if you have not cured a default within 
the 24-hour cure period, we have the right to enter your Franchised Business and cause the 
conditions therein to be corrected without being guilty of or liable for trespass or tort, at your 
expense, and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have available to us, 
including the right to terminate this Agreement. 
