© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
15 
October 2025 
LITIGATION INVOLVING MTY USA, AFFILIATES AND THEIR PREDECESSORS 
Purav Enterprises, LLC, Balwant Bahia, and Paramjit Samra v. The Extreme Pita Franchising 
USA, Inc., EP Development, Inc., and Feisal Ramjee (Superior Court of the State of Washington 
for King County, Case No. 15-2-15120-7)  
On June 22, 2015, Purav Enterprises, LLC, Balwant Bahia, and Paramjit Samra 
(collectively “Plaintiffs”), filed a complaint against The Extreme Pita Franchising USA, Inc., EP 
Development, Inc. and Feisal Ramjee (collectively “Defendants”).  Plaintiffs alleged (i) violations 
under the Franchise Investment Protection Act in the State of Washington (“FIPA”); 
(ii) misrepresentation by the Area Developer of the financial performance of the franchise, 
omissions of mandatory and material information and inherently misleading information that were 
material factors in the Plaintiff’s purchase of the franchise; and (iii) the Area Developer was not a 
registered broker in the State of Washington.  Plaintiffs sought: (i) rescission of the franchise 
agreement, the corresponding personal guarantee and related agreements; (ii) treble damages 
under FIPA; and (iii) costs and attorney’s fees.  The parties entered into a settlement agreement on 
March 11, 2016, in which Defendants paid Plaintiffs the sum of $20,000.  The matter was 
dismissed on March 16, 2016. 
PUBLIC AGENCY ACTIONS AGAINST  
MTY USA, AFFILIATES AND THEIR PREDECESSORS  
State of Maryland Determination (Case No. 2012-0073)  
In February 2012, the State of Maryland alleged that during the period January 1, 2009 to 
November 26, 2009 Triune, LLC (“Triune”) (i) did not retain signed acknowledgements of receipt 
reflecting the dates that its Franchise Disclosure Document was delivered to certain Maryland 
residents and non-residents; (ii) sold franchises to certain Maryland residents and non-residents 
without providing them with a copy of a 2009 Franchise Disclosure Document; (iii) sold franchises 
to certain Maryland residents and non-residents without providing them with a copy of a 2009 
Franchise Disclosure Document that contained its 2008 financial statements with a going concern 
note from its auditors resulting from the unfavorable financial condition of its parent company; 
and (iv) sold franchises to certain Maryland residents and non-residents without including, or 
abiding with, a deferral condition in their franchise agreements that was imposed upon it by the 
State of Maryland, all as required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law (the 
“Maryland Law”) and in violation of the Maryland Law. Without admitting or denying the 
allegations, in September 2012, Triune voluntarily entered into a Consent Order with the Office of 
the Attorney General of Maryland and agreed to: (i) not violate the Maryland Law in the future, 
(ii) pay the Office of the Attorney General the sum of $50,000 as a civil penalty, (iii) retain copies 
of all acknowledgments of receipt confirming dates that prospective Maryland franchisees 
received any Maryland Franchise Disclosure Documents, (iv) comply with the disclosure and 
antifraud provisions of the Maryland Franchise Law and the record keeping and escrow 
requirements of the Code of Maryland Regulations; and (v) send a copy of the Consent Order to 
certain Maryland franchisees. 
