MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 17  
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Contingencies (continued) 
Contingent liabilities acquired in a business combination 
Contingent liabilities acquired in a business combination are initially measured at fair value at the 
acquisition date. At the end of subsequent reporting periods, such contingent liabilities are 
measured at the higher of the amount that would be recognized, and the amount initially 
recognized less cumulative amortization recognized, if any. 
Financial instruments 
The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, loans 
receivable, receivable from company under common control, receivable from ultimate parent, 
accounts payable, accrued liabilities, promotional funds payable, advance from parent company, 
advances from companies under common control, long-term loan from company under common 
control and holdbacks payable. Unless otherwise noted, it is management’s opinion that the 
Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial 
instruments. The fair values for cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, loans receivable, 
receivable from company under common control, receivable from ultimate parent, accounts payable, 
accrued liabilities, promotional funds payable, advance from parent company and advances from 
companies under common control approximate their carrying values due to their immediate or short-
term maturities, unless otherwise noted. The long-term loan from company under common control, 
advances from ultimate parent and holdbacks payable are measured at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method. 
Promotional funds 
Pursuant to the franchise agreements, franchisees must pay a fee to the promotional funds. These 
amounts are collected by the Company in its capacity as agent and must be used for promotional 
and advertising purposes, since the amounts are set aside to promote the respective banners for the 
franchisees’ benefit. The promotional funds collected, and the related expenditures are reported on 
a gross basis in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. To the extent 
that promotional funds received exceed the related promotional expenditures, the excess 
contributions will be recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities. 
Cash held pursuant to the promotional funds received are classified as unrestricted cash as there 
are no legal restrictions on the use of these funds; however, the Company intends to use these funds 
solely to support the promotional funds rather than to fund its ongoing operations. As at November 
30, 2022, promotional funds were in a net liability position amounting to $13,278 (2021 – net liability 
position of $14,603; 2020 – net liability position of $9,559). 
Subsequent events 
Subsequent events were evaluated through the date that the consolidated financial statements were 
issued, which was February 6, 2023. 
