 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
40 
October 2025 
relating to or arising out of this Agreement or our relationship by negotiation.  Any dispute subject 
to negotiation, and not resolved within ten days, must be submitted to nonbinding mediation before 
commencing further dispute resolution.  Mediation will be before a single skilled independent 
mediator mutually and reasonably agreed on by the parties.  The parties will equally bear the costs 
of mediation.  Mediation will be conducted in accordance with the procedures of United States 
Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (USA&M) at the option of the party initiating mediation 
or other mediation service agreed to by you and us.  The mediation will be conducted in the city 
in which USA&M has an office nearest our support center at the time the dispute arises, unless 
otherwise mutually agreed.  This dispute resolution clause shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement.  This clause shall not apply to prevent the immediate filing of any 
suit to recover Royalty Fees or Brand Marketing Fees owed under this Agreement, or any suit 
seeking preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable relief, 
or any action at law for damage to our property interests or in equity to enjoin any harm to our 
goodwill, Marks, or our intangible property. 
10.11 Waiver of Rights.  THE PARTIES HERETO AND EACH OF THEM 
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY AGREE AS FOLLOWS: 
(a) 
The parties hereto and each of them EXPRESSLY WAIVE(S) THE RIGHT 
THAT ANY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
(b) 
The parties hereto and each of them EXPRESSLY WAIVE(S) ANY CLAIM 
FOR PUNITIVE, MULTIPLE, CONSEQUENTIAL AND/OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, 
except that we shall be free to bring an action for willful trademark infringement and, if successful, 
to receive an award of multiple damages as permitted by law.  The parties further agree that if this 
waiver is unenforceable under applicable law, then any recovery by any party in any forum shall 
not exceed two times actual damages, except for an award of multiple damages to us for willful 
trademark infringement. 
(c) 
No party shall initiate or participate in any class action litigation claim against 
any other party bound hereby. 
10.12 Enforcement, Costs and Venue. 
(a) 
You must pay all our damages, including but not limited to expenses, audit, 
investigation, and experts’ costs; collection costs; attorneys’ fees and costs; interest on unpaid 
balances as permitted by law; and all other damages and remedies applicable under the law, 
resulting from your default under this Agreement or from the indemnification provisions of this 
Agreement, or incurred in our enforcement of this Agreement. 
(b) 
In specific consideration for the use of the Marks, the exclusive venue and 
forum of dispute resolution will be in the applicable federal or state court for the judicial district 
in which Papa Murphy’s International LLC has its principal place of business at the time the action 
is commenced.  The parties waive all issues of personal jurisdiction or venue for the purpose of 
enforcing this Section.  
