MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 14  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Assets held for sale 
Assets are classified as held for sale when management with the appropriate authority commits to a 
plan to sell the assets, the assets are available for immediate sale, the assets are actively marketed 
at a reasonable price, the sale is probable within a year, and certain other criteria met. Assets held 
for sale consist primarily of Company-owned stores where the Company has committed to a plan to 
sell specific stores. Assets designated as held for sale are held at the lower of the net book value or 
fair value less costs to sell. Depreciation is not charged against property, plant and equipment 
classified as assets held for sale. 
Property, plant and equipment 
Land and buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative 
purposes, are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at their historical costs less accumulated 
depreciation (buildings) and accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes expenditures that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset, including any costs directly attributable to bringing 
the asset to a working condition for its intended use. 
Equipment, leasehold improvements, rolling stock and computer hardware are stated at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values 
over their useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and 
depreciation methods are reviewed at the end of each year, with the effect of any changes in estimate 
accounted for on a prospective basis. 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic 
benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the 
disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference 
between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss. 
Depreciation is based on the following terms: 
Buildings 
Straight-line 
25 to 50 years 
Equipment 
Straight-line 
Three to 10 years 
Leasehold improvements  
Straight-line 
Term of the lease 
Rolling stock 
Straight-line 
Five to seven years  
Computer hardware 
Straight-line 
Three to seven years
Intangible assets 
Intangible assets acquired separately 
Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less 
accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if applicable. Amortization is 
recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives 
and amortization methods are reviewed at the end of each year, with the effect of any changes in 
estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives 
that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if applicable. 
