© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
43 
October 2025 
8. 
Require you to install and use a computer system and a single-purposed point-of-
sale and back office system supplied by one or more vendors approved by us (“PMI Enterprise 
Solution”).  We recommend your back office system include accounting, cash control, labor 
management, inventory control, sales terminals and various other capabilities or technologies.  We 
may require you to augment the PMI Enterprise Solution with additional capabilities and 
technologies in the future.  You must lease, purchase or otherwise acquire, at your expense, from 
our approved vendors, hardware, software and services with the appropriate configurations as 
determined by us based on projected volume and other factors.  You must have and utilize an 
Internet firewall provided by a managed security partner approved by us.  Each server and terminal 
must have the most current versions of approved software.  Each server and terminal must have 
the most current version of anti-virus software that is approved by us and the subscription must be 
kept current.  You must have a business-class high speed Internet connection (digital subscriber 
line (DSL) or cable) from an approved vendor, installed, to operate the point-of-sale system and 
allow for updates and third party remote support.  (See FA, Section 6.9.)  You must have credit 
card, gift card and electronic benefit transfer card accounts from an approved vendor, set up at our 
direction on your behalf to operate via the point-of-sale system.  The charges associated with credit 
card and gift card transactions are compiled per transaction and therefore will vary. We estimate 
that the costs associated with credit card transactions will be between 1% and 4% of your Net 
Sales.  Gift card transactions will cost you between 6.06% and 13.63% of the gift card redemption, 
and may be increased at any time upon 30 days’ prior written notice.  Your total initial purchase, 
installation and training costs for the PMI Enterprise Solution will range from $21,000 for a 
minimally configured system to $24,000 for a five-terminal system.  This amount is included in 
the Opening Package. You may be required to upgrade, replace or modify the PMI Enterprise 
Solution by purchasing the necessary equipment and paying the cost of installation and set-up fees 
and license fees.  There are no contractual limits on the frequency and cost of this obligation.  We 
or our agents may enter your business or enter through a remote connection, manually or via 
automated polling, and have access to the computer system to collect, store, utilize, and 
disseminate the data and all information captured by the computer system or point-of-sale system, 
along with any reports and records, to examine or audit your business, at any reasonable time 
without notice and without limitation.  We are the sole owner of guest data and all related 
information collected through the point-of-sale system and your use of such information is solely 
pursuant to a license as granted pursuant to the Franchise Agreement. 
We require help desk support from our Store Solutions team currently at a cost of $615 per 
year.  We require software maintenance for all Franchised Stores currently at an annual cost of 
$430 per year.  We also require site hosting, anti-virus and additional services for all Franchised 
Stores at an annual combined cost currently of $630 per store.  We strongly recommend hardware 
maintenance on point-of-sale terminal and the back of house.  You will have and provide to us an 
email address that you must access pursuant to the Operations Manual.   
If you purchase an existing Store, you may be required to upgrade or replace the point-of-
sale system by purchasing the necessary equipment and paying the cost of installation and set-up 
fees.  Currently, the estimated cost is between $1,275 for a minimally configured to $6,200 for a 
five-terminal system.  These amounts may change.   
Computer systems are vulnerable in varying degrees to hardware and software failures, 
configuration-related problems, computer viruses, bugs, power disruptions, communication line 
