Exhibit F – State Law Addenda 
7 
October 2025 
RHODE ISLAND 
To the extent required by Rhode Island law, the Franchise Disclosure Document or 
Franchise Agreement are amended as follows:   
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that a 
“provision in the franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside of the 
state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void respecting a claim otherwise 
enforceable under this Act.” 
VIRGINIA 
To the extent required by Virginia law, the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement are amended as follows: 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or termination 
stated in the franchise agreement and/or area development agreement do not constitute “reasonable 
cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or laws of Virginia, that 
provision may not be enforceable.   
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
WASHINGTON 
To the extent required by Washington law, the Franchise Disclosure Document or 
Franchise Agreement are amended as follows: 
1. 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.   
2. 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with 
the franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also 
be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
3. 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the 
arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed 
upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at 
the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise 
agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the 
sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in 
Washington. 
