© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
8 
October 2025 
offered; training and assistance; and marketing, advertising and promotional programs, all of 
which we may change, supplement, and further develop. 
Papa Murphy’s exists to enrich the everyday with unconventional moments of happiness 
not only because our take ‘n’ bake pizzas are made-to-order daily using only the freshest, 
wholesome ingredients but by providing exceptional service. 
Papa Murphy’s offers guests a convenient, unparalleled experience for creating the best at-
home meal experience.  Along with fresh pizzas, Papa Murphy’s offers hand-crafted salads, sides, 
and desserts to complete the meal.   
The Papa Murphy’s Concept 
The Papa Murphy’s experience is different from traditional pizza restaurants.  Papa 
Murphy’s guests: 
•  CREATE their fresh, personally customized pizza with high-quality ingredients; 
•  TAKE their fresh pizza home; and  
•  BAKE their pizza fresh in their ovens, at their convenience, for a home-cooked meal 
served hot. 
Papa Murphy’s was founded on the core values of “Great Quality, Great Value, and Great 
Guest Service” and we strive to deliver on these values every day. 
•  Great Quality:  We have continually focused on quality since our founding and we 
believe guests can taste the difference.  Unlike some of our competitors, we do not use 
pre-shredded or pre-packaged cheese and our dough is made from scratch daily, never 
frozen. 
•  Great Value:  We offer a high-quality pizza at a value price point. 
•  Great Guest Service:  We train our store crews to greet each guest, to promote the latest 
new products and to assist each guest in choosing the combination of fresh made pizzas 
and side items to complete their meal. 
Papa Murphy’s guests are the general public, however, we actively target solving the 
“dinnertime dilemma” by providing a scratch-made, customized, home-baked meal.  The Papa 
Murphy’s concept has broad appeal and is focused on freshness, quality and convenience.  Papa 
Murphy’s Stores:  
•  Make fresh dough in each store daily, starting with flour, water and yeast; 
•  Grate cheese daily from blocks of 100% whole-milk mozzarella cheese; 
•  Slice fresh, never frozen, vegetables by hand; 
•  Feature specialty, premium ingredients; 
•  Use only high-quality meats with no added fillers; and 
