© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
1 
October 2025 
ITEM 1   
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENT, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “we,” “us” or “Papa Murphy’s” 
means Papa Murphy’s International LLC, the franchisor.  “You” or “your” means the person or 
legal entity that buys the franchise.  “Papa Murphy’s Stores” means all stores operating under the 
Papa Murphy’s registered trademark.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company or other legal entity, “you” or “your” also includes the franchisee’s owners. 
The Franchisor 
Papa Murphy’s International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, formerly known 
as Papa Murphy’s International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is the franchisor and was 
incorporated in June 2004 and converted to a Delaware limited liability company in May 2010.  
Our principal business address is 8000 NE Parkway Drive, Suite 100, Vancouver, Washington 
98662.  We do business under the name “Papa Murphy’s,” “Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake,” and 
“Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza.”  The name and address of our agent for service of process 
in your state is in Exhibit A.   
At the end of our last fiscal year, on December 2, 2024, there were 1,079 Papa Murphy’s 
Stores operating.  In the United States there were 1,001 Franchised Stores and 43 company 
operated stores.  See ITEM 20, Table 3 for additional information on these numbers.  At the end 
of our 2024 fiscal year there were 35 stores operating in Canada and the United Arab Emirates.  
We do not conduct any business activity other than franchising Papa Murphy’s Stores and 
operating Papa Murphy’s Stores. 
Parent, Predecessors and Certain Affiliates 
We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Papa Murphy’s Company Stores, Inc., a Washington 
corporation.  Papa Murphy’s Company Stores, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Papa 
Murphy’s Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Papa Murphy’s Holdings”).   
On May 23, 2019, Papa Murphy’s Holdings merged with a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
MTY Food Group Inc., a publicly-traded Canadian corporation (“MTY Food Group”) with a 
principal business address of 8210, route Transcanadienne, Suite 200, Saint-Laurent, Québec, H4S 
1M5, Canada.  MTY Franchising USA, Inc. (“MTY USA”) is now the parent company of Papa 
Murphy’s Holdings and its principal business address is 9311 E. Via De Ventura, Scottsdale, 
Arizona 85258.  MTY USA’s parent corporation is MTY Franchising Inc. (“MTY Canada”), a 
Canada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of MTY Food Group, formerly known as 
MTY Tiki Ming Enterprises Inc., and incorporated on February 13, 1979.  MTY Canada’s 
principal business address is 8210, route Transcanadienne, Suite 200, Saint-Laurent, Québec, H4S 
1M5, Canada. 
MTY Food Group, or one or more of its subsidiaries, franchises over 50 different restaurant 
concepts under the following trademarks in Canada and the United States: Allô Mon Coco, Bâton 
Rouge, Ben & Florentine, Big Smoke Burger, Café Depot, Cakes N Shakes by La Dip, Casa 
Greque, Country Style, Cultures, Dagwoods, Extreme Pita, Giorgio, Jugo Juice, Kim Chi, Koryo, 
Koya, Kuto Comptoir À Tartares, La Crémière, La Diperie, Madisons, Manchu Wok, 
