MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 16  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Impairment of goodwill 
For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the unit or group of units (“reporting 
unit”) that are considered to represent the lowest level within the group at which the goodwill is 
monitored for internal management purposes. As at November 30, 2022, goodwill is allocated as 
follows: 
Reporting unit description 
US excluding Papa Murphy’s and 
BBQ Holdings 
A group of units comprised of acquired brands in the US, 
excluding the Papa Murphy’s (“Papa Murphy’s”) and BBQ 
Holdings, Inc. (“BBQ Holdings”) brands 
Papa Murphy’s 
One unit comprised of the Papa Murphy’s brand 
BBQ Holdings 
A group of units comprised of the BBQ Holdings brands 
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis (August 31 for the Company) and between 
annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the 
fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Fair value is determined using a discounted 
cash flow methodology with a risk adjusted weighted average cost of capital. 
Cash and restricted cash 
Cash and restricted cash include cash on hand and short-term investments, if any, with maturities 
upon acquisition of generally three months or less or that are redeemable at any time at full value 
and for which the risk of a change in value is not significant. As at November 30, 2022, cash and 
restricted cash included $504 of restricted cash (2021 and 2020 – $361) that is required as part of 
guarantees on certain lease commitments. 
Inventories 
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and market value. Costs of inventories are determined 
on a first-in-first-out basis and include acquisition costs and other costs incurred to bring inventories 
to their present location and condition. 
Market value represents the current replacement cost, provided that the cost does not exceed the 
net realizable value or is not less than the net realizable value reduced by a normal profit margin. 
Contingencies 
Litigation, disputes and closed stores 
Provisions for the expected cost of litigation, disputes and the cost of settling leases for closed 
stores, with the exception of operating lease liabilities already recorded pursuant to ASC 842, are 
recognized when it becomes probable the Company will be required to settle the obligation, at 
management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Company’s obligation. 
