© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
48 
October 2025 
Information disclosed to you and your employees concerning the development and 
operation of the Franchised Store includes valuable proprietary information and trade secrets, is 
considered our property and may be used by you only as provided in the Franchise Agreement.  
You may not use our confidential information in any unauthorized manner and must act reasonably 
to prevent its disclosure to others.  You must contact us immediately if you learn of any 
unauthorized use of our proprietary information. You must also agree not to contest our rights to 
and interest in our copyrights and other proprietary information.  You must notify us immediately 
of any claim, demand or suit involving your use of the proprietary information, and of any 
unauthorized or improper use or infringement of our rights relating to the proprietary information. 
We will decide to take action or not take action, as we deem appropriate.  You may not use the 
proprietary information in any manner that we have not authorized in writing.   
ITEM 15   
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You, or your approved operations personnel, must personally oversee and manage the 
actual day-to-day operation of your Franchised Store, except as we may agree in writing for good 
cause.  If you own more than one Franchised Store, you must actively participate in the 
management and operation of each of the Franchised Stores owned by you.  In addition, we may 
impose a requirement that includes requiring Certified Managers at each location and providing 
equity ownership, or similar incentives, to store operating personnel as a condition to granting you 
additional franchises.  Such specific requirements will become part of your Franchise Agreement.  
Managers you employ to help you operate the Franchised Store must successfully complete the 
mandatory training program described in ITEM 11.  All of your owners must agree to be bound 
by the confidentiality and noncompetition provisions of the Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 16   
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You may sell, serve or distribute only those Papa Murphy’s products, services and other 
items at the Franchised Store, which we have approved.  You must offer all Papa Murphy’s 
products, services and other items that we designate as required by our franchisees.  You must 
make all menu items in strict compliance with our specifications, recipes and requirements.   
You may not, without our written consent, sell, serve, dispense or otherwise provide our 
products bearing our trademarks, trade names or service marks, except by retail sales in or 
delivered from the Franchised Store.  Currently, you may not sell ready-to-eat baked products 
except as specified in the Operations Manual.  We have the right to change the type of authorized 
Papa Murphy’s products, services and other items and there are no limits on our right to make 
changes. 
ITEM 17   
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements.  You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure 
