© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
51 
October 2025 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Summary 
p. Your death or 
disability 
Section 8.2  
Within 180 days, your heirs, beneficiaries, devisees or legal 
representatives may apply to (i) continue to operate the 
franchise, or (ii) transfer your franchise interest, as 
described in paragraph m. above.  
q. Noncompetition 
covenants during the 
term of the franchise 
Section 6.16  
You may not engage in or have an interest in any business 
that is engaged in the wholesale or retail sale of pizza or 
other products served by the Franchised Store. 
r. Noncompetition 
covenants after the 
franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Section 6.16   
Same as above, noncompetition covenant applies within a 
25-mile radius of your Franchised Store and continues for 
two years after termination or expiration of franchise. 
s. Modification of the 
agreement 
Sections 6.14 and 
10.8  
We may modify the Operations Manual.  Modifications to 
the FA must be in writing and signed by an authorized 
person from each of the parties. 
t. Integration/merger 
clause 
Sections 1.5, 
10.7(c), 10.9  
Only terms of Agreements and Operations Manual are 
binding.  Any other promises may not be enforceable. 
Nothing in the Agreement or in any related agreement is 
intended to disclaim the representations made in the 
Disclosure Document. 
u. Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation 
Section 10.10  
Except for certain claims for immediate relief, all disputes 
must be first negotiated then subject to non-binding 
mediation in the city that United States Arbitration and 
Mediation Service, Inc. has an office nearest our Support 
Center, unless otherwise mutually agreed. 
v. Choice of forum 
Section 10.12  
Except for certain claims for extraordinary relief, dispute 
resolution will be in the applicable federal or state court for 
the judicial district in which we have our principal place of 
business at the time the action is commenced, except as 
stated in State Addenda to this Disclosure Document. 
w. Choice of law 
Section 10.7  
Washington law applies to the contract, except to the extent 
governed by the United States Trademark Act, and except to 
the extent modified by the State Addenda to this Disclosure 
Document. 
 
ITEM 18   
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not currently use any public figure to promote the sale of franchises, but we reserve 
the right to do so in the future. 
ITEM 19   
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to disclose information about the actual or 
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets if there is a 
reasonable basis for the information and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document.  
