 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
9 
October 2025 
(b) 
If you are an existing franchise owner, you will pay us a nonrefundable 
Subsequent Franchise Fee (“Subsequent Franchise Fee”) upon the signing of this Agreement of 
$15,000. 
4.2 
Royalty Fee.  Beginning on the Commencement Date, you will pay to us a royalty 
fee equal to 5 percent of your Net Sales (“Royalty Fee”), which will be reported and paid to us as 
provided in this Agreement. 
4.3 
Online or Digital Ordering Transaction Fee.  You will participate in online ordering 
and delivery and pay us our then-current fee for each transaction effected through any online or 
digital ordering system that we designate or any successor, derivative or replacement technology, 
which fee may reimburse us for costs associated with the ordering system or technology, but which 
may also be used for other purposes and from which we may derive revenue.  We may periodically 
increase this fee, upon 30 days’ prior notice to you, by up to five percent (5%) per 12-month period.   
4.4 
Gift Card Redemption Fee.  You must pay us a gift card redemption fee which fee 
may reimburse us for costs associated with gift cards, including but not limited to production costs, 
processing costs and commissions to third party vendors.  The starting range for this fee will be 
determined as of the Commencement Date of this Agreement, provided that, upon 30 days’ prior 
written notice to you, this fee may be increased to cover increased and/or additional costs affecting 
the gift card program.  
4.5 
Document Administration Fee.  A document administration fee of Five Hundred 
Dollars ($500) is payable to us when we must prepare an amendment to your franchise documents. 
4.6 
Non-Participation Fee.  You must offer and sell at the Franchised Business all 
products designated by us, consistent with our Methods of Operation.  In addition, you must 
immediately incorporate into the Franchised Business all new products and services designated by 
us and must fully participate in all local, regional, seasonal, promotional and other programs, 
initiatives and campaigns adopted by us in which we require you to participate.  If you fail or 
refuse to fully participate in any such program, initiative or campaign, you may, in our sole 
discretion, be required to pay a non-participation fee of One Hundred Dollars ($100) per day that 
you are not in compliance. 
4.7 
Manner of Payment and Reports. 
(a) 
On Tuesday of each week, or such other time that we specify, you will deliver 
on such form and in the manner, including electronically, that we prescribe or we will collect via 
the point-of-sale system an itemized report of your Net Sales for the prior week just ended (or 
other period), and other statistics we specify.  Upon request, you will provide us with all hard 
copies and access to electronic reports that we prescribe, including a list of prices and products 
sold.  We reserve the right to electronically poll your point-of-sale and computer system at any 
time and to use the data we obtain from such polling for any legal purpose. 
(b) 
On or before Monday of each week, or such other time that we specify, you 
must make all payments to us by any method we specify, including electronic funds transfer or the 
Internet, for the sales week ending on the preceding Monday.  We currently require you to sign an 
