 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
23 
October 2025 
so as to be valid and enforceable, to provide coverage for the maximum geographic scope and 
duration that any court of competent jurisdiction will deem reasonable, necessary and equitable. 
(c) 
This covenant not to compete is given in part in consideration for training and 
access to our trade secrets, which, if used in a competitive business, would give you or others an 
unfair advantage. 
(d) 
At our request, we may require you to obtain the execution of covenants 
similar to those contained in this Section from all officers, directors, and holders of a beneficial 
interest in five percent (5%) or more of the securities issued by you, and of any legal entity directly 
or indirectly controlling you, if you are a corporation; from all members, if you are a limited 
liability company; and from all general partners, if you are a partnership.  Each covenant shall be 
in a form approved by us, and shall identify us as a third party beneficiary with the independent 
right to enforce the covenant. 
6.17 
Notice of Court or Government Action.  You will notify us in writing within 
15 days of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, or of the issuance of any order, 
writ, injunction, award or decree of any court, agency or government instrumentality, or of any 
other action of any kind, which may adversely affect your operation of or the financial condition 
of the Franchised Business.  
6.18 
Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws.  You and your owners must comply with 
and/or assist us to the fullest extent possible in our efforts to comply with Anti-Terrorism Laws 
(as defined below).  In connection with such compliance, you and each of your owners certify, 
represent and warrant that none of your or their property or interests is subject to being “blocked” 
under any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws and that you and each of your owners are not otherwise in 
violation of any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws.   
(a) 
You and each of your owners certify that none of you or them, your or their 
employees, or anyone associated with you or each of your owners is listed in the Annex to 
Executive Order 13224 (which can be accessed at https://www.treasury.gov/resource-
center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx).  You and each of your owners agrees not to hire 
(or, if already employed, retain the employment of) any individual who is listed in the Annex. 
(b) 
You and each of your owners certifies that you have no knowledge or 
information that, if generally known, would result in you, your owners, your or their employees, 
or anyone associated with you or each of your owners being listed in the Annex to Executive 
Order 13224. 
(c) 
You are solely responsible for determining what actions you must take to 
comply with the Anti-Terrorism Laws, and you specifically acknowledge and agree that your 
indemnification responsibilities set forth in this Agreement pertain to your obligations under this 
Section 6.18(a) through (e). 
(d) 
Any misrepresentation under this Section 6.18 or any violation of the 
Anti-Terrorism Laws by you, your owners, agents, or employees shall constitute grounds for 
