MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 13  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Leasing (continued) 
The Company enters into leases for franchised and corporately-owned locations, offices, and 
equipment in the normal course of business. 
The Company as lessee 
The Company recognizes operating lease liabilities with corresponding operating lease right-of-
use assets, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, which are expensed on 
a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company’s leases are all classified as operating 
leases. The amortization of the operating lease right-of-use asset and interest expense related to 
the operating lease liability are recorded together as the lease expense to produce a straight-line 
recognition effect in the consolidated statement of operations. Under ASC 842, operating lease 
right-of-use assets are tested for impairment in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and 
Equipment. 
The Company as lessor 
When the Company enters into a sublease arrangement as an intermediate lessor, the Company 
accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. All the subleases of the 
Company are classified as operating subleases by reference to the operating lease right-of-use 
asset arising from the underlying asset. For operating subleases, the Company recognizes an 
operating right-of-use asset relating to the head lease and recognizes a deferred rent asset or 
liability in the sublease. As the intermediate lessor, the Company retains the operating lease 
liability on the head lease in its consolidated balance sheet. During the term of the sublease, the 
Company recognizes both lease income on the sublease and lease expense on the head lease. 
Income taxes 
The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to ASC 740, Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). Deferred 
tax assets and liabilities are recorded for differences between the financial statement and tax basis 
of the assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on 
enacted tax laws and rates. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce 
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is recorded for the 
amount of income tax payable or refundable for the period increased or decreased by the change in 
deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. 
The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that 
the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax 
positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial 
statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon 
ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. 
Allowance for doubtful accounts 
The Company currently uses the simplified expected credit loss (“ECL”) model for its trade 
receivables, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables 
and also incorporates forward-looking information. Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result 
from all probable default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. 
