 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
30 
October 2025 
The amount of the Early Termination Damages is calculated as follows: 
(a) 
Compute the average monthly Royalty Fee and Brand Marketing Fee due for 
any consecutive twelve (12) month period within the forty-eight (48) months immediately 
preceding the date we receive notification of the closure, or if you failed to timely notify us of the 
closure then the date the Franchised Business closed, or, if the Franchised Business has been open 
for less than twelve (12) months, the average monthly Royalty Fee and Brand Marketing Fee due 
since the opening of the Franchised Business (“Monthly Average”); 
(b) 
Multiply the Monthly Average by the number of months remaining in the 
Term; and 
(c) 
Divide the resulting total computed in Section 7.6(b) above by two (2). 
For example purposes only:  If the average monthly Royalty Fee and Brand Marketing Fee 
were collectively $1,000 and there were five years (60 months) remaining in the Term, the 
Early Termination Damages would be $30,000, calculated as follows: $1,000 x 60 months 
= $60,000 ÷ 2 = $30,000. 
If you unilaterally terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Term, you must give us 
six months’ prior notice of the early termination (“Early Termination Notice”).  Within ten (10) 
days after our receipt of your Early Termination Notice, we will calculate the Early Termination 
Damages, which will be due and payable thirty (30) days prior to the closure of your Franchised 
Business.  In the event of a termination arising from or related to your default under this 
Agreement, or that you do not: (i) provide us with the Early Termination Notice at least six months’ 
prior to the early termination of your Franchised Business and this Agreement; (ii) remain open 
for at least six months’ after providing us with the Early Termination Notice; and (iii) pay the 
Early Termination Damages in full at least thirty (30) days prior to closing of the Franchised 
Business, the Early Termination Damages due may be increased as follows:  it will be calculated 
by multiplying the Monthly Average by the number of months remaining in the Term, and will not 
be divided by two (2). 
8. 
TRANSFER 
8.1 
Sale or Assignment by You.  
(a) 
Transfer.  You will not make a Transfer or make any lease or sublease of any 
property you are leasing in connection with the Franchised Business, without our prior written 
consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, provided all prerequisites to transfer are met.  
Any attempted Transfer of any interest in the Franchised Business without our prior written 
consent will be a default under the terms of this Agreement and will be void.  The following 
conditions must be met before a Transfer will be approved:   
(i) 
To the extent you execute a listing agreement with a broker for the 
Transfer of any interest in the Franchised Business, you will have provided us with a copy of the 
listing agreement, together with contact information for the broker and the listing price; 
