 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
18 
October 2025 
(d) 
We may offer help desk services to provide general assistance and support for 
your PMI Enterprise Solution (“Store Solutions Support”).  We may require you to utilize Store 
Solutions Support and to pay a monthly fee for such services. 
(e) 
We own and control the use of all Customer Data.  We grant you a license to 
collect and use the Customer Data during the term of this Agreement in compliance with the terms 
of the Manual, including any privacy policies or data protection policies we establish. 
6.10 
Approved Products.  
(a) 
Because the reputation of the Marks and the Franchised Business depends on 
a uniform high quality of products and services, you may sell only approved products and services, 
from specified or approved vendors.  You will sell, serve or distribute all products and services we 
require.  You must maintain, at all times, a sufficient supply of products to meet customer demand.  
You agree to request delivery of food products to the Franchised Business in a manner that is 
consistent with policies prescribed from time to time by us, including timing and frequency of 
deliveries. 
(b) 
If you want to purchase any product of an unapproved brand or from an 
unapproved supplier, you will notify us prior to use, and will pay us a processing fee and a 
reasonable testing fee as determined by us.  You will not use such product of an unapproved brand 
or unapproved supplier product until approved by us in writing.  We will, within a reasonable time, 
determine whether the unapproved brand or unapproved supplier has performance characteristics, 
quality, appearance, reliability and other relevant characteristics similar to the product brands and 
suppliers then approved by us.  If so, our approval will not be unreasonably withheld, unless we 
develop a specified vendor program for specific products or services, in which case you will use 
our specified vendor.  We reserve the right to impose reasonable limitations on the number of 
approved suppliers or distributors of any product as well as services to be used in the Franchised 
Business.  You agree that certain products, materials, services and other items may only be 
available from one source, and we or our affiliates may be that source.  You recognize that 
specified vendor programs may lower your or our costs or improve quality control.  You must 
obtain our written approval of your supply sources before their use.  We may require your suppliers 
to sign a nondisclosure agreement, hold harmless agreement, and an indemnity agreement to 
guarantee our level of quality, and produce sufficient samples or access to their facilities to allow 
us to test the samples at your expense. 
6.11 
Personal Participation.  You understand, acknowledge and agree that your personal 
supervision, full-time participation, and example are essential to the success of the Franchised 
Business.  You must participate personally in the Franchised Business, provided, if you are an 
entity who owns multiple stores, we may agree in writing that your stores be operated by a qualified 
manager.  If you own more than one Franchised Business, you or a designated operating partner 
must actively participate in the management and operation of each of the Franchised Businesses 
owned by you.   
