 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
2 
October 2025 
1.5 
“Methods of Operation” means, collectively, our valuable know-how, information, 
trade secrets, methods, standards, designs, usage of the Marks, copyrighted works, products and 
service sources and specifications, proprietary software, confidential electronic and other 
communications, methods of Internet usage, marketing programs, and research and development 
connected with the operation and promotion of the Franchised Business, as modified by us at any 
time.  All such modifications become our property. 
1.6 
“Multi-Area Marketing Programs and Promotions” means regional, national, or 
international programs designed to increase business or generate awareness and brand recognition 
for the System, including multi-area customer, regional customer, national customer, commercial 
customer, Internet, social media, event, yellow pages, directory, affinity, vendor, stored value 
cards, gift cards, and any other program offered or produced, and co-branding programs.   
1.7 
“Net Sales” means the gross amount, whether in money or other form of 
consideration, earned or received by you from any source in connection with the operation of the 
Franchised Business or with any similar or related activity, whether on or off your business 
premises, and whether for goods, services or promotions, excluding only sales tax receipts that 
you must by law collect from customers and that you actually pay to the government, and any 
customer refunds paid.  If you participate in certain online marketing programs in which a third 
party vendor accepts payment on your behalf in exchange for the sale of discount coupons, you 
must report Net Sales from such activity at the earlier of (a) the day a coupon is used to pay for 
goods or services from your Franchised Business, or (b) within 180 days of the day you receive 
cash payment from the third party vendor. 
1.8 
“Transfer” means to voluntarily or involuntarily transfer, assign, sell, or encumber 
any interest in or ownership or control of, the Franchised Business, substantial assets of the 
Franchised Business, this Agreement or any interest in the legal entity which owns the Franchised 
Business, including any change or series of changes in the percentage of the franchise owner entity 
which is owned, directly or indirectly, by any principal owner which results in any addition or 
deletion of any person or entity.   
2. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE; TRAINING 
2.1 
Grant of Franchise. 
(a) 
We grant to you a non-exclusive license to operate the Franchised Business 
at a specific location, using the Marks and Methods of Operation for ten years from the 
Commencement Date of this Agreement, unless terminated earlier under this Agreement.  The 
“Commencement Date” shall be the first date the franchise premises opens for business.  This 
grant is for your operation of one Papa Murphy’s Take ‘N’ Bake Pizza store at the location 
identified in Attachment A if such location has been identified at the time of execution of this 
Agreement.  If the location has not been identified at the time of execution of this Agreement, the 
general location in which the Franchised Business may be located is identified in Attachment A.  
You must obtain our prior written approval for the site of the franchise premises.  The 
Commencement Date and the specific address of the location will be confirmed in writing on or 
after commencement of the operations of the Franchised Business, the terms of which will be 
incorporated into this Agreement.   
