© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
25 
October 2025 
have no special voting power on any fees imposed by the local advertising cooperatives; 
we have only the voting power as is granted to any other franchisee in the cooperative. 
(6) 
We require you to reimburse us for the cost of such kits.  These marketing kits contain 
various items such as training guides, plan-o-grams and point of purchase materials.   
(7) 
We currently pay a portion of the monthly cost of the Customer Relations Management 
program from the Brand Marketing Fund.  We require you to reimburse us for the balance 
of the monthly cost, however, in the future we may require you to reimburse us or a vendor 
for the full amount.  
(8) 
We require you to participate in a systemwide loyalty program and to reimburse us for 
these fees, plus applicable taxes.  This amount is subject to change upon reasonable notice. 
(9) 
This fee is determined based on the type of gift card redemption (third party network 
partner, third party fundraising, business to business, or business to customer).  This fee 
may be increased upon 30 days’ prior written notice to cover the potential of future 
increased costs affecting the gift card program, such as increased production and shipping 
costs, processing costs and third party vendor commissions.   
(10) 
We require you to reimburse us for the use of a food service incident management tool to 
process, report and track food service incidents.  
(11) 
You must submit to us your weekly sales reports, income statements for each accounting 
period, including a year-to-date summary, and annual financial statements (income 
statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows) and tax returns or other reports in the 
form, manner and time that we determine.  We require you to retain a bookkeeping and 
payroll service that meets our criteria for the first year of operation of your Franchised 
Store.   
 
We or our representatives may audit your books, business records, sales reports, financial 
statements, and tax returns at any time.  You must bear the cost of providing copies of your 
books, records, and documents to us or our representatives.  Except for the cost of providing 
copies, the audits will be conducted at our expense, unless it is determined that you have 
understated your sales for any reported period or periods.  If you underreport Net Sales, 
you must pay us for unpaid Royalty Fee and Brand Marketing Fee payments and you must 
pay any local cooperative of which you are a member for unpaid contribution payments, 
including accrued interest at the rate of 18% per annum and you must also reimburse us for 
audit costs, including the charges of any independent accountant, as well as the travel 
expenses, room, board, and compensation of our employees or our representatives incurred 
in connection with the audit.  You also must pay any unpaid amounts owed due to the 
underreported Net Sales. You may also be subject to default pursuant to Section 7.2(d)(viii) 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
(12) 
If you purchase an existing Papa Murphy’s store, we, NCR or an approved third party will 
perform the steps necessary to transfer ownership of the NCR point-of-sale system to you 
(“Change of Ownership Service”) from the Store’s existing franchise owner.  Currently 
we are the only approved vendor.  The cost for us to perform the Change of Ownership 
