© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
41 
October 2025 
of local advertisements we approve.  You will only use the advertising materials that we provide 
or approve.  The Advertising Manual remains our property and must be returned to us upon the 
termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement for any reason.  You may not embark upon 
advertising in any media without our written approval of the media.  Electronic Communication 
Systems or “ECS” means any of one or more local or global interactive communications media 
that is now available, or that may become available, and includes the Internet, websites, domain 
names, social media, and any other existing or future form of electronic communication or 
commerce.  We may choose to direct or control use of social media sites and other forms of ECS.  
You may not use social media and other forms of ECS to promote your Franchise Business.  You 
will submit to us all advertising copy and other marketing and promotional materials before you 
use them in your local marketing program.  You may not use any advertising copy or other 
promotional material until we approve it.  If within ten days after submission, we have not advised 
you in writing that the material is approved, the material will be deemed disapproved by us for you 
to use. 
You must spend through us or at our direction up to $15,000 on marketing before opening 
and during the first 180 days you operate the Franchised Store. If we require you to enter into a 
Development Billing Agreement, we will spend this amount on your behalf.  We may require all 
or a portion of these funds to be paid into the Brand Marketing Fund for purposes of national 
media, digital marketing, or other marketing expenses.  We or our agent will provide an opening 
marketing plan for the Franchised Store and assist with the Franchised Store’s opening marketing.  
In addition, before opening the Franchised Store for business you may be required to obtain 
professional public relations assistance and advice to effectively execute the Franchised Store’s 
opening marketing plan. 
We may provide other supervision, assistance, or services, although the Franchise 
Agreement or other related agreements do not bind us to do so.  These may include marketing 
materials, literature, additional assistance in training, secret shopper programs, promotional 
materials, bulletins on new food products, merchandise, and new sales and marketing 
developments, techniques, frequency of purchase programs, point-of-purchase materials, gift cards 
or certificates and loyal guest programs. 
A Franchise Advisory Board (“FAB”) is utilized by us to gather input and advice from the 
franchise community on key initiatives and business issues.  The FAB serves in an advisory 
capacity only.  Members of the FAB are franchisees elected by the franchisee community or 
appointed by us.  We have the right to form, change or dissolve the FAB. 
You must participate in the multi-area marketing programs that we specify and we may 
specify maximum resale prices in connection with such programs.  For example, you must 
participate in periodic national or regional promotions, and purchase related marketing kits at a 
reasonable cost.  You must place and display our franchise sales brochures that we provide at our 
cost in your Franchised Store as directed by us.  We may reasonably designate local or regional 
advertising coverage areas to develop cooperative local or regional advertising and promotional 
programs.  You must participate in and contribute your share to the cooperative advertising and 
promotional programs in your Advertising Coverage Area (as defined below). 
