© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
29 
October 2025 
(2) 
This figure does not include any tenant improvement allowance received from your 
landlord or any free-standing buildings or exterior renovations.  The average cost for 
leasehold improvements in 2024 was $173 per square foot.  The costs vary widely by the 
condition of the space, the geography and the experience of the contractor and availability 
of labor and materials.  You may be required to select your general contractor from a list 
of vendors we have pre-approved.  Payments for the leasehold improvements are made to 
suppliers, not us.  The time and method of payment is determined by the contract between 
you and the supplier. 
(3) 
As further described in ITEM 5, if we require you to enter into a Development Billing 
Agreement with us, you will reimburse us for amounts we pay third party vendors for 
development, build-out and new store marketing/grand opening of the Franchised Store.  
We will deduct these costs from your bank account via ACH.  Such purchases are a pass-
through expense.  (See Exhibit L.)   
(4) 
You must purchase an opening supply package from us and approved vendors, if we so 
specify.  The opening package shall include all equipment and supplies necessary to 
commence business at the Franchised Store.  If we require you to enter into a Development 
Billing Agreement with us, you will reimburse us for amounts due to us or that we pay 
third party vendors for the opening package.  You are required to have access to a 
telephone, point-of-sale computer system and email access, business-class high speed 
Internet connection (digital service line (DSL), cable or wireless) and reliable 
transportation.  (See ITEM 11.)  We recommend that you purchase a laptop computer with 
minimum requirements of a 1 gigahertz (GHz) central processing unit (CPU), 4 gigabytes 
(GB) random access memory (RAM) and 64 GB disk space. 
 
These costs reflect the cost of building our store format called the “Kitchen Delite.”  The 
numbers are based on the actual costs incurred in building approximately three Kitchen 
Delite Stores in 2024 across various geographies. The Kitchen Delite format has optional 
upgrades available.  The low range costs reflect few or no upgrades, as well as the highest 
condition of the space and the lowest cost geography.  When estimating the cost of building 
your Franchised Store, the number of upgrades, space condition and geography should be 
considered.   
 
The low end of the cost range for stamped architectural drawings assumes a standard set 
of construction plans for a single tenant improvement in a typical multi-tenant strip center.  
The high end of the cost range includes set fees for services that may be required by a 
jurisdiction.  The range does not include variable fees for additional services that are not 
included in the standard construction document package. 
 
The typical cost for an as-built survey is $2,800 and covers spaces up to 1,500 square feet.  
The high end of the cost range reflects potential survey cost that includes set fees for add-
ons that may be required by the local jurisdiction, plus additional square footage-based 
costs for a space at the top range of square footage indicated in Note 6 below. 
 
NCR or an approved third party will perform the deployment services and equipment 
staging for the NCR point-of-sale system.  Currently we are the only approved vendor.  The 
