© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
45 
October 2025 
may not use social media and other forms of ECS to promote your Franchise Business.  We will 
own all data gathered through all such forms of ECS.   
We reserve the following rights, without any compensation to you:  (i) we may establish 
company-owned or franchised operations, including retail operated stores using our methods of 
operation, trade names or trademarks that will compete with you, at any location we select; (ii) we 
may sell any products or services anywhere, whether or not using the Marks, through various 
channels of distribution, including ECSs, wholesale, mail order, multi-area marketing programs, 
and retail or government/military channels.  ECS is a channel of distribution reserved exclusively 
to us, and you may not independently market or conduct business on the Internet or any other ECS; 
(iii) we may purchase or be purchased by, or merge or combine with, competing businesses 
wherever located; (iv) we may offer franchises in the future, and have done so in the past, on terms 
we deem appropriate, including terms that differ from the Franchise Agreement; and (v) we may 
establish multi-area marketing programs.  We may offer you the opportunity to service guests 
developed by a multi-area marketing program, or we may make other arrangements to do so.   
In the Franchise Agreement, you do not receive the right to acquire additional franchises 
or to grant subfranchises.  There are no minimum sales quotas for your franchise. 
As described in ITEM 1, through common ownership by MTY Food Group, we have 
affiliates that franchise over 55 different concepts, primarily in the United States and Canada.   
Certain of these restaurant concepts franchised or sub-franchised offer goods or services that are 
the same or similar to those that you will offer under the Papa Murphy’s brand.  
Kahala Franchising currently offers franchises for restaurants primarily offering pizza 
under the Johnnie’s New York Pizzeria brand and the Sauce Pizza Wine brand.  Similar to Papa 
Murphy’s Franchised Stores, Johnnie’s New York Pizzeria and Sauce Pizza Wine franchisees are 
not granted an exclusive territory.  Any conflicts that may arise between a Johnnie’s New York 
Pizzeria franchisee or Sauce Pizza Wine and a Papa Murphy’s franchisee regarding territory, 
guests or our support that cannot be resolved through negotiation between the parties will be 
resolved through litigation.  Kahala Franchising’s principal business address is 9311 E. Via De 
Ventura, Scottsdale, Arizona 85258. 
In addition, MTY Canada currently offers franchises for restaurants primarily offering 
pizza under the Giorgio Ristorante brand, the Pizza Delight brand, the Tosto Quickfire Pizza Pasta 
brand, the Toujours Mikes brand, and the Vanellis Fresh Italian Foods brand.  Similar to Papa 
Murphy’s Franchised Stores, Giorgio Ristorante franchisees, Pizza Delight franchisees, Tosto 
Quickfire Pizza Pasta franchisees, Toujours Mikes franchisees, and Vanellis Fresh Italian Foods 
franchisees are not granted an exclusive territory.  The Giorgio Ristorante concept, Pizza Delight 
concept, Tosto Quickfire Pizza Pasta concept and Vanellis Fresh Italian Foods concept are 
currently franchised only in Canada, and not in the United States.  The Toujours Mike concept is 
franchised only in Canada and internationally, primarily in Bahrain.  If in the future any conflicts 
may arise between a Giorgio Ristorante franchisee, Pizza Delight franchisee, Tosto Quickfire 
Pizza Pasta franchisee, Toujours Mikes franchisee or Vanellis Fresh Italian Foods franchisee, and 
a Papa Murphy’s franchisee regarding territory, guests or our support that cannot be resolved 
through negotiation between the parties will be resolved through litigation.  MTY Canada’s 
