 
Exhibit K - Financial Responsibility Agreement 
2 
October 2025 
any Licenses by automated clearinghouse (“ACH”) deduction from Franchise Owner’s bank 
account using the ACH authorization that Franchise Owner has provided to PMI for collection of 
franchise fees and other amounts owing to PMI (“ACH Authorization”), if said amount has not 
been paid directly to NCR. 
4. 
In connection with the Licenses, Franchise Owner has or will purchase from either 
NCR or PMI, at PMI’s sole discretion, all necessary hardware to operate the “PMI Enterprise 
Solution,” as the same is defined and specified by PMI in its operations manuals, and Franchise 
Owner agrees to use the PMI Enterprise Solution continuously until such time as this Agreement 
terminates.  In the event the hardware is purchased from PMI, Franchise Owner agrees that the 
cost(s) of the hardware may be collected by PMI by deduction from Franchise Owner’s bank 
account pursuant to the ACH Authorization. 
5. 
Franchise Owner acknowledges and agrees that Franchise Owner will pay, and is 
solely financially responsible for, all Software Maintenance, Equipment Maintenance, Hosting and 
other Services, as the same are defined in the NCR Agreement.  Franchise Owner agrees that such 
payments may be collected by PMI by deduction from Franchise Owner’s bank account pursuant 
to the ACH Authorization. 
6. 
Franchise Owner acknowledges and agrees that a secured payment gateway is a 
mandatory component of the POS system, and Franchise Owner agrees that any fees related to the 
secured payment gateway may be collected by PMI by deduction from Franchise Owner’s bank 
account pursuant to the ACH Authorization. 
7. 
Franchise Owner agrees to be responsible for sales taxes, any other taxes and any 
shipping and handling fees associated with the purchase, sale and delivery of the Licenses, 
Software Maintenance, Equipment Maintenance, Hosting and other Services, as well as purchases 
or leases of any hardware associated with the foregoing or the NCR Agreement. 
8. 
Each and every payment obligation of Franchise Owner under this Agreement, and 
every other debt, liability and obligation of every type and nature which Franchise Owner may 
now or at any time hereafter owe to PMI or NCR under this Agreement, whether now existing or 
hereafter created or arising, and whether direct or indirect, due or to become due, absolute or 
contingent, including but not limited to all principal, interest, fees, expenses and other charges, 
shall be considered an “Obligation” under this Agreement. 
9. 
All Obligations shall be paid by Franchise Owner within fifteen (15) days after an 
invoice is sent to Franchise Owner.  Failure by Owner to pay any Obligation within said period 
shall be considered a default under this Agreement.  It shall also be considered a default under this 
Agreement if Franchise Owner closes Franchise Owner’s bank account or places or causes a stop 
payment with Franchise Owner’s bank that restricts PMI’s ability to electronically withdraw 
amounts required to pay PMI or NCR under this Agreement or the NCR Agreement.  All 
obligations not paid within fifteen (15) days after an invoice is sent to Franchise Owner shall 
thereafter incur interest at the lower of: (1) 1.5 percent per month; or (2) the highest rate applicable 
law allows.  Franchise Owner acknowledges that PMI will incur additional administrative 
expenses for Obligations not timely paid, and Franchise Owner therefore agrees that, in addition 
to, and not in lieu of, all other PMI rights and remedies hereunder, Franchise Owner shall also pay 
