 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
34 
October 2025 
(b) 
If we reject your application to continue to operate, the 180 days within which 
to Transfer will be computed from the date of rejection. 
9. 
INDEMNITY, INSURANCE, CONDEMNATION AND CASUALTY 
9.1 
Indemnification.  You and each owner of the Franchised Business will protect, 
indemnify, defend, and hold us and our officers, directors, employees, members, managers, 
affiliates, and agents harmless against all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, losses, 
damages, costs, suits, judgments, investigations, formal or informal inquiry, debts, losses, 
fines, assessments, taxes, liens, legal fees and disbursements, penalties, expenses, and 
liabilities (collectively “Liabilities”) of any kind or nature arising directly or indirectly out 
of or in connection with your operation of the Franchised Business, any actions you take or 
representations you make, or your breach of this Agreement.  However, you are not required 
to indemnify us from any Liabilities to the proportionate extent resulting from our breach 
of this Agreement or other wrongs we commit. 
9.2 
Your Sole Responsibility.  As between us and you, you are solely responsible for 
the safety and well-being of your employees and the customers of the Franchised Business. 
9.3 
Insurance.  You must, upon taking possession of the premises, purchase and at all 
times maintain in full force and effect: 
(a) 
Insurance policies, in such amounts and on such terms as prescribed by the 
Manual, issued by an insurance company acceptable to us at all times during the term of this 
Agreement.  Insurance coverage must include, but is not limited to, comprehensive general 
liability, combined single limit, automobile, employment practices liability, bodily injury and all-
risk property damage insurance and all other occurrences against claims of any person, employee, 
customer, agent or otherwise in an amount per occurrence of not less than such amount set forth 
in the Manual and adjusted by us periodically.  Insurance coverage must also include 
unemployment and workers compensation insurance and any other additional insurance required 
by the terms of any lease or lender for the Franchised Business.  Insurance policies must insure 
you, us, our affiliates, and our and our affiliates' respective officers, directors, shareholders, 
managers, members and all other parties designated by us, as additional named insureds against 
any liability which may accrue against them because of the ownership, maintenance or operation 
by you of the Franchised Business.  The policies must also stipulate that we shall receive a 30-day 
prior written notice of cancellation and must contain endorsements by the insurance companies 
waiving all rights of subrogation against us.  Original or duplicate copies of all insurance policies, 
certificates of insurance, or other proof of insurance (collectively, “Proof of Insurance”) 
acceptable to us, including original endorsements effecting the coverage required by this Section, 
shall be furnished to us together with proof of payment within ten days of issuance thereof.   
(b) 
You must also furnish us with Proof of Insurance within ten days after each 
of the following events: (i) at all policy renewal periods, no less often than annually, and (ii) at all 
instances of any change to, addition to, or replacement of any insurance.  The certificates and 
endorsements for each insurance policy are to be signed by a person authorized by that insurer to 
bind coverage on its behalf.   
