 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
16 
October 2025 
dress, signs, systems, forms, policies and procedures, and other goods and services, and including 
our determinations relating to quality, value, and appearance of products, services and premises, 
which you must follow.  We may change the standards, specifications and Methods of Operation 
from time to time through “Supplements to the Manual” as described in Section 6.14 below and 
you agree to implement any such required changes as if they were part of the standards and 
specifications at the time you signed this Agreement.  You must purchase all such goods and 
services from sources and suppliers that have been approved or designated by us.  You must 
participate in and cooperate with promotional programs, and follow our and our suppliers’ 
guidelines.  Your supply sources must conform to our requirements.  You will repair or replace 
equipment with equipment that meets our specifications. 
6.5 
Right of Entry and Inspection.  We or our authorized agents or representatives, with 
or without prior notice to you, may enter the Franchised Location during normal business hours 
and inspect the operations of the Franchised Business and select materials, ingredients, products, 
supplies, paper goods, uniforms, fixtures, furnishings, signs, equipment, and any other item for 
evaluation, in order to ensure that these items conform to our operating standards.  We may 
photograph or electronically record any part of the Franchised Business, whether or not you are 
present.  Without any liability to you, we may remove any materials that we, in our judgment, 
determine to be illegal, unsafe, not in conformity with our operating standards, or in violation of 
this Agreement.  If we find any condition in your Franchised Business that we consider to be 
hazardous, unsafe, unhealthy, unclean, unsanitary, or in material disrepair, then we have the right 
to require you to immediately close your Franchised Business and to take such actions as we deem 
necessary to remedy the condition.  You will be solely responsible for the costs and damages 
incurred in connection with complying with this Section.  Any evaluation or inspection we conduct 
is not intended to exercise, and does not constitute, control over your day-to-day operation of the 
Franchised Business or control over your employees, and we do not assume any responsibility for 
your obligations under this Agreement. 
6.6 
Uniforms.  You will wear and you will provide and cause your employees to wear 
our required uniforms and comply with the standard uniform policy set forth in the Manual. 
6.7 
Maintenance, Upgrade, Refurbish and Replacement.  You will maintain the 
Franchised Location, equipment and furnishings in good repair, attractive appearance, and sound 
operating condition in compliance with the Manual.  At our request, you will make necessary 
repairs to the Franchised Location to comply with our operating standards.  You will complete all 
repairs and changes within a reasonable time after notice from us.  You will not make any change 
in the layout and décor of the Franchised Location without our prior written approval.  In addition, 
you must comply with any requirement we may impose to upgrade, refurbish and replace the 
Franchised Location, fixtures, and equipment to conform to the then-current Manual and Methods 
of Operation as required by us.  In addition to your obligations under Section 6.8, we may require 
you to invest up to $50,000 (“Upgrade Investment”), cumulatively during the term of this 
Agreement, to upgrade and replace the Franchised Location, fixtures, and equipment.  You 
understand, acknowledge and agree that any general maintenance and repair expenses incurred by 
you in operating the Franchised Business shall not be considered part of your required Upgrade 
Investment.  
