© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
26 
October 2025 
Service is $500 and includes the update of Store level software configuration, including 
NCR Back Office (NBO/MenuLink), Configuration Center (CFC), Aloha Take Out 
(ATO), Pulse Real Time (PRT) and POS payment processing.  You must pay us this fee 
which will be withdrawn by us via ACH authorization that allows us to deduct the fee from 
your Franchised Store bank account.  (See Exhibit I.)   
If you purchase an existing Papa Murphy’s store, you must pay NCR a Software License 
Transfer Fee in the amount of $300 and an online ordering transfer fee in the amount of 
$100.  You must pay us these fees which will be withdrawn by us via ACH authorization 
that allows us to deduct the fee from your Franchised Store bank account and we will remit 
them to the vendors.  (See Exhibit I.)   
(13) 
We require you to have software support and maintenance, hosting services, and help desk 
support for the PMI Enterprise Solution.  Core Software Support and Maintenance includes 
NCR Back Office, Pulse Real Time, and Configuration Center and Command Center.  You 
must pay us this fee which will be withdrawn by us via ACH authorization that allows us 
to deduct the fee from your Franchised Store bank account and we will remit it to NCR.  
(See Exhibit I.)  We strongly recommend hardware maintenance after the original 
13-month warranty period.  The cost of hardware maintenance after the warranty period 
ranges from $199 to $201 per year for the server and $100 to $103 per year per terminal, 
based on the terminal model.  NCR bills you directly for any hardware maintenance cost. 
(14) 
Our Store Solutions team provides help desk services for the PMI Enterprise Solution.  We 
require you to use the Store Solutions team for these services.  The cost of these services 
is subject to an annual increase.  You must pay us this fee which will be withdrawn by us 
via ACH authorization that allows us to deduct the fee from your Franchised Store bank 
account.  (See Exhibit I.)   
(15) 
These fees are currently paid to a third party vendor.  We have entered into an agreement 
with our point of sales vendor in which we obtained a bulk pricing discount to purchase 
perpetual point of sale software licenses, software maintenance, hosting and other services.  
In return we have agreed to be responsible for certain invoicing.  We will invoice you these 
fees which will be withdrawn by us via ACH authorization that allows us to deduct the fee 
from your Franchised Store bank account.  (See Exhibit I.)  Prior to installation of the point-
of-sale system, you must sign the Financial Responsibility Agreement attached to this 
Disclosure Document as Exhibit K. 
(16) 
These fees are based on the bulk pricing discount agreement we have entered into with our 
point of sale vendor and may increase if the number of bulk licenses purchased becomes 
depleted and we are unable to negotiate a new agreement.  If you choose not to purchase 
the licenses that are integral to the agreement with this vendor, your fees will be higher. 
(17) 
We may enter into an agreement with one or more of our managed firewall vendors in 
which we may agree to be responsible for invoicing.  We will invoice you these fees which 
will be withdrawn by us via ACH authorization that allows us to deduct the fee from your 
Franchised Store bank account.  (See Exhibit I.)  VikingCloud and NCR are currently the 
approved managed firewall vendors.  As of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document, 
