 
Exhibit G – Form of Multiple Store Commitment 
2 
October 2025 
 
Letter and Amendment to Franchise Agreements 
construct, equip, open and operate the second Franchised Business at the remaining Target at least 
six months thereafter. 
5. 
[All][Both] ______ Targets will be open and operating no later than ______ months 
after the Effective Date of the Franchise Agreements. 
6. 
If you fail to open and continuously operate one or more Franchised Businesses in 
accordance with the terms of, and in the time frame required by, this Multiple Store Commitment 
Letter, you agree that you forfeit the right to open all other unopened Franchised Businesses 
contemplated by this Multiple Store Commitment Letter and that PMI shall be entitled to retain all 
Franchise Fees without any further obligation to you under this Multiple Store Commitment Letter. 
7. 
All other aspects of the relationship between you and PMI shall be governed by the 
terms of the individual Franchise Agreement for each Franchised Business.  All disputes between 
the parties shall be resolved in accordance with the terms of each Franchise Agreement.  In the 
case of a conflict between the terms of a Franchise Agreement and this Multiple Store Commitment 
Letter, the provisions of this Multiple Store Commitment Letter shall prevail. 
8. 
This Multiple Store Commitment Letter may be assigned by PMI at any time 
without your consent.  You may not transfer or assign this Multiple Store Commitment Letter 
without the advanced written consent of PMI, which may be granted or denied in the sole discretion 
of PMI. 
The terms of this Multiple Store Commitment Letter will be incorporated into each 
Franchise Agreement by reference in the Amendment to Franchise Agreement that you will sign 
at the same time you sign each Franchise Agreement.  By signing below, you agree to the terms 
of this Multiple Store Commitment Letter and you acknowledge and agree that the terms of this 
Multiple Store Commitment Letter will become a part of the terms of the business relationship 
between you and PMI. 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
We have read the terms of this Multiple Store Commitment Letter and acknowledge and 
agree to be bound by its terms. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
