 
 
Attachment D to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
1 
October 2025 
ATTACHMENT D 
 
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
This Nondisclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) governs the disclosure of information by Papa 
Murphy’s International LLC (“Company”) to the person or entity listed as the Franchise Owner(s) 
on the signature block of this Agreement (“Recipient”) as of  
 
 
 
 
 
(“Effective Date”).  
1. 
“Confidential Information” means any and all technical and general information provided 
by Company to Recipient, including but not limited to information relating to Company’s 
franchise system, underlying processes, recipes, mixes, techniques, know-how, ingredients, 
written documentation, operations manuals, methods of business, business plans, financial 
information, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists, 
investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and 
merchandising, marketing plans and information the Company provides regarding third 
parties.  
2. 
The Recipient agrees that it will hold in strict confidence and not disclose Confidential 
Information to any third party, except as approved in writing by the Company, and will use 
the Confidential Information for no purpose other than evaluating or pursuing a business 
relationship with the Company.  The Recipient shall only permit access to Confidential 
Information to those of its employees or authorized representatives having a need to know 
and who have signed confidentiality agreements or are otherwise bound by confidentiality 
obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein. 
3. 
The Recipient shall immediately notify the Company in the event of any loss or unauthorized 
disclosure of any Confidential Information. 
4. 
The Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement do not apply to Confidential Information 
that: (a) was in the public domain before it was communicated to the Recipient through no 
fault of the Recipient; (b) entered the public domain after it was communicated to the 
Recipient through no fault of the Recipient; or (c) was in the Recipient’s possession free of 
any obligation of confidence at the time it was communicated to the Recipient.  
5. 
Upon completion of the evaluation by Recipient or upon written request of the Company, 
the Recipient shall promptly return to the Company all documents, notes and other tangible 
materials representing the Confidential Information and all copies thereof.  
6. 
The Recipient recognizes and agrees that nothing contained in this Agreement shall be 
construed as granting any property rights, by license or otherwise, to any Confidential 
Information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement, or to any invention or any patent, 
copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right that has issued or that may issue, 
based on such Confidential Information.  The Recipient shall not make, have made, use or 
sell for any purpose any product or other item using, incorporating or derived from and 
Confidential Information.  
