© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
35 
October 2025 
ITEM 10   
FINANCING 
Except as described below, neither we nor any affiliate offer direct or indirect financing.  
We do not assist in providing financing for you.  We do not currently guarantee any notes or 
financial obligations you may incur in setting up and operating your franchise.  We may use our 
creditworthiness with vendors to leverage better payment terms with these vendors for franchisees. 
ITEM 11   
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING,  
COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Before you open your Franchised Store, we will:  
1. 
Analyze your franchise location.  We will help you analyze your market area to 
help determine site feasibility and assist you in your selection of the Franchise Premises.  In 
analyzing a proposed Franchise Premises for approval, some of the factors we examine are its 
general location, neighborhood, traffic patterns, parking, size, physical characteristics, proximity 
to competing businesses, and lease terms.  You will analyze your market area, determine site 
feasibility, and select the Franchise Premises, subject to our approval and with our assistance.  You 
will complete a site submission package in a form prescribed by us that will detail the rationale for 
your selection of the proposed site.  (See FA, Section 3.) 
You must obtain our prior written approval for the site of the Franchise Premises and your 
lease related to it.  We retain the right to approve or disapprove of all Franchise Premises.  We do 
not guarantee success or sales potential for any Franchise Premises you select.  We will not be 
liable for any consequences of your choice of any Franchise Premises.  Any site recommendation 
or approval we make is not a representation that any particular site is available or legally 
appropriate for use as a franchise site.  It is your responsibility to investigate all applicable zoning, 
requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, licensing, leasing and other requirements for 
any Franchise Premises.  You must ensure that the site you select complies with these 
requirements.  You will bear all other site selection and negotiation expenses whether you pay 
them directly or reimburse us for those expenses under a Development Billing Agreement attached 
to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit L.   
Before you enter a lease or purchase agreement for the Franchise Premises, you will submit 
the lease or purchase documents to us for review.  Lease documents must include an addendum to 
the lease in the form attached as Attachment C to the Franchise Agreement, or in a form we 
otherwise approve, under which we may assume the lease as provided in Section 7.3 of the 
Franchise Agreement.  (See FA, Section 7.3.)  Refer to ITEM 5 above concerning site selection 
and other requirements for additional franchise purchases by existing franchisees.  You must open 
the Franchised Store within one year after signing the Franchise Agreement.   
2. 
Grant you access to the Operations Manual and various selling aids.  (See FA, 
Section 6.14.)  The Operations Manual is confidential and remains our property.  It contains 
mandatory and suggested recipes, specifications, standards and procedures.  We may reasonably 
