MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 11  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Functional currency 
The functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries is the US dollar. The Company 
translates monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the US dollar 
at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period; non-monetary assets denominated 
in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the transaction date; all 
revenue and expense items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate 
prevailing at the transaction date. All foreign exchange gains and losses are reported in profit or loss. 
Revenue recognition 
Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services to customer in an 
amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive for those goods or services. 
Revenue from franchise locations 
i) 
Royalties are based either on a percentage of gross sales as reported by the franchisees or 
on a fixed monthly fee. They are recognized on an accrual basis in accordance with the 
substance of the relevant agreement, as they are earned. 
ii) 
Promotional fund contributions are based on a percentage of gross sales as reported by the 
franchisees. Corresponding promotional fund transfers are presented directly on the 
consolidated balance sheets. The Company is not entitled to retain these promotional fund 
payments received and is obligated to transfer these funds to be used solely for use in 
promotional and marketing-related costs for specific restaurant banners. The Company 
sometimes charges a fee for the administration of the promotional funds. 
iii) 
Initial franchise fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the franchise 
agreement as the performance obligation relating to franchise rights is fulfilled.  Amortization 
begins once the restaurant has opened. 
iv) 
Upfront fees related to master license agreements are recognized over the term of the 
master license agreements on a straight-line basis. 
v) 
Renewal fees and transfer fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the 
related franchise agreement. 
vi) 
The Company earns rent revenue on certain leases it holds; the Company’s policy is 
described below. 
vii) 
Revenue from equipment sale and retail sales are recognized upon transfer of control, 
generally upon shipment of the equipment or goods. This revenue is recorded in resale 
material and retail sales. 
viii) 
The Company recognizes breakage income proportionately as each gift card is redeemed, 
based on the historical redemption patterns of the gift cards. The Company also charges 
various program fees to its franchisees as gift cards are redeemed. Notably, this does not 
apply to gift card liabilities assumed in a business acquisition, which are accounted for at fair 
value at acquisition date. 
ix) 
The Company receives considerations from certain suppliers. Fees are generally earned 
based on the value of purchases during the period. Agreements that contain an initial upfront 
fee, in addition to ongoing fees, are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the 
respective agreement. Supplier contributions are recognized as revenue as they are earned 
and are recorded in franchising revenue. 
