 
Attachment C to 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
3 
October 2025 
(14) days after a request for consent by Tenant or to set forth Landlord’s reasons for denying 
consent, consent shall be deemed given.  
 
12. 
Landlord’s Waiver of Lien.  For valuable consideration, Landlord waives all rights 
to maintain or enforce a statutory or contractual landlord’s lien, security interest, or any other claim 
against personal property located on the premises.  Landlord hereby agrees that all personal 
property belonging to Tenant shall not be subject to any claim by Landlord as compensation for 
any debt, common area maintenance charge, utility bill, or other monetary claim owed to Landlord 
by Tenant.  Landlord’s sole recourse for any moneys owed shall be against Tenant.  
 
13.  
Continuous Operations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the 
Lease, Tenant shall not be required to continuously operate from the premises and the failure to 
continuously operate shall not be deemed a default under the Lease. 
 
14. 
Destruction by Casualty.  If the Premises or other parts of the shopping center are 
damaged or destroyed by any casualty and cannot be repaired or restored within 180 days, Tenant 
may terminate the Lease effective as of the date of the casualty. 
15.  
Default and Notice Under Lease. 
 
15.1 
In the event there is a default by Tenant under the terms of the Lease, or an 
attempted transfer of Tenant’s interest under the Lease, Landlord shall give Franchisor written 
notice of such default or attempted transfer within ten days after Landlord receives knowledge of 
its occurrence. 
 
15.2 
If 
Landlord 
gives 
Tenant 
a 
default 
notice, 
Landlord 
must 
contemporaneously give Franchisor a copy of such notice.  Franchisor will have the right but not 
the obligation to cure the default and notify Landlord whether it intends to cure the default and 
take an automatic assignment of Tenant’s interest as provided in this Agreement.  Franchisor will 
have an additional fifteen (15) days from the expiration of Tenant’s cure period in which to cure 
the default or violation. The Franchise Agreement gives Franchisor the right of written notice, 
consent, and right of first refusal for any transfer. 
 
15.3 
While Franchisor has the option to have the Tenant’s interest in the Lease 
assigned to it, Franchisor does not have the obligation to exercise such option or accept such 
assignment. 
 
15.4 
All notices to Franchisor shall be sent by registered or certified mail, 
postage prepaid or by overnight mail to the following address: 
 
 
 
Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
 
 
8000 NE Parkway Drive, Suite 100 
 
 
Vancouver, WA 98662 
 
 
Attention: Legal Department 
 
16. 
Right to Cure - Monetary Defaults.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Lease, Tenant shall not be deemed in default of a monetary obligation under the 
