 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
38 
October 2025 
of our right to demand strict compliance with the terms hereof.  Waiver by us of any particular 
default by Franchise Owner shall not affect or impair our rights in respect to any subsequent default 
of the same or of a different nature; nor shall any delay, waiver, forbearance, or omission by us to 
exercise any power or rights arising out of any breach or default by Franchise Owner or any of the 
terms, provisions, or covenants hereof affect or impair our rights, nor shall such constitute a waiver 
by us of any right hereunder or of the right to declare any subsequent breach or default.  Subsequent 
acceptance by us of the payments due under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver by 
us of any preceding breach by Franchise Owner of any terms, covenants, or conditions of this 
Agreement.  We may waive or modify any obligation of other franchise owners under agreements 
similar to this Agreement, and no such waiver or modification shall obligate us to grant a similar 
waiver or modification to Franchise Owner.  Acceptance by us of payments due under this 
Agreement from any other person or entity shall be deemed acceptance from such person or entity 
as an agent of Franchise Owner and not as recognition of such person or entity as an assignee of 
or successor to Franchise Owner.  
10.5 
Risk of Operations.  You recognize the uncertainties of the Franchised Business, 
and therefore acknowledge that, except as set forth in this Agreement, no representations or 
agreements have been made regarding the success, sales potential, or profitability of the Franchised 
Business or the suitability of any Franchised Location.  
10.6 
Severability.  All provisions of this Agreement are severable and this Agreement 
will be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid or unenforceable provisions were not 
contained herein and partially valid and enforceable provisions will be enforced to the extent valid 
and enforceable.  If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater 
prior notice of the termination of or nonrenewal of this Agreement than is required, or the taking 
of some other action not required, or if under any applicable and binding law or rule of any 
jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure 
prescribed by Franchisor is invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other action required 
by law or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions. 
10.7 
Interpretation and Execution. 
(a) 
This Agreement is made in the State of Washington, and shall be governed 
by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of that State without regard to conflict 
of laws principles, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §1051 et seq.). Nothing in this Agreement will be considered to extend 
the scope of application of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or Washington 
Business Opportunity Fraud Act to you if you are not a resident of the State of Washington and 
the Franchised Location is not located within the State of Washington. 
(b) 
Any use of the word “including,” or synonymous terms, followed by one or 
more examples does not in any way limit the antecedent word or phrase. 
(c) 
This Agreement, together with the Attachments and the Certification of 
Franchise Owner, shall be the entire, full and complete agreement between us and Franchise Owner 
concerning the subject matter hereof, and shall supersede all prior agreements, and there are no 
other representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties 
