MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 18  
2. 
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Estimates and assumptions 
Business combinations 
For business combinations, the Company must make assumptions and estimates to determine 
the purchase price accounting of the business being acquired. To do so, the Company must 
determine the acquisition date fair value of the identifiable assets acquired, including such 
intangible assets as franchise rights and master franchise rights, trademarks, step-in rights and 
liabilities assumed. Among other things, the determination of these fair market values involves 
the use of discounted cash flow analyses and future system sales growth. Goodwill is measured 
as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred including the recognized amount 
of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree over the net recognized amount of the identifiable 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured at the acquisition date. These assumptions 
and estimates have an impact on the asset and liability amounts recorded in the consolidated 
balance sheets on the acquisition date. In addition, the estimated useful lives of the acquired 
amortizable assets, the identification of intangible assets and the determination of the indefinite 
or finite useful lives of intangible assets acquired will have an impact on the Company’s future 
profit or loss. 
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
The fair value calculation includes estimates of revenue growth, which are based on past 
performance and internal projections for the intangible asset group's forecasted growth, and 
royalty rates, which are adjusted for our particular facts and circumstances. The discount rate is 
selected based on the estimated cost of capital that reflects the risk profile of the related business. 
These estimates are highly subjective, the ability to achieve the forecasted cash flows used in our 
fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes 
in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance and changes in our business 
strategies.
Contingencies 
The Company makes assumptions and estimations based on its current knowledge of future 
disbursements it will have to make in connection with various events that have occurred in the 
past and for which the amount to be disbursed and the timing of such disbursement are uncertain 
at the date of producing its financial statements. This includes contingencies for onerous 
contracts, litigations and disputes and other contingencies.  
Gift card liabilities 
Management is required to make certain assumptions in both the prorated recognition based on 
redemption pattern and remoteness recognition of gift card breakage. The significant estimates 
are breakage rate and the redemption patterns. 
