 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
36 
October 2025 
thereafter be deemed to be the Franchised Location franchised under this Agreement.  If such a 
condemnation takes place and you do not open a new location, for whatever reason, under this 
Agreement in strict accordance with this Section within 60 days of any written approval by us of 
a new location, then this Agreement shall terminate immediately upon notice by us to you. 
(b) 
If the Franchised Location is damaged by fire or other casualty, you will 
expeditiously repair the damage.  If the damage or repair requires closing the Franchised Location, 
you will immediately notify us, will repair or rebuild the Franchised Location in accordance with 
Franchisor’s specifications, and will reopen the Franchised Location for continuous business 
operations as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 60 days after closing of the 
Franchised Location), giving us advance notice of the date of reopening.  If the Franchised 
Location is not reopened in accordance with this Section, this Agreement shall immediately 
terminate upon notice by us to you. 
(c) 
The term of this Agreement shall not be extended by any interruption in the 
Franchised Location operations except by an act of force majeure that results in the Franchised 
Location being closed not less than 60 days nor more than 365 days.  You must apply for any such 
extension within 60 days following the reopening of the Franchised Location.  Except as expressly 
provided elsewhere in this Agreement, no event during the term of this Agreement shall excuse 
you from paying periodic franchise fees in accordance with the preceding requirements of this 
Agreement to the extent you receive benefits under business interruption insurance or similar 
coverage you maintain in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.3 above. 
10. 
NOTICE AND MISCELLANEOUS 
10.1 
Notices.  
(a) 
All notices sent by one party to the other must be in writing and must be hand-
delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or overnight courier; or 
transmitted by facsimile, email or sent via other electronic means, if the sender can verify receipt 
(with a confirmation copy mailed within three business days).  Any notice is considered given and 
received when delivered, if hand-delivered; if sent by facsimile, email or other electronic means 
in which receipt can be verified, on the next business day after sent; if mailed, on the third business 
day following the mailing; and one business day after placement with a reputable air courier 
service, requesting delivery on the most expedited basis available.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
only Franchisor has the right to give you written notice via email to an email address you provide 
us regarding all notices specified by this Agreement or required by law, with such email 
notification to be deemed received by you twenty-four (24) hours after we send it, unless you 
otherwise earlier acknowledge receipt. 
(b) 
Notices to you will be addressed to you at the address provided below, or at 
any other address you designate in writing.  You are obligated to provide us with a current mailing 
address, email address and telephone number and to notify us of any change in mailing address, 
email address or telephone number within ten business days.  You understand and agree that 
providing us with notice of changes in mailing address, email address and telephone number shall 
be made in the manner provided in this Section for giving notices.  If you fail to timely notify us 
