MTY Franchising USA, Inc. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
(In thousands of US dollars)
Page | 12  
2.  
Significant accounting policies (continued) 
Revenue from franchise locations (continued) 
x) 
The Company earns e-commerce fees, which includes point-of-sale (“POS”) support fees 
and transaction fees for purchase made through one of the Company’s brands’ e-commerce 
platforms. POS supports fees are received quarterly in advance and are recognized over the 
period they cover. Transaction fees are recognized when the food items purchased from a 
store are delivered or picked up by customers. 
Revenue from corporate-owned locations 
Revenue from corporate-owned locations is recorded when goods are delivered to customers. 
Contract cost asset 
The Company recognizes incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an asset if they are expected 
to be recoverable, unless their amortization period would be less than one year, in which case they 
are expensed as incurred. The costs are amortized to operating expenses over the term of the related 
franchise agreement. 
Leasing 
The Company adopted ASC 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) on December 1, 2021. See note 3 for further 
details. 
In accordance with ASC 842, the Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at 
contract inception and recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease 
commencement date. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less but greater than one month 
are not recorded on the balance sheet for select asset classes. 
The lease liability is measured at the present value of future lease payments as of the lease 
commencement date. The right-of-use asset recognized is based on the lease liability adjusted for 
prepaid and deferred rent and unamortized lease incentives. An operating lease right-of-use asset 
is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recognized as a single lease cost 
against the operating lease liability. A finance lease right-of-use asset is amortized on a straight-line 
basis, with interest costs reported separately, over the lesser of the useful life of the leased asset or 
lease term. 
Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included 
in Operating expenses. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred. The Company uses its 
incremental borrowing rates as the discount rate for its leases, which is equal to the rate of interest 
the Company would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease 
payments under similar terms. The lease terms for all the Company’s leases include the contractually 
obligated period of the leases, plus any additional periods covered by Company options to extend 
the leases that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. Certain leases provide that the lease 
payments may be increased annually based on the fixed rate terms or adjustable terms such as the 
Consumer Price Index. Future base rent escalations that are not contractually quantifiable as of the 
lease commencement date are not included in the lease liability. 
Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease 
expense is comprised of operating and finance lease costs, short-term lease costs, and variable 
lease costs, which primarily include common area maintenance, real estate taxes, and insurance for 
the Company’s real estate leases. 
