Exhibit I – ACH Debit and Credit Authorization Form 
 
October 2025 
 
 
 
Procedures for the setup of ACH processing 
 
Under your Franchise Agreement, all fees and other charges due to us must be paid by ACH, 
including royalties, advertising fees, online ordering transaction and delivery fees, gift card 
settlements, etc.  Before Papa Murphy’s International LLC (PMI) can process these payments, 
you must complete the attached ACH Debit and Credit Authorization Form and return it to us. 
 
In addition, information on the ACH Debit and Credit Authorization Form is needed to set up a 
Merchant ID (MID), which is necessary to program your POS systems to process gift cards.  Once 
the completed ACH Debit and Credit Authorization Form is received by PMI Billing Support, an 
MID will be emailed to you at the email address specified on the form. 
 
The routing number and account number for your account can be found at the bottom of a 
check as shown below.  The routing number is always nine digits.  If you don’t have checks, your 
bank can provide you with these numbers upon request.  Please make sure to provide the 
correct routing and account numbers, and write legibly.  A voided check does not need to be 
provided, but may be if you are unsure. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Franchise fees weekly ACH process 
 
Weekly net sales are collected each week and used to calculate amounts due for royalties and 
advertising fees.  Additional amounts (including taxes, if applicable) are added for other 
amounts due under your Franchise Agreement or other agreement that you have authorized us 
to collect by ACH, including but not limited to print advertising, customer relations management 
(CRM), online ordering transactions, plus adjustments from any prior week (if any) to determine 
the total weekly ACH draw. 
 
This total amount is submitted to the bank on Friday for draw from your account on the next 
Monday/banking day. 
 
Concurrent with PMI submitting the ACH transaction to the bank, PMI will send the related 
invoices to the email address you have provided on the attached ACH form, providing the detail 
of all amounts due by store and by fee type. 
 
To subsequently update your email address for invoices / ACH notifications, please send your 
update request to billingsupport@papamurphys.com. 
