 
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement 
10 
October 2025 
Automated Clearinghouse (“ACH”) Authorization allowing us to automatically deduct payments 
or any other amounts you owe to us from your franchise bank account.  The ACH Authorization 
also authorizes us to withdraw or deposit amounts resulting from gift card or stored value card 
activations or redemptions, orders placed on our website, and any other amounts that may become 
due to you into your franchise bank account.  We will not for this purpose require you to deposit 
all your revenue into an account that we control, or from which withdrawals may be made only 
with our consent.  You must make funds available to us for withdrawal by electronic transfer no 
later than the due date for payment.  If you have not reported the Net Sales to us for any reporting 
period as required, then we shall be authorized, at our option, to debit your account in an amount 
equal to (a) 150 percent of the fees transferred from your account for the last reporting period for 
which a report of the Net Sales was provided from you as required hereunder; or (b) the amount 
due based on information retrieved from our approved computer system.  Upon receipt of your 
report of Net Sales, the amount due will be reconciled with the amount withdrawn. 
(c) 
You will not set off any claim for damages or money due to you from us 
against any payments to be paid by you to us under this Agreement or any related agreement 
between the parties.  No endorsement or statement will be effective as an acknowledgment of 
payment in full.  We will have the right to accept any payment and to recover the balance due or 
to pursue any other remedy available to us. 
(d) 
Interest of 1.5 percent per month (18 percent per annum), or the maximum 
allowed by law if less (“Default Rate”), will be added to any sums to be paid under this Agreement 
that remain unpaid after the date due.  If we are unable to withdraw funds from your franchise 
bank account because you have insufficient funds in the account, you have closed the account, or 
you have placed or caused a “stop payment” instruction on the account for any reason, we have 
the right to charge you a non-sufficient funds fee of $35.  In addition, you must reimburse us for 
any non-sufficient funds fees that we incur.  If you have closed the account or you have placed or 
caused a “stop payment” instruction on the account for any reason, we have the right to charge you 
an additional $75 late payment fee.  
(e) 
If you fail to submit to us any financial statements, forms, reports or records 
required to be provided under this Agreement by its due date, you must pay to us a late report 
charge of One Hundred Dollars ($100) per week or part thereof.  
(f) 
We have the absolute right to charge you up to fifteen percent (15%) of Net 
Sales, with respect to any period during which you are in breach or default of your obligations 
under this Agreement.  Royalty Fees paid or owing to us with respect to the period during which 
you are in breach or default are referred to as “Breaching Royalties.”  Breaching Royalties will 
be charged for a minimum 14-day period, regardless of the length of the actual breach or default.  
(g) 
If you fail to provide us any necessary information or documentation with 
respect to our practice of drawing drafts against your bank account, you must pay us a draft draw 
charge in the amount of One Hundred Dollars ($100) per day that that failure continues. 
