© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
47 
October 2025 
There are no agreements currently in effect that limit our rights to use or license the use of 
the Marks. We know of no infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the Marks.  
We claim common law rights to the Marks and any other marks used by us in the United 
States, and our domain names and trade dress. 
The Marks are our sole and exclusive property.  You must follow our rules, which are in 
the Franchise Agreement and the Operations Manuals, when you use these Marks.  You must 
notify us immediately of any claim, demand or suit involving your use of the Marks, and of any 
unauthorized or improper use or infringement of our rights relating to the Marks.  We will decide 
to take action or not take action, as we deem appropriate.  If there is any infringement or challenge 
to your use of the Marks, and we must modify or replace one or more Marks, we will reimburse 
you only for actual direct costs of purchasing new signage and stationery as a result of the changed 
Marks. 
You may not use the Marks in any manner that we have not authorized in writing.  You 
may not use or give others permission to use the Marks, or any colorable imitation of them, 
combined with any other words or phrases.  You may not sublicense the Marks.  You may not use 
our Marks as part of your business name or on the Internet or on any ECS.  You may not market 
or have a site on the Internet or other ECS, except at our website. 
All goodwill associated with the Marks, including any goodwill that might be deemed to 
have arisen through your activities, will accrue directly and exclusively to our benefit. 
We retain the right to change or modify any part of the Marks periodically.  You will 
accept, use, and protect, for the purposes of your franchise, all changes and modifications as if 
they were a part of the Marks at the time the Franchise Agreement is executed.  Except as described 
above, you will bear all costs and expenses that may be reasonably necessary because of these 
changes or modifications.  Under no circumstances will we be liable to you for any damages, costs, 
losses, or detriments related to these changes or modifications. 
ITEM 14   
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
We do not own any patent issued by the USPTO, or any copyright issued by the United 
States Registrar of Copyrights, that is material to the franchise.  However, we claim copyright 
protection of the Operations Manual, menus, advertising and promotional materials, and related 
items although these materials have not been registered with the United States Registrar of 
Copyrights.  ITEM 11 describes the Operations Manual and the limits on use of the copyrighted 
materials by you and your employees. 
We affix a statutory notice of copyright to our Operations Manual, to most of our 
advertising products, and to our pizza, salads, desserts and other products, and to all modifications 
and additions to them.  There are no determinations, agreements, infringements or obligations 
currently affecting these notices or copyrights. You have no rights to the copyrighted material. 
You are granted the right and are required to use the copyrighted items only with your operation 
of the Franchised Store during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  You may not copy, 
duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce any material that is set forth in the Operations Manual. 
