© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
17 
October 2025 
In the Matter of Maui Wowi Franchising, Inc., Before the Securities Commissioner of Maryland 
(Case No. 2007-0194).   
On September 12, 2007, Maui Wowi Franchising, Inc. (“MWF”) the predecessor franchisor 
of the Maui Wowi brand, entered into a Consent Order with the Maryland Commissioner resulting 
from MWF inadvertently entering into two franchise agreements with two Maryland residents 
(“Second Maryland Franchisees”) without delivering to them the appropriate Offering Circular.  
MWF was registered in the State of Maryland at the time of the offer and sale with an Offering 
Circular containing certain specific information required only by Maryland law.  At the same time, 
MWF used a second form of Offering Circular in other states that did not contain all of the 
information required by Maryland law.  Prior to the execution of the franchise agreements with 
the Second Maryland Franchisees, MWF accidentally delivered to them the Offering Circular that 
did not contain the Maryland-specific information.  MWF subsequently reported these mistakes to 
the Commissioner.  The Consent Order required MWF to (i) cease and desist from the offer and 
sale of franchises in Maryland in violation of the Maryland Franchise Law; (ii) diligently pursue 
the completion of its then pending application to register its Offering Circular in Maryland; 
(iii) implement additional compliance measures to ensure future compliance with the Maryland 
Franchise Law; (iv) employ an approved franchise law compliance training program or trainer to 
monitor MWF’s franchise activities in Maryland for two years; and (v) reimburse the Maryland 
Attorney General for its investigation and resolution costs in the total amount of $2,500.  
Additionally, MWF was required to provide to the Second Maryland Franchisees the registered 
Offering Circular, a copy of the Consent Order, and a letter notifying the Second Maryland 
Franchisees that they have a right to rescind their franchise agreements.  The Commissioner and 
MWF subsequently entered into an Amended Consent Order in which MWF elected to withdraw 
from the State of Maryland instead of employing a compliance monitor, with the agreement to 
employ a monitor if MWF was to re-register in the State of Maryland.  MWF fully complied with 
the Amended Consent Order, and subsequently employed a compliance monitor and was granted 
registration in the State of Maryland. 
In the Matter of SweetFrog Enterprises, LLC, fka Imagination Enterprises, Inc., dba Sweet Frog, 
Before the Securities Commissioner of Maryland (Case No. 2012-0055).   
As a result of an inquiry into the franchise related activities of SweetFrog Enterprises, LLC, 
(“SFE”) the Maryland Securities Commissioner (“Commissioner”) concluded that grounds existed 
to allege that SFE violated the registration and disclosure provisions of the Maryland Franchise 
Law in relation to the offer and sale of certain license agreements.  SFE acknowledged that those 
license agreements constituted franchises as defined under the Maryland Franchise Law.  SFE 
represented that it entered into license agreements with eight Maryland licensees during the time 
it was not registered to offer and sell franchises in Maryland.  On August 29, 2012, the 
Commissioner and SFE agreed to enter into a consent order whereby SFE, without admitting or 
denying any violations of the law, agreed to: (i) immediately and permanently cease from the offer 
and sale of franchises in violation of the Maryland Franchise Law; (ii) file and diligently pursue 
an application for an initial franchise registration in Maryland relating to the license agreements it 
offered and sold to Maryland licensees; and (iii) offer to rescind the license agreements of all 
Maryland licensees to whom it sold unregistered franchises. We are not aware of any licensees 
that accepted the rescission and have made a good faith effort to obtain that information. 
