© 2025 Papa Murphy’s International LLC 
33 
October 2025 
We may sell or lease any inventory, materials, licenses or supplies to our franchisees.  
Required purchases from an approved vendor may be payable to us for purposes of simplified 
billing and reduced administrative costs.  We may charge a fee for this service.  In fiscal year 2024, 
we recognized $709,363 in income from equipment or services purchased from us or entities 
affiliated with us.  A portion of this amount funds the Store Solutions Team Support.  This amount 
represents 0.13% of our total revenues of $69,641,971 in fiscal year 2024 according to our internal 
records.  Our revenue is part of MTY USA’s total consolidated revenue in MTY USA’s audited 
financial statements attached as Exhibit C. 
We may receive payments from suppliers for Franchise Convention-related expenses, 
communications, and periodic meetings.  In fiscal year 2024, we received payments in the amount 
of $980,037.  This amount represents 1.41% of our total revenues of $69,641,971 in fiscal year 
2024 according to our internal records.  These payments were placed by us in our general account 
and used by us to defer our expenses for the last and/or next annual Franchise Convention or 
periodic meetings.  We reserve the right to utilize these payments in any manner that benefits the 
Papa Murphy’s franchise system.   
We or our affiliates may receive revenue from products and services sold to you by our 
approved suppliers.  We also may receive payments from vendors or suppliers.  We anticipate that 
some payments received from vendors will be placed into the Brand Marketing Fund and we 
reserve the right to utilize these payments in any manner that benefits the Papa Murphy’s franchise 
system.  In fiscal year 2024, our affiliate, Murphy’s Marketing Services, Inc., recognized 
$2,268,033 in vendor payments to the Brand Marketing Fund.  
We estimate that purchases and leases of goods and services from us, affiliates, or from 
approved suppliers will be from 45% to 60% of the total estimated initial investment you make as 
shown in ITEM 7.  We estimate that purchases and leases of goods and services from us, affiliates, 
or from approved suppliers will be from 80% to 98% of the total purchases and leases of goods 
and services you make to operate your Franchised Store. 
You may not sell or dispense any products, food or non-food services, or activities other 
than those specifically recognized and approved by us as part of the Papa Murphy’s franchise 
system without our prior written approval.  You may not install or use any vending machines, 
televisions, juke boxes, games, musical devices or similar item in your Franchised Store. 
We may require you to participate in a stored value card, gift card, gift certificate, or loyalty 
program, online ordering, digital ordering system, or any successor, derivative or replacement 
technology, apply with the applicable government entity to accept electronic benefit transfer cards 
or food stamps and to accept credit cards, debit cards and mobile payment solutions.  We may 
specify and require you to adhere to maximum resale prices to the extent permitted by law. 
We do not have any purchasing or distribution cooperatives as of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document.  We may negotiate purchase arrangements with approved suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees.  We do not provide material benefits, such as renewing or granting 
additional franchises to franchisees, based on their use of approved suppliers or purchases of 
particular products or services.   
