Advertising and Marketing

Advertising and Marketing Service Fee/AFA

We remit the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee you pay us directly to a separate and
independent membership corporation known as AFA, in which every domestic company-owned
Restaurant and franchisee is required to participate, and which reports to a Board of Directors
representing Arby’s domestic franchisees. AFA is the franchisee-administered service organization
responsible for advertising and marketing services to the Arby’s system.

Effective October 2005, ARG and AFA entered into a Management Agreement that created
operational efficiencies, thus benefiting the Arby’s system as a whole. Under the Management
Agreement (as amended), ARG assumed general responsibility for the day-to-day operations of AFA.
ARG performs these tasks subject to the approval of AFA’s Board of Directors, which consists of
AFA members elected by the AFA membership. The AFA Board of Directors has decision-making
power, and ARG cannot change or dissolve the AFA Board of Directors or the AFA. In addition to
general managerial responsibilities for AFA’s day-to-day operations, ARG pays for the general and
administrative costs of AFA, other than the cost of an annual audit of AFA and some other expenses.

The most current tiered rate structure for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, if any, is shown
in Exhibit C to the Franchise Agreement. Effective July 1, 2025, the AFA Board of Directors
approved dues based on a rate structure whereby the amount of Advertising and Marketing Service
Fee will be between 3.22% and 5.0%. Most franchisees currently pay Advertising and Marketing
Service Fees based on the approved rate structure, although we pay those fees on behalf of Non-
Traditional Restaurants, and some franchisees may pay different rates based on incentive programs.
We and our affiliates contribute to AFA on at least the same basis as franchisees for any Arby’s
Restaurants that we or they own. The Advertising and Marketing Service Fee and tiered rate structure
may change in the future, including the elimination or reinstatement of the tiered rate structure.

AFA will provide limited local and regional advertising and marketing services to you. AFA uses
100% of the money from franchisees’ Advertising and Marketing Service Fees to develop and prepare
advertising materials, including (for example) materials for print, radio and television, to undertake
market research, to purchase national advertising media of all types, to develop social
media/networking programs, to pay the commissions, fees and expenses of advertising and marketing
agencies and consultants to pay talent and talent residuals, to provide other marketing and non-
marketing services, and to pay all fees and expenses incurred regarding providing these items. ARG’s
staff, advertising agencies and/or other contractors may produce advertising and other materials on
AFA’s behalf. For our 2025 fiscal year, (1) no AFA advertising contribution funds were used to
solicit franchise sales, and (2) AFA used the money as follows: 76.09% on national media; 17.16%
on creative and content; 5.58% on merchandising; 0.9% on consumer insights; and 0.27% on general
and administrative expenses. Fees not spent in the fiscal year in which fees are accumulated are
carried forward and spent in the next fiscal year, though AFA attempts to spend all funds contributed
to it in the year in which they are contributed. If you would like to obtain an audited accounting of
the advertising funds, send a written request directly to AFA.

Membership in AFA is compulsory. If membership in AFA ceases to be compulsory for those
franchisees who are members, franchisees have the right to designate a successor service organization
as long as franchisees representing at least 65% of all franchised restaurants and at least 200
                                                 44
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
