                           ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
the following hierarchy:

             Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

             Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or
             similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are
             observable or whose significant value drivers are observable.

             Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there
             is little, if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value
             require significant management judgment or estimation.

Contributions from and Distributions to Parent

Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company presents
contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the consolidated statements of stockholder's deficit. The net
distributions in a year are first recorded to "Retained earnings", if any, until the cumulative retained earnings balance is
reduced to zero. Any remaining distributions in a year are then recorded to "Additional paid-in capital," if any, until the
cumulative "Additional paid-in capital" balance is reduced to zero and are then subsequently recorded to “Accumulated
deficit.” The net contributions in a year are recorded to "Additional paid-in capital." The Company presents contributions
from and distributions to Parent on a net basis as a financing activity on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Out-of-Period Adjustments

The Company recorded an after-tax adjustment of $5.6 million in its consolidated statement of income for the year ended
December 31, 2023 reflecting the impact of a prior period error identified and corrected during 2023. The prior period error
was primarily associated with a disposal of assets in 2021 that resulted in a gain in "Other operating (loss) income, net".

Based on an analysis of qualitative and quantitative factors, the Company concluded that the cumulative impact of this error
was not material to any of the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on the reported results of operations.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

Income Taxes (ASU 2023-09)

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09") which requires additional disclosures in the rate reconciliation about specific categories of
reconciling items and any individual jurisdictions that result in a significant difference between the statutory tax rate and the
effective tax rate. ASU 2023-09 also requires entities to disclose annual income taxes paid (net of refunds received)
disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and in some cases to disaggregate the information by jurisdiction based on
a quantitative threshold. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 during the year ended December 28, 2025 on a retrospective
basis. The updated disclosures are reflected in Note 9.

The Company reviewed all other newly issued accounting pronouncements and concluded that they either are not applicable
to the Company's operations or that no material effect is expected on the Company's consolidated financial statements when
adoption is required in the future.




                                                           - 13 -
