The Franchise Agreement does not provide you options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
acquire additional franchises within the Protected Area or contiguous areas. Continuation of your
territorial rights under the Franchise Agreement does not depend on your achieving a certain sales
volume, market penetration or other contingency. We may not alter your Protected Area or modify
your territorial rights in the Protected Area before your Franchise Agreement expires or is terminated,
although we may do so for a successor franchise. Therefore, if a development opportunity arises for
another franchisee who is interested in development in your Protected Area or Territory, we will seek
your consent to allow that franchisee to open an Arby’s Restaurant within your Protected Area or
Territory.

Affiliated Franchise Programs

Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or franchise,
any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that
our franchisees sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1
and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private equity funds
managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell
similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current Affiliated
Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell,
whether their businesses are franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks. All of these
other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are physically
separate from the offices and training facilities of our franchise network. Most of the Affiliated
Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network given the products or services they sell,
although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees
operate may solicit and accept orders from customers near your business. Because they are separate
companies, we do not expect any conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees
regarding territory, customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived
conflicts that might arise.

                                             ITEM 13
                                           TRADEMARKS

You will have the right under your Franchise Agreement to operate a Restaurant under the name
“Arby’s” and using the Arby’s trademarks, service marks, and trade names listed in the Manual. Our
subsidiary, Arby’s IP Holder, LLC (“Arby’s IP Holder”), owns all of the Arby’s U.S. intellectual
property. The following list includes the principal Arby’s trademarks and service marks (the
“Principal Marks”). Arby’s IP Holder or its predecessor has registered the Principal Marks on the
Principal Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “PTO”) and has made all
required affidavit and renewal filings.

                                       Arby’s Principal Marks

              Mark                   Federal Registration Number               Registration Date
             Arby’s®                           890,631                           May 5, 1970

                                                1,065,886                        May 17, 1977
 Arby’s (on modified Hat Design)                1,081,230                       January 3, 1978
      Arby’s & Hat Design                       4,679,713                      January 27, 2015
                                                   53
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
