                                                                                      DA # ______________



to comply with Arby’s option to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement, including but not limited
to, requiring the lessor thereunder to give Arby’s reasonable notice of any contemplated termination.
Neither Arby’s acceptance of the Franchised Premises nor Arby’s review and acceptance of the lease shall
constitute a guarantee or warranty, express or implied, of the successful operation or profitability of a
Restaurant at the Franchised Premises. Such review and acceptance indicate only that Arby’s believes the
Franchised Premises and the lease terms meet Arby’s then current criteria.

        9.       CONSTRUCTION. Upon receiving acceptance for a proposed site, Developer shall
proceed promptly to secure control of the accepted site and to obtain necessary zoning and building
approvals and permits. Arby’s will provide standard plans for the Arby’s-approved building, including
specifications for fixtures, furnishings, signs, and equipment. Developer must hire an architect and general
contractor to adapt these standard plans to the accepted site and must submit final working plans to Arby’s
for approval within the time limits set by Arby’s. Developer shall not proceed with construction or
remodeling until Developer has received Arby’s written approval of the final working plans. Developer
shall ensure that the building is constructed or remodeled in accordance with the final working plans and
specifications designated and approved by Arby’s in writing. Developer will allow Arby’s to make periodic
inspections and will provide such periodic progress reports as may be requested by Arby’s. Developer shall
submit actual construction costs to Arby’s within one hundred twenty (120) days of project completion.

        10.     TRAINING.

        (a)     Developer, a general partner of Developer (if Developer is a partnership), or the majority
                shareholder, limited partner, member or other equity owner of Developer (if Developer is
                a corporation), must complete Arby's New Franchisee Orientation (“NFO”) program prior
                to issuance of the Franchise Agreement unless Developer is already operating at least one
                Arby's Restaurant.

        (b)     Two representatives of Developer must attend and successfully complete the training
                program approved by us in our sole judgment at the Arby’s Restaurant that we designate,
                prior to issuance of the first Franchise Agreement. If Developer is an individual who
                intends to participate in the daily operation of the Restaurant, or if Developer includes a
                general partner or shareholder, limited partner, member or other equity owner who intends
                to participate in the daily operation of the Restaurant, that person must attend and
                successfully complete training.

        (c)     If Developer is already operating one Arby's Restaurant, two additional representatives of
                Developer must attend and successfully complete training prior to issuance of the second
                Franchise Agreement, and one representative of Developer per Restaurant must attend and
                successfully complete training prior to the issuance of any and all subsequent Franchise
                Agreements.

        (d)     Arby's will pay the tuition for the NFO program and the initial training program for
                attendance of up to two traineees for the first Restaurant. All other tuition and expenses
                shall be the sole responsibility of Developer (including training fees or tuition).

        11.     FRANCHISE AGREEMENT.

        (a)     No Arby’s Restaurant may be opened or operated by Developer under any circumstances
                until the required Franchise Fee shown in the Contract Data Schedule has been paid and
                the Franchise Agreement for such location has been executed by Arby’s.



                                                     3
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625640325.2
