                               ITEM 1
     THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES

To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we”, “our” or “us” means Arby’s Franchisor,
LLC, the franchisor. “You” means the person or entity that acquires the franchise. If you are a
corporation, limited liability company or other entity, then we may require your principals to sign the
Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached to the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit B), which
means that all of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement also will apply to them.

The Franchisor

We are a limited liability company organized in Delaware on July 2, 2015. We do business under the
brand name “Arby’s”. We have offered franchises for Arby’s Restaurants (defined below) since
November 2015. As of December 28, 2025, our 2025 fiscal year end, there were 3,265 Arby’s
restaurants operating in the United States (2,340 single-branded franchised, 4 multi-branded
franchised, 920 single-branded company-owned, and 1 multi-branded company-owned). As of
December 28, 2025, there were 243 franchised Arby’s restaurants operating internationally and in
Puerto Rico.

We have never operated an Arby’s Restaurant or offered franchises in any other line of business. We
have no other business activities except those described here. Our principal business address is Three
Glenlake Parkway NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. If we have an agent for service of process in your
state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit H.

The Arby’s Restaurant Franchise Opportunity

We grant franchises for, and some of our affiliates operate, restaurants featuring our deli-inspired
sandwiches and related items that operate under our trademarks, service marks and tradenames (the
“Trademarks”) and our system, all of which may change periodically (“Arby’s Restaurants”). The
Arby’s brand purpose is Inspiring Smiles Through Delightful Experiences™. Arby’s delivers on its
purpose by celebrating the art of Meatcraft® with a variety of high-quality proteins and innovative,
crave-able sides, such as curly fries and jamocha shakes. Arby’s Fast Crafted® restaurant services
feature a unique blend of quick-service speed combined with the quality and made-for-you care of
fast casual. We call the Arby’s Restaurant that you will operate under the Franchise Agreement your
“Restaurant.”

This disclosure document contains information regarding the following 2 types of Arby’s Restaurants:
(1) traditional full-menu, limited service Arby’s Restaurants, which could be in free-standing
locations, convenience stores, travel plazas, truck stops, travel plaza/convenience store combos, end
cap and inline locations, and malls (“Traditional Restaurants”), the vast majority of which include a
drive-thru window; and (2) limited menu, limited size and reduced service restaurants intended to
meet consumer demand in locations that may not support a full menu and/or full size restaurant
(“Non-Traditional Restaurants”). A Non-Traditional Restaurant generally occupies a smaller retail
space, offers no or very limited seating and may cater to a captive audience, may have a limited menu
and may possibly feature reduced services, labor, storage and different hours of operation. Non-
Traditional Restaurant locations include airports, military bases, hospitals, service plazas, stadiums,
theme/amusement parks and arenas which have no seating or shared seating, casinos, colleges,
universities, and other institutional facilities which have common area seating.

                                                  1
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
