relocation when the Restaurant’s premises are inoperable due to casualty or taken in condemnation
or by eminent domain, when highway relocations or closings have substantially reduced access to the
Restaurant’s premises, or when you can no longer use the Restaurant’s premises for similar reasons
beyond your control. We also may permit a relocation for economic reasons, shifts in trade area,
demographics and traffic patterns or other special circumstances.

We may, in our sole judgment, grant you a specific and limited protected area surrounding your
Restaurant (the “Protected Area”). If the Restaurant is a free-standing structure and we grant you a
Protected Area, we will typically delineate the Protected Area using a 1-mile radius from the location
or by boundary streets or highways. However, the Protected Area excludes malls, college and
university campus locations, hospitals, and other similar institutional-type facilities, service plazas,
military bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special location activity centers like sports
arenas, and sovereign nations. The Protected Area may, however, be limited to the specific Restaurant
location. If you operate a Non-Traditional Restaurant, we will not grant any Protected Area.

If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate an Arby’s Restaurant and one or more
Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may grant you territorial exclusivity
for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other Franchise
Agreement.

During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or franchise others to operate an
Arby’s Restaurant using the licensed Trademarks and offering deli-inspired sandwiches for sale to
consumers within the Protected Area, if any. Except for these rights, we and our affiliates reserve all
other rights relative to Arby’s Restaurants, the Arby’s trademarks, and other business concepts,
whether within or outside the Protected Area. We and our affiliates may operate, license, or franchise
Arby’s Restaurants in any location, other than the Protected Area, if any, using the Arby’s trademarks
and offering deli-inspired sandwiches. In addition, we and our affiliates may also establish and
operate limited service restaurants or similar or different businesses under any name at any location,
whether using Arby’s trademarks or other trademarks, unless precluded by a written contractual
obligation. We and our affiliates may also develop new and existing concepts, as dual-brand and
standalone concepts. Because we and our affiliates may operate, or franchise other parties to operate,
Arby’s Restaurants at non-traditional locations inside the Territory or Protected Area, and in some
cases (like if you operate a Non-Traditional Restaurant) we do not provide a Protected Area, you will
not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.

There are no restrictions on your soliciting and accepting customers from outside your Protected Area
or otherwise competing with Arby’s Restaurants which are now, or may in the future be, located
outside your Protected Area (if any). Only we, our affiliates or designees have the right to sell
products or services under the Arby’s trademark either within or outside of your Protected Area or
Territory, if any, through any alternative channels of distribution, such as the internet/worldwide web
and other forms of electronic commerce; catalogs; telemarketing or other direct marketing sales; or
any other channel of distribution other than an Arby’s Restaurant, and you may not sell products or
services under the Arby’s trademark either within or outside of your Protected Area or Territory using
alternative channels of distribution. You have no right to compensation if we do so. We currently
sell consumer packaged goods, including frozen fries and Arby’s Horsey Sauce, at retail stores
nationwide and online. We reserve the right to sell other products or services under the Arby’s
trademark or other trademarks using alternative channels of distribution in the future.
                                                  52
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
