                              STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
                    ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

1.     Arby’s Franchisor, LLC has been advised that the Securities Commissioner of the State of
       North Dakota has concluded the following to be unfair, unjust or inequitable to North Dakota
       franchisees, according to Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law
       (N.D.C.C.):

       A)      Restrictive Covenants: Franchise Disclosure Documents which disclose the
               existence of covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06,
               N.D.C.C., without also disclosing that such covenants will be subject to this statute.

       B)      Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties
               must agree to the arbitration of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of
               the franchisee’s business.

       C)      Restrictions on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the
               jurisdiction of courts outside North Dakota.

       D)      Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties:            Requiring North Dakota
               franchisees to consent to liquidated damages or termination penalties.

       E)      Applicable Laws: Franchise Agreements which specify that they are to be governed
               by the laws of the state other than North Dakota.

       F)      Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the
               waiver of a trial by jury.

       G)      Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to
               consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.

       H)      General Release upon renewal of franchise agreement.

       I)      Limitation of Claims: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to consent to
               a limitation of claims. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies.

Consequently, to the extent required by applicable North Dakota law, any references contained in this
Disclosure Document to the above items, shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the
franchisee as provided for in the N.D.C.C. Section 51-19-09.
In addition, the following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17 of the disclosure document:

       No statement, questionnaire, or Acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
       connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
       of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in
       the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise
       seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision supersedes any other
       term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.



                                                E-7
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
