                                                                              Restaurant # __________________
                                                                                     DA# __________________

        3:1:4   ROYALTY FEE CREDITS

                Arby’s may designate certain promotional or premium items (other than Licensed Products)
                sold by Franchisee as eligible for royalty fee credits. Any such designation will be made in
                writing by Arby’s. Arby’s will provide the necessary application form and procedures that
                must be followed by Franchisee in order to apply for the royalty fee credits. The amount of
                the credit will be calculated by applying the royalty fee percentage rate to the actual invoice
                cost of previously-designated promotional or premium items, including actual freight-in
                charges paid by Franchisee and excluding returns and allowances from suppliers. In order to
                receive the credit, Franchisee must complete and return on a timely basis the application
                form with all the required supporting documentation. The approved amount of royalty fee
                credit, if any, will be reported to Franchisee and then may be applied by Franchisee towards
                future royalty fee payments.

        3:1:5   PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER

                Arby’s has the right in its sole judgment to require that each payment of royalties and the
                advertising and marketing service fee set forth in Article 10:2:2 below be made via
                electronic funds transfer (“EFT”). Franchisee will, upon execution of this Franchise
                Agreement or any time thereafter at Arby’s request, execute all documents or forms as
                Arby’s determines are necessary for Arby’s to process EFT withdrawals from Franchisee’s
                bank account(s) for such payments. Arby’s, its affiliate or AFA Service Corporation (or its
                successor), as applicable, will have the right to withdraw the entire amount due from
                Franchisee’s designated bank account(s) in accordance with the terms of the Manual or such
                documents. Franchisee agrees that in the event Franchisee fails to provide the Gross Sales
                and transactions data as described in Article 3:1:1, Arby’s may withdraw an amount based
                upon estimated sales from Franchisee’s designated bank account(s), provided that Arby’s
                shall notify Franchisee (which notification may be made by way of an email message to the
                Franchisee’s email address of record on file with Arby’s) of its intention to make such a
                withdrawal, including the estimated amount due, no less than five (5) business days prior to
                making any such withdrawal. Further, Franchisee agrees that it will be responsible for: (i)
                any EFT transfer fee(s) or similar charges imposed by its bank; and (ii) any EFT payments
                that are not honored by Franchisee’s bank for any reason, plus any service charges applied
                by Arby’s and/or the bank. It will be a default of this Franchise Agreement if Franchisee
                closes its designated bank account(s) without Arby’s prior written consent, or if Franchisee
                closes such account(s) with Arby’s prior written consent and fails within a reasonable time
                thereafter, not to exceed five (5) business days, to establish another bank account and
                execute all documents necessary for Arby’s to process the payments by EFT from such new
                bank account. Arby’s reserves the right to require Franchisee to make payments pursuant to
                any other payment system that may be established in the future, including a system set up in
                accordance with Article 5:4. Franchisee agrees to maintain funds in the aforementioned
                designated bank account(s) to cover any withdrawals.

3:2     BUSINESS RECORDS AND AUDIT

        Franchisee must maintain, and retain for three (3) years, each of the following:

        (i) all records of sales, advertising and marketing expenses and other operating accounts of the
        Franchised Business; (ii) monthly remittance reports; (iii) sales journal reports that document how
        monthly sales reported to Arby’s are calculated, including, but not limited to, calculation of Gross
        Sales, net sales, sales taxes, voids, refunds, discounts, coupons, gift cards redeemed and sold, actual
                                                      4
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement
1625640324.5
