                                 ITEM 17
         RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.

                             THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

          Provision      Section in Agreement                            Summary
 a.   Length of the      Section 14:1 of FA;    For Traditional Restaurants: Term is up to 20 years, but
      franchise term     Section 3 of MBA       may be less if your lease is shorter than 20 years or you
                                                purchase an existing company-owned Restaurant and we
                                                do not own the property; or purchase an existing
                                                franchisee’s Restaurant, in which case, you will either
                                                receive the balance of the term under the existing FA or a
                                                20-year term. In addition, if you are converting an
                                                existing building into a new Arby’s, you may receive up to
                                                a full 20-year term or a term equal to your lease expiration
                                                date, dependent upon the scope of the approved remodel
                                                that you perform.

                                                For Non-Traditional Restaurants: Term is equal to the
                                                shorter of 10 years or the term of your lease with the
                                                applicable airport authority, stadium or arena, or length of
                                                the lease for the Franchised Premises.

                            Section 2 of DA     Negotiated depending on the plan of development.
 b.   Renewal or         Section 14:2 of FA     If you meet our approval criteria (including a full remodel
      extension of the                          and a General Release, see Exhibit F), you may receive a
      term                                      Successor FA (which will be the standard form FA,
                                                including the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations,
                                                then current as of 12 months prior to the expiration date of
                                                the FA and may have materially different terms and
                                                conditions than your previous FA). The Successor term is
                                                stated in the FA but is generally up to 20 years for a
                                                Traditional Franchise and up to 10 years or coterminous
                                                with the lease not to exceed 10 years for a Non-Traditional
                                                Franchise. We will not grant you a Successor FA for a
                                                term that exceeds the period of time that you are entitled to
                                                maintain possession of the Franchised Premises.

                         Section 3 of MBA       You must satisfy the renewal conditions set forth in, and
                                                be in compliance with, the Franchise Agreement and, if we
                                                require, renew or extend the term of the Other Franchise
                                                Agreement(s).

                         Section 17 of DA       We will negotiate a new DA with you if you’ve notified us
                                                of your intent; the current DA is in effect and not in default
                                                under any agreement with us.


                                                57
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
