loyalty and similar programs. If you choose to participate in the optional Arby’s Order Ahead
Platform, you also must acquire the payment and other hardware, the merchant and processor
contracts, and the related technology.

Your POS system, computer systems and other technology systems generate and store sales,
employee, inventory, cost, speed of service, configuration, and other operations-level data.

We estimate the cost of purchasing the POS system with applicable software will range from $32,000
to $55,000, and the cost of purchasing a computer system with the specified requirements will range
from $1,100 to $2,000. There is also an annual fee related to the ongoing maintenance and support
for the POS system that ranges from $5,000 to $10,000 per year. If you choose to participate in the
optional Arby’s Order Ahead Platform then you must sign the then-current form of participation
agreement and you will make the ongoing payments described in Item 6 to IRB, our affiliate, and to
the approved vendors for the services they provide for the platform. Otherwise, neither we, our
affiliate or any third party has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades,
updates or support contracts related to any of these systems. Due to varying market conditions and
vendors, we are unable to estimate the cost of any ongoing maintenance, updates, upgrades or support
contracts for your Restaurant’s POS and computer systems.

We have unlimited, independent access to the information that your POS system and other internet-
connected technology systems (such as drive-thru timers) generate and store. For clarity’s sake, we
will not access individual employee personal data (including contact information, social security
numbers, rate of pay or similar information) without your consent or a legal requirement. You must
ensure that your POS system and internet-connected technology systems are online and available for
access. You also must comply with any standards we periodically implement for upgrades and
updates to the POS and computer systems, and no contract limits the frequency or cost of this
obligation.

Most companies, including our company and our franchisees, are dependent on information
technology and functional application systems. Without them, we could not accept orders, schedule
and process manufacturing of products, arrange for delivery, accept payments, process invoices, or
pay employees. Telephone systems, the Internet, electronic banking, and other mainstays of the
modern economy all can affect your business if not operating properly. We continually work on
computer and technology issues to maintain a state of compliance with the various POS and/or other
computer and technology system requirements for company-owned Arby’s Restaurants. We also
may occasionally provide guidance to assist franchisees with technology strategy development,
planning, investment and vendor resolution matters. However, you alone are responsible for
analyzing, addressing, fixing, and assuring your own POS and technology compliance, including any
required Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance. You should assemble a team to understand the
POS and related technology problems within your business. The team should include senior
businesspeople with a broad understanding of the operations as well as a senior information
technology person. You must get your full management support to thoroughly understand what your
business needs are and to understand the inherent risks associated with information technology. You
should implement contingency plans if you encounter problems with your POS and other information
systems that would include mapping out how your company can function if your systems
fail. (Sections 3:2 and 5:4 of the FA)



                                                47
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
