       of the facility, local rental rates, landlord’s work, tenant improvement allowance and other
       factors. Usually, the landlord requires payment of first and last month’s rent in advance and
       a security deposit equal to one to 3 months’ rent.

(18)   This covers the estimated cost of business permits and licenses, utility deposits, taxes and
       other prepaid expenses.

(19)   We relied on our, our affiliates’, and our predecessors’ over 60 years of experience in
       developing, operating and franchising Arby’s Restaurants to prepare the estimate for
       additional funds and other estimates in this table. You should review these figures carefully
       with a business advisor, your accountant and/or your attorney before deciding to acquire the
       franchise. The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service
       obligation. Except for the security deposit under a real property lease, which typically is
       refundable if you comply with the lease’s terms, none of the payments is likely to be
       refundable, although this may depend on your negotiations with others. Neither we nor our
       affiliates offer financing for any part of the initial investment. The availability and terms of
       financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your
       creditworthiness and collateral and the lending policies of financial institutions from which
       you request a loan.

       Your investment will depend on many factors, including how closely you follow our methods
       and procedures; your management skills, experience and business acumen; local economic
       conditions; local real estate and construction costs; the local market for our product; the
       prevailing wage rate; professional service fees; competition, and the sales level reached during
       the initial period. Some costs are annual expenditures, while other costs are one-time
       expenditures.

(20)   If we permit you to develop an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may incur
       additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial franchise fee, initial
       training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture, equipment, initial inventory,
       and other expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs to establish each applicable
       Other Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document. You may pay
       less than the cumulative total estimated initial investments for both an Arby’s Restaurant and
       Other Restaurant if certain expenses, such as rent and insurance, overlap.

                                   ITEM 8
              RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

In order to establish a uniform image and uniform quality of product and services throughout the
Arby’s Restaurant network, you must operate and maintain the Restaurant according to the Manual
and our standards. Our standards may regulate, among other things, the equipment and other products
and services you use to operate the Restaurant, designated or approved suppliers of these items, and
required or authorized products and services your Restaurant offers. We issue and modify standards
based on our, our affiliates’ and our franchisees’ experience in operating and franchising Arby’s
Restaurants. We will notify you in the Manual, on our extranet at www.myarbys.com or its successor,
or in other written communications of our standards and the names of some of our designated and
approved suppliers. We also provide our relevant standards and specifications to approved suppliers,
either directly or through ARCOP, Inc. (“ARCOP”), a non-profit supply chain cooperative for the
Arby’s Restaurant network.
                                                  35
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
