          Provision       Section in Agreement                            Summary
                                                 comply with your DA Contract Schedule; you attempt to
                                                 assign your DA without our prior written approval; you
                                                 transfer any interest without our prior written approval; you
                                                 materially misrepresent any submitted documentation; you
                                                 violate any provision of the DA; termination by us of any
                                                 FA or other agreement with Developer; you fail to cure any
                                                 default within time period specified by us.
 i.   Franchisee’s        Section 15:3 of FA     You must immediately cease operating or using, or
      obligations on                             permitting use of (a) the Arby’s trademarks, (b) all
      termination/nonre                          advertising, promotional material and programs, menu
      newal                                      boards, signs, supplies, uniforms, (c) the Franchised know-
                                                 how, (d) the Manual, and (e) our exterior building design.
                                                 You must return the Manual (if you have a hard copy) and
                                                 immediately de-identify the Franchised Premises. You
                                                 may be required by us to make alterations and
                                                 modifications to your restaurant and its premises as is
                                                 necessary to distinguish its appearance from other Arby’s
                                                 restaurants.

                          Section 15:5, 15:1:1   We have the right, but not the obligation, at our election
                          and 15:1:2 of FA       and in addition to all other remedies, to: (a) cure your
                                                 defaults under your lease/sublease or for any assets of the
                                                 Franchised Business, including fixtures, equipment, or
                                                 other personal property used by you in the Franchised
                                                 Business, at your expense, and (b) in cases where we
                                                 believe a condition of the Franchised Premises or any
                                                 product sold in the Franchised Premises poses a threat to
                                                 the health or safety of any customers, employees, or other
                                                 persons, we have the right, but not the obligation, to take
                                                 such action we deem necessary to protect the individuals
                                                 and the goodwill associated with the Trademarks and
                                                 system, including, we may require you to close and
                                                 suspend operations and correct such conditions, destroy or
                                                 remove any products that we suspect are causing a threat,
                                                 and/or allow us to enter without being guilty and liable for
                                                 trespass or tort and correct the condition(s). You are
                                                 responsible for all associated losses and expenses.

                          Section 14 of DA       All rights granted to you are extinguished immediately.
 j.   Assignment of       Section 21:1 of FA     No restriction on our right to assign your FA.
      contract by
      franchisor          Section 16 of DA       No restriction on our right to assign your DA.
 k.   “Transfer” by       Section 16:1 of FA     You cannot sell, assign, or transfer without our prior
      franchisee -                               written approval. This restriction includes transfer of FA,
      defined                                    assets, Franchised Business, legal composition of
                                                 corporation or partnership, or ownership in corporation or
                                                 partnership (stock).

                          Section 16 of DA       Includes the DA and rights granted.


                                                 60
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
