                                                                                      DA # ______________



        16.     ASSIGNMENT. This Development Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon Arby's, its successors and assigns. However, neither this Development Agreement nor any
of Developer's rights hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by Developer, directly or indirectly, by
operation of law or otherwise, without prior written approval from Arby's.

        17.     NEW DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT. If Developer wishes to negotiate a new
development agreement with Arby's with respect to further development of Arby's Restaurants in the
Territory, Developer must so advise Arby's in writing sixty (60) calendar days before the expiration date of
this Development Agreement or sixty (60) calendar days before the anticipated date of execution of the
Franchise Agreement for the final restaurant under the Development Schedule in the Contract Data
Schedule. Subject to receipt of such notice and so long as Developer has substantially complied with the
Development Agreement during the initial term, and at the expiration date of the Development Agreement,
and within twelve (12) months prior thereto, Developer is not and has not been in default in the performance
of any material obligation under this Development Agreement or any License or Franchise Agreement or
other agreement with Arby's, Arby's then will negotiate in good faith with Developer with respect to a new
development agreement during the remainder of the term of this Development Agreement.

        18.      NOTICES. All notices delivered pursuant to this Development Agreement shall be sent
by nationally recognized overnight courier or certified mail to the physical addresses set forth in the
Contract Data Schedule, or to such other physical addresses as Developer and Arby’s provide each other in
writing; provided, however, that Arby’s may also send notice to Developer at the email address(es) set forth
in the Contract Data Schedule, or such other email addresses as Developer may provide to Arby’s in writing.
All notices to Arby’s shall be sent to Arby’s, “Attention: Legal Department.”

        19.       GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM SELECTION. This Development Agreement shall
be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia. In the event of
any dispute concerning the parties' rights or obligations under this Development Agreement, Developer
agrees to file any suit against Arby's only in the federal or state court having jurisdiction where Arby's
principal office is then located.

         20.       DEVELOPER'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.                             Developer understands and
acknowledges that there are significant risks in any business venture and that the primary factor in
Developer's success or failure under this Development Agreement will be Developer's own efforts. In
addition, Developer acknowledges that Arby's and its representatives have made no representations to
Developer other than or inconsistent with the matters set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document
provided to Developer and that Developer has undertaken this venture solely in reliance upon the matters
set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document and Developer's own independent investigation of the merits
of this venture. Developer agrees that no past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator,
member, partner, stockholder, subsidiary, affiliate, controlling party, entity under common control,
ownership or management, vendor, service provider, agent, attorney or representative of Arby’s will have
any liability for (i) any of Arby’s obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this Development
Agreement, (ii) any claim against Arby’s based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between
Developer and Arby’s, or (iii) any claim against Arby’s based on any alleged unlawful act or omission.

        21.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Development Agreement, including the Contract Data
Schedule and all attached Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference, contains the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall not be modified except by
a written document executed by both parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the preceding
sentence is intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document.




                                                     6
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625640325.2
