Design Fees

At your request, our affiliate may develop a preliminary site layout (“PSL”) or a preliminary kitchen
layout (“PKL”) for your Restaurant. If our affiliate prepares a PSL and/or PKL for the Restaurant
you must pay our affiliate the then-current Kitchen Layout Design Fees and/or Site Design Fees as
applicable. Currently, the Site Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling Restaurant
and the Kitchen Layout Design Fee is $1,200 for a PKL for a new Restaurant and $750 for a PKL for
a remodeling Restaurant. Our affiliates only offer PSL services to Restaurants with drive-thrus.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate an Arby’s Restaurant
and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due under each
applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial fees described in this Item.
If you operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may qualify for one or more
incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.

If we permit you to operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must complete all
training required for the Other Restaurant(s) under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise
agreement in addition to the training required for the Arby’s Restaurant. You must also pay us any
training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional or specialized
training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand Location. We
currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses for any additional
or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2026.

Incentives

Standard Incentive. The standard (“Standard”) incentive program is designed to increase the
penetration and presence of the Arby’s brand. You may qualify to participate in the Standard
incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027 to develop
1 or more new Traditional Restaurants. You may also qualify to participate in the Standard incentive
program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027 to re-open 1 or
more Traditional Restaurants at a site we approve (without relocating it), and as of the date the
Development Agreement is signed, the Traditional Restaurant that you wish to re-open was
permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days. You also may qualify to participate in the Standard
incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment to an existing Development Agreement (see
Exhibit C-1) (the “Incentive Amendment”) and amend your existing Development Agreement on or
before March 31, 2027 to add 1 or more new Traditional Restaurants to your existing development
schedule.

Under the Standard incentive program, you must pay us a development fee of $12,500 for each new
Traditional Restaurant you agree to develop when you sign the new Development Agreement or
amendment to the existing Development Agreement.

If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your
affiliates) and us when you open or re-open the Traditional Restaurant, you open or re-open the
Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement (including the Development
Schedule), you submit development costs to us in the form we require within 120 days of opening the
Traditional Restaurant, and you build the Traditional Restaurant in the design, to the specifications,
                                                   22
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
