                                                                                        DA # ______________



succeeding period(s) shall be deemed satisfied to the extent of such excess number of Restaurants, up to
the total number of Restaurants specified in the Development Schedule.

         5.      LOCATION OF RESTAURANTS. Developer is responsible for locating proposed sites
within the Territory for each of the Restaurants contemplated in the Development Schedule; during the term
of this Development Agreement, Developer shall use its best efforts to locate suitable sites. Arby's may, in
its judgment, offer counseling and advice in site selection. In no event, however, shall Arby's be obligated
to loan money, guarantee leases, provide financing or otherwise become directly involved and/or obligated
to Developer or to any third party in respect of such site selection or development; these activities and
undertakings shall be the exclusive responsibility of Developer, financially and otherwise.

         6.       SITE ACCEPTANCE. Upon selection by Developer of a proposed site for a Restaurant,
Developer shall promptly submit to Arby's such specific site data and demographic and other information
concerning the site as may be reasonably required by Arby's, utilizing such forms as may be required by
Arby's. Arby's shall either accept or reject such site in accordance with Arby's then-current site selection
policies and procedures. To be effective, any acceptance must be in writing. Developer understands and
acknowledges that Arby's may reject any proposed site, in which event, Developer will not proceed at the
rejected site but will seek to locate an acceptable site. The acquisition in any manner of any proposed site
or the expenditure of any amount associated with any proposed site prior to written acceptance by Arby's
shall be at the sole risk and responsibility of Developer and shall not obligate Arby's, in any way, to accept
same.

         7.      DISCLAIMER. In executing this Development Agreement, accepting a proposed site,
giving approvals or advice, or providing services or assistance in connection with this Development
Agreement, Arby's does not guarantee the suitability of an accepted site or the success of any Arby's
Restaurant established at such site. Arby's expressly disclaims any warranties, express or implied, with
respect to the suitability of any site or the success of any Restaurant. Developer understands and
acknowledges that the suitability of a site and the success of any Restaurant depends on many factors
outside the control of either Arby's or Developer (such as interest rates, unemployment rates, demographic
trends, and the general economic climate), but principally depends on Developer's efforts in the operation
of the Restaurant.

         8.       LOCATION REQUIREMENTS. As a condition for accepting a proposed site, Arby's
may require Developer to negotiate a lease or sales contract that includes certain terms regarding duration
or other specified matters. Developer understands and acknowledges that a site acceptance may be
conditioned on such matters, and if Developer does not wish to or cannot satisfy the pertinent conditions
within a reasonable time, the site will be deemed rejected. If Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer)
will be leasing the site for its Restaurant, then promptly following Arby’s written approval of the site and
prior to Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer) becoming a lessee of the Franchised Premises, he/
she will provide Arby’s with a true, correct and complete copy of any such lease, which lease is subject to
Arby’s acceptance, which acceptance will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.
Additionally, Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer) will use its commercially reasonable best efforts
to include the following terms in its lease for the Franchised Premises: (i) a provision reserving to Arby’s
the right to receive an assignment of the lease upon termination (prior to expiration) of the Franchise
Agreement; (ii) a provision requiring the lessor concurrently to send Arby’s a copy of any written notice of
a lease default sent to Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer) and granting Arby’s the right (but not
the obligation) to cure any lease default within fifteen (15) business days after the expiration of Developer’s
(or a licensed entity of Developer’s) cure period; (iii) a provision evidencing their right to display the
Trademarks according to the specifications in the Arby’s Operating Standards Manual (“Manual”) (subject
only to applicable law); and (iv) provisions, in form satisfactory to Arby’s, expressly providing both
Developer (or a licensed entity of Developer) and Arby’s the ability to take all actions necessary in order


                                                      2
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625640325.2
