                                                                      Hours
                                                                                     Hours
                                                                     On-the-
                                        Subject                                    Classroom      Location
                                                                       Job
                                                                                    Training
                                                                     Training
                      Learning Curriculum
                      Courses 301+ 302
                      -   Critical Thinking Skills for Arby’s
                          Restaurant Managers
                      -   Leadership Skills for Arby’s
                          Restaurant Managers (Industry
                          techniques for successful leaders)
                      -   Establish high degree of proficiency in
Critical Thinking
                          the Manager in Charge role                                             An Arby’s
& Leadership
                      Requirements                                                               Restaurant
Skills Training (2                                                      96             0
                      -   Completion of curriculum within                                         that we
weeks)
                          Arby’s Learning Hub                                                    designate
Management Skills
                      -   Meet expectations as defined in
                          Weekly Review (end of week
                          appraisal)
                      -   Pass Knowledge Checks with 90% or
                          better
                      Demonstrate MIC Skills by passing
                      Management Observation Checklist with
                      90% or better
Totals                                                                 336             0

 The instructional materials are the online Arby’s Manual, webinars (electronic seminars on an internet
 portal), online videos, manuals, checklists, demonstrations, practice and quizzes. Some of this
 content is currently available through the online training platform. You will be required to have a
 broadband high-speed Internet connection and a personal computer (or tablet) capable of accessing
 the Internet and using the online training platform.

 The experience of the instructors that is relevant to the subjects taught and the operations of the Arby’s
 Restaurant system ranges from one to 30 years. There is no training fee for the programs described
 above for the first 2 participants from your first Restaurant and one participant from your second
 Restaurant, but you must pay the cost of transportation, room and board, and all other costs and
 expenses for you and your employees. After these first 4 participants have attended Arby’s Training
 Program, then you are responsible for any applicable training fees, along with the cost of
 transportation, room and board, and all other costs and expenses. We pay no compensation to you or
 your employees while in training.

 Typically, for the first and second Arby’s Restaurants that you open, we also provide on-site opening
 support.

 We may, in our sole judgment, specify additional training requirements, including supplemental or
 refresher training programs for you, your managers and/or employees. These additional training
 requirements may require that you pay our associated costs and expenses (including training fees).
 Currently we offer ongoing training through our Cornerstone Learning Management System.



                                                    50
 Arby’s | 2026 FDD
 1625640323.4
