process for approval or disapproval of a proposed supplier. We are not required to approve any
particular supplier or distributor and may only approve a single supplier or distributor (that may
include us or our affiliates) for certain items. We can refuse to approve any particular supplier or
distributor or an unreasonable number of suppliers and/or distributors for any particular item or
service in our sole judgment. We also may revoke our approval of any item or supplier by providing
notice to you.

Except as described above, you currently are not required to purchase or lease any goods, services,
supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware or software, real estate or comparable
items concerning the establishment or operation of the franchised business from us, our affiliates, or
our approved suppliers. However, you must purchase or lease the Restaurant’s point-of-sale and back
office computer systems, and all other products and services for your Restaurant, according to our
standards and specifications.

You may operate the Restaurant only from a site that we accept. We will provide you with standard
plans for an approved Restaurant building or layout, including specifications for fixtures, furnishings,
signs, and equipment. However, it is your responsibility to adapt these standard plans to the accepted
site and submit the proposed final working plans to us for approval. You must maintain the
Franchised Premises in good condition and state of repair as necessary to comply with and satisfy the
requirements of the manual. In addition, on or before the 10th anniversary of the date you sign the
Franchise Agreement, you must do a refresh and upgrade of the Franchised Premises so that the
Restaurant building conforms to our then current exterior building color specifications for new Arby’s
restaurants (without any structural changes) and the restaurant interior (including, the dining room,
furniture, fixtures, and equipment) are substantially consistent with the then current image of new
Arby’s restaurants. Before you begin the refresh and upgrade, you must submit to us proposed
specifications for our written approval.

Insurance

You must obtain and keep in full force and effect insurance covering your business and the
Restaurant’s premises naming us, our owners and affiliates (including Inspire Brands, Inc.), and AFA
(as long as membership is compulsory under the Franchise Agreement) as additional insureds. You
must obtain the insurance from a responsible insurance company licensed to do business in the state
in which the Restaurant is located and having an A.M. Best insurance rating of “A-” with a FSC
(Financial Size Category) rating of “X”. The commercial general liability insurance must provide
coverage on an occurrence basis for personal injury, bodily injury, property damage, product and
contractual liability in an amount of at least $1,000,000.

Interest in Approved Suppliers

Some of our officers own interests in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, and Inspire Brands owns
an interest in Checkmate.com, Inc. (one of our suppliers), so some of our officers have an indirect
interest in Checkmate.com, Inc. Except as disclosed above, there are no approved or designated
suppliers in which any of our officers or directors own an interest.




                                                  37
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
