                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

         5.       Personnel. Franchisee must ensure that all employees providing services to customers of the
Franchised Restaurant wear uniforms that are distinct from the uniforms and/or other apparel worn by the
employees providing services to customers of the Other Restaurants. Franchisor may at its option modify its
training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that are cross-trained to operate both
the Franchised Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, Franchisee must ensure that all employees
who provide services to the Franchised Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in the Franchised
Restaurant’s operation are properly trained to operate the Franchised Restaurant and otherwise satisfy
Franchisor’s requirements. Franchisee must pay Franchisor any training fees and additional expenses that
Franchisor incurs in connection with any additional or specialized training required for the Franchised
Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as multi-brand location.

        6.       Inspections and Audits. In order to determine Franchisee’s compliance with the Franchise
Agreement (including this Addendum), Franchisor shall have the right to inspect the Other Restaurants and
their operations, and audit the books and records associated with the Other Restaurants, in accordance with the
terms of the Franchise Agreement to the same extent that it may do so with respect to the Franchised
Restaurant, its operations, and its books and records. If Franchisee has Co-Operators operating the Other
Restaurants, Franchisee must ensure that those Co-Operators provide Franchisor the rights under this Section
6.

         7.     Refresh/Remodel of the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisor, at its option, may modify the
requirements for any required refresh or remodel of the Franchised Restaurant under the Franchise Agreement,
including by accelerating or deferring any due dates, in order to correlate with the development, remodel and/or
refresh requirements under any of the Other Franchise Agreements.

        8.      Relationship With Other Franchise Agreements. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor
granted Franchisee the rights under the Franchise Agreement and this Addendum in reliance upon, and that the
operation of the Franchised Restaurant under the Franchise Agreement is dependent on and inextricably
connected with, Franchisee’s (or its Co-Operators) operation of the Other Restaurants pursuant to and in
compliance with the Other Franchise Agreements. Therefore:

                (a)      Franchisee agrees to comply (or to cause Co-Operators to comply) with the Other
        Franchise Agreements in connection with the development and operation of the Other Restaurants
        (including with respect to paying amounts owed and complying with all applicable laws) and agrees
        that Franchisee’s (or any Co-Operator’s) failure to comply with any Other Franchise Agreement shall
        constitute a breach of, and a default under, the Franchise Agreement.

                 (b)     upon any proposed transfer (as defined in the Franchise Agreement, if applicable)
        involving any direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee or all or substantially all of the assets
        of the Franchised Restaurant, in addition to the conditions for Franchisor’s approval of that transfer
        under the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor may condition its consent to that transfer on the
        simultaneous transfer to the applicable assignee of other rights, obligations, assets and/or other
        interests associated with the Other Restaurants. Likewise, Franchisee (or, if applicable, its Co-
        Operators) may not transfer any direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee’s affiliate or all or
        substantially all of the assets of the Other Restaurants without the simultaneous transfer to the
        applicable assignee of other rights, obligations, assets and/or other interests associated with the
        Franchised Restaurant, which transfer shall be subject to Franchisor’s approval under the Franchise
        Agreement.

                (c)      Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement, effective upon delivery of written
        notice to Franchisee, if any Other Franchise Agreement expires (without a renewal or successor
        franchise with the Other Franchisors) or terminates (regardless of the reason), or if Franchisee (or, if

                                                     3
2026 Multi-Brand Location Addendum to Franchise Agreement
1625635754.2
