                                              ITEM 10
                                            FINANCING

We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guaranty your note, lease, or obligation.

                                 ITEM 11
      FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND
                                TRAINING

As noted in Item 1, we signed a management agreement for ARG to provide support and services to
Arby’s Restaurant franchisees. However, we remain responsible for all of the support and services
required under the Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement.

Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.

Pre-opening Obligations

Before you open your Restaurant, we will:

(1)    Designate a geographic area or specific location within which you may select a proposed site
       for our acceptance. (Section 1 of DA)

(2)    Offer you counseling and advice in site selection, including on-site visits to review potential
       sites and preparation of market analysis. (Section 5 of DA)

(3)    Review and accept or reject sites you propose. We generally do not own sites and lease them
       to franchisees, lease sites and sublease them to franchisees, or select sites for franchisees.
       Each proposed site must meet our then current site selection criteria for Arby’s Restaurants.
       You may only locate the Restaurant at a site we have accepted. You must submit to us the
       specific site data and demographic and other information concerning the proposed site as we
       reasonably require, using forms we reasonably require. This data includes a current scale map
       of the city/town, area income analysis, traffic counts, site description and plot plan on site,
       color photos, area competition information, and building and signage plans. When reviewing
       sites we will consider the factors we deem appropriate, such as demographic characteristics,
       access, traffic patterns, parking, visibility, competition, character of market, other commercial
       characteristics, and the proposed site’s size, appearance and other physical characteristics. We
       do not guarantee the suitability or success of the accepted site. We generally respond to
       proposed site acceptance requests within 30 calendar days. We may reject any proposed site,
       and if this happens, you must seek and present an alternative proposed site for our acceptance
       or rejection. If we and you cannot agree on a site or you do not open the Restaurant on or
       before the deadline in the Development Schedule, we may terminate your Development
       Agreement. (Sections 6 and 7 of DA)

(4)    Approve a lease that meets our requirements. After we have accepted the proposed site, you
       must obtain control of the site either by lease or purchase. You must obtain our approval of
       your proposed lease or financing arrangement for the site, and you must provide a complete
       copy to us. You must use your commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the lease or
       financing arrangement to contain designated provisions intended to protect our interests in the
       leased premises. (Section 8 of DA and Section 1:1:1 of FA)
                                                  41
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
