(5)    Provide standard plans for the approved building or layout, including specifications for
       equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and signs. You must hire an architect and general contractor
       to adapt these standard plans to the accepted site and submit final working plans to us for our
       approval within the time periods we set. It is your responsibility to obtain necessary zoning
       and construction approvals and permits, architectural services, and contracts for building
       construction or remodeling and equipment, all according to the final building and equipment
       plans we approve. You may not proceed with construction or remodeling until you have
       received our approval of the final working plans. We may also permit you to convert an
       existing building into a new free-standing Traditional Restaurant. You must submit actual
       construction costs to us within 120 days of project completion. If we permit you to operate
       the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and construct, and/or make
       modifications to the Restaurant’s layout, design, equipment and fixtures that we periodically
       specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location, and you must notify
       customers, and the design and layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that
       the operation of the Other Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the Restaurant.
       (Section 9 of DA and Section 4(a) of MBA)

(6)    Sign and deliver the Franchise Agreement to you after you pay all required fees and perform
       all required obligations under the Development Agreement, if you meet our then current
       franchising policies and procedures for the issuance of Franchise Agreements. You must sign
       the Franchise Agreement and pay the initial franchise fee (if any) on the earlier of either 90
       days before the scheduled opening or the start of construction. You will sign our then current
       form of Franchise Agreement for each Arby’s Restaurant you develop in the Territory, which
       currently is the form of Franchise Agreement in this disclosure document but could in the
       future differ from that form. However, if you fully comply with the Development Agreement,
       each Franchise Agreement that the Development Agreement covers will reflect the royalty
       and franchise fee specified in the Development Agreement. (Section 11 of DA)

(7)    Provide specifications and names of approved suppliers for opening inventory, supplies, and
       related materials. We do not currently provide items directly, but will provide the names of
       approved suppliers for some items and written specifications for some items. We do not
       deliver or install any items. (Section 7:2 of FA)

(8)    Consider for approval proposed new specifications and suppliers. (Section 7:2:1 of FA)

(9)    Provide an overview of the Arby’s system and our administrative corporate support according
       to the “New Franchisee Orientation.” We describe training later in this Item. (Section 10 of
       DA)

(10)   Provide the Arby’s Training Program. We describe this training in detail later in this Item.
       (Section 10 of DA and 6:2 of FA)

(11)   Approximately 10 weeks before your Restaurant opens, provide you with an electronic copy
       of the Manual, which may include audio, video, computer software, other electronic media,
       written materials, written directives in multiple forms including online postings on the Arby’s
       System extranet (i.e. www.myarbys.com or its successor), email and/or other electronic
       communications, facsimiles, or any other medium capable of conveying the Manual’s
       contents. The Manual, among other things, identifies the licensed trademarks and contains
       mandatory and suggested standards, specifications, operating procedures, and rules we specify
                                                 42
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
