Before signing the Franchise Agreement, you must sign a Development Agreement (Exhibit C). If
you will open only one Arby’s Restaurant, the Development Agreement covers the process for your
constructing the Restaurant and the training we provide. If you will open multiple Arby’s Restaurants,
then the Development Agreement will specify the number of Arby’s Restaurants you will develop
over a specified period (the “Development Schedule”) and the territory within which you will develop
them (the “Territory”). You will sign our then current form of Franchise Agreement for each Arby’s
Restaurant you develop in the Territory, which currently is the form of Franchise Agreement in this
disclosure document but could in the future differ from that form. However, if you fully comply with
the Development Agreement, each Franchise Agreement that the Development Agreement covers
will reflect the royalty and franchise fee specified in the Development Agreement.

Multi-Brand Locations

We have an arrangement with Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc., Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising
LLC, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC, Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC, and Sonic Franchising
LLC (each an “Other Franchisor”) whereby we, together with the applicable Other Franchisor(s), may
offer certain qualified prospects the right to develop and operate an Arby’s Restaurant at the same
location as, and in combination with, a Buffalo Wild Wings® sports bar, BWW GO® restaurant,
Dunkin’® restaurant, Baskin-Robbins® restaurant, Jimmy John’s® restaurant, and/or Sonic®
restaurant (collectively, the “Other Restaurants” and together with an Arby’s Restaurant, the “Multi-
Brand Location”).

Each Multi-Brand Location will offer and sell a range of products authorized to be sold under Arby’s
Restaurant system and Trademarks, and the franchise system and trademarks of the Other
Franchisor(s). The Arby’s Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) operating from the Multi-Brand
Location may require separate point of sale systems, employees, uniforms, branding, and more for
each restaurant.

To operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you (and/or your affiliate) must (i) enter
into a Franchise Agreement and the Multi-Brand Addendum attached to this disclosure document as
Exhibit D-3 (the “Multi-Brand Addendum” or “MBA”) with us for the operation of an Arby’s
Restaurant, and (ii) enter into a franchise and multi-brand addendum for the applicable Other
Restaurant(s) with each applicable Other Franchisor for the operation of the Other Restaurant
(collectively, each an “Other Franchise Agreement”). We will not grant you the right to operate an
Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location unless each applicable Other Franchisor grants you the
right to operate the Other Restaurant and permits that Other Restaurant to be operated at a Multi-
Brand Location. The terms of each Other Franchisor’s franchise offering, franchise agreement, and
related agreements are disclosed in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document, which you
must obtain from that Other Franchisor.

Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures in this disclosure document apply to Arby’s Restaurants that
are operated at Multi-Brand Locations.

Market and Competition

Your Restaurant will offer products and services to the general public throughout the year and
compete with other national and regional chains and local restaurants that sell similar products and
services. This market is well developed and very competitive.

                                                  2
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
