                              ARBY’S FRANCHISOR, LLC AND SUBSIDIARY
                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value measurements are based on observable and
unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources, while unobservable inputs
reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into the following hierarchy:

      Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

      Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
      assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
      significant value drivers are observable.

      Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little,
      if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant
      management judgment or estimation.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on the reported results of operations.

Contributions from and Distributions to Member

Contributions from and distributions to Member principally result from transactions with the Member conducted in
accordance with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company
presents contributions from and distributions to Member on a net basis on the statements of member's equity and on a net
basis as a financing activity on the statements of cash flows.

New Accounting Pronouncements

The Company reviewed all newly issued accounting pronouncements and concluded that they either are not applicable to the
Company's operations or that no material effect is expected on the Company's consolidated financial statements when
adoption is required in the future.




                                                           - 10 -
