                            ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Indefinite-lived Intangibles and Other Definite-lived Assets

Indefinite-lived Intangibles

The Company reviews indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually as of the first day of the fourth
quarter and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived
intangible asset may not be recoverable. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence
of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived
intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair
value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a quantitative
impairment test. If such reviews indicate the intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for
the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset. The Company uses the relief from royalty
method to determine the fair value of its trademark/trade name. Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining
fair value include future revenues, the royalty rate, terminal value, and a discount rate.

During the fourth quarter of the years 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company completed its impairment test for its indefinite-
lived intangible asset and no impairment was indicated.

Definite-lived Assets

Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of
intangible assets.

The Company reviews definite-lived assets, including operating lease assets, property and equipment, and intangible assets
subject to amortization for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset group may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their carrying value exceeds the undiscounted
cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset groups. If the asset groups are not deemed to be recoverable,
impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.

For the purposes of impairment testing for Company-owned restaurants, the Company reviews definite-lived assets of such
individual restaurants (primarily property and equipment and operating lease assets) that it intends to continue operating for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be
recoverable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of these restaurant assets by comparing the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows over the remaining useful life of the primary asset, which are based on the Company's restaurant-specific
assumptions, to the carrying value of such assets. For restaurant assets that may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is
recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value. The Company uses unobservable inputs (Level 3) to
determine the fair value of its asset groups. Fair value is an estimate of the price a market participant would pay for the
restaurant and its related assets, including any operating lease assets, and is determined by discounting the estimated future
cash flows of the restaurant, which include a deduction for royalties the Company would receive under a franchise
agreement with terms substantially at market. The cash flows incorporate reasonable assumptions that the Company believes
a franchisee would make such as sales growth and margin improvement. The discount rate used in the fair value calculation
is an estimate of the required rate of return that a franchisee would expect to receive when purchasing a similar restaurant
and the related definite-lived assets. The discount rate incorporates rates of return for historical refranchising market
transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.

Management judgment is necessary to estimate future cash flows, including cash flows from continuing use, terminal value,
sublease income and refranchising proceeds. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from the Company's
estimates.

For the years ended December 28, 2025, December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded impairment
charges of operating lease assets and other definite-lived assets for its Company-owned restaurants. The impairment charges
were recorded within "Impairment charges" on the Company’s consolidated statements of income.

Debt Issuance Costs

Debt issuance costs are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related "Long-term debt, net" or as an asset in "Other assets" related to line-of-credit arrangements and are amortized as
interest expense over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method.




                                                             -9-
