the current version of which is attached to the Franchise Agreement. In most instances, we determine
your Co-op using the “Designated Market Area” (“DMA”) county coverage designation method
found in the applicable Co-op Bylaws. Each Arby’s Restaurant’s contribution is determined by the
television coverage/spill received within that county and indexed against the county receiving the
highest percentage of coverage, all as measured by Nielsen Media Research, Inc. Once formed, we
do not have the power to change, dissolve, or merge Co-ops. You and the other members of the Co-
op will administer the Co-op. The Co-op engages the services of an advertising agency or media-
buying service to assist in the administration of Co-op meetings and an accounting firm handles the
Co-op contributions from each Arby’s Restaurant. However, we do assist the Co-ops in the collection
of past due Co-op dues that amount to a default under the applicable Franchise Agreements. The Co-
op currently must pay talent residual fees when commercials are aired in the Co-op’s market, but
AFA pays the talent residual fees for national commercials.

The Co-op must operate from written Co-op Bylaws, which typically are approved by a majority vote
of the Co-op membership. Each member has one vote for each Arby’s Restaurant that the member
operates in the Co-op’s market. Participating members of the Co-op and prospective franchisees may
review the Co-op Bylaws if a Co-op is functioning in the DMA in question.

Each Co-op typically prepares annual income tax returns and periodic financial statements that are
presented at each Co-op meeting and are considered proprietary. We do not have any control over
Co-op contributions that are not spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue; each local Co-op votes
on how to handle excess funds.

We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in the area or territory where your
Restaurant is located unless we have company-owned Arby’s Restaurants in the area or territory and
participate in the same Co-op as you. We do not use any of the fees paid to AFA or a Co-op to solicit
the sale of franchises.

If you qualify, the Standard incentive program will not impact your Traditional Restaurant’s required
contributions for Local Cooperative Area Advertising. You must contribute the amount that the
cooperative requires. If you operate a Non-Traditional Restaurant, we do not require you to
participate in a Local Cooperative Area Advertising program. (Sections 10 and 11 of FA,
Non-Traditional Restaurant Amendment to the Franchise Agreement)

Technology and Computer Systems

You must satisfy our minimum technology requirements including for the point of sale (“POS”)
system, at the Restaurant. Our technology requirements, as we may periodically modify them, can
be found in the Manual. Currently, the POS system you must use is the PAR Brink software platform,
including our approved hardware, software, network and support platforms for the POS system,
kitchen system, and other appropriately connected devices. In addition, you must use our designated
credit card payment gateway software and our designated vendor for credit and debit card processing
and related services. You must process all sales, regardless of payment type, through the POS system.
You will also need a Windows-based personal computer with broadband internet connection, sound
and graphics capabilities, and printer, located in the Restaurant to meet our functionality, performance
and informational requirements, maintain and submit any other reports we require, receive
communications from us (including those posted on the extranet at www.myarbys.com or its
successor), remit royalty and advertising payments, and participate in guest recovery, customer
                                                  46
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
