                                                                                      Restaurant # ____________
                                                                                          DA # ______________


                ii.      In addition, if you qualify for the Relocation Incentive by satisfying the conditions
                listed in (a) through (d) of subsection (i) above, and the Restaurant opens on or before
                December 31, 2028, we will also provide you with a royalty credit equal to $50,000.

                iii.    If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) of subsection (i)
                above, the Relocation Incentive program described in this Section will not apply to the
                Relocated Restaurant.

        4.       Early Opening Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee qualifies for
the Standard incentive program] If you meet the requirements of the Standard Incentive, and you open and
begin operating the Restaurant in accordance with the DA and the Franchise Agreement before the Opening
Deadline, then the royalty fee will be zero percent (0%) from the date you open the Restaurant until the Opening
Deadline (not to exceed six (6) months), and then the applicable royalty rate shall apply. If you open the
Restaurant on or after the Opening Deadline, the Early Opening Incentive described in this Section will not
apply to the Restaurant.

         5.       VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Franchisee or its owner(s) qualify for the
VetFran Program.] If: (a) you are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or
had an affiliate that signed, a development agreement or franchise agreement (except for the DA and any
franchise agreements signed under the DA) with us and who qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement to
develop one Arby’s Restaurant, (b) you open and begin operating the Restaurant in accordance with the DA
and Franchise Agreement on or before the date identified as the “date by which the Restaurant must be opened
and continuously operating for business in the Territory” in the Development Schedule, (c) you provide to us
a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that
you spent in various categories relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant in accordance with
Section 9 of the DA, and (d) you build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location
approved by us in accordance with the DA, then we agree to in addition to the above provisions, we agree to
credit an amount equal to $10,000 towards the royalty fees owed under the Franchise Agreement. If you fail
to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the VetFran incentive program described in this
Section will not apply to the Restaurant.

        6.      Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this reference. For
the avoidance of doubt, all references in this Amendment to a Development Schedule, Opening Deadline, or
any other required opening date shall refer to such date(s) as of the effective date of the applicable
agreement. If we agree to any subsequent modification to, or amendment of, the Development Schedule,
Opening Deadline, or any other required opening date, such modification or amendment shall not modify,
amend, or otherwise extend any deadlines set forth in this Amendment. This Amendment is an amendment to,
and forms a part of, the Franchise Agreement. If there is an inconsistency between this Amendment and the
Franchise Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall control. This Amendment, together with the
Franchise Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties hereto, and there are no other oral or
written representations, understandings or agreements among them, relating to the subject matter of this
Amendment. Except as specifically provided in this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions and provisions
of the Franchise Agreement will remain in full force and effect as originally written and signed.
                                               [signature page to follow]




                                                      4
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit D-1 – Incentives Amendment to Franchise Agreement
1625639524.2
