Industry-Specific Laws and Regulations

You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations applicable to the operation of
restaurants, such as the following: labor and employment laws and regulations; health, sanitation,
food handling, food preparation, and waste disposal laws and regulations; smoking restrictions; anti-
solicitation practices (including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, CAN-SPAM Act, and the
Telemarketing Sales Rule); and consumer pricing advertising, menu, and point-of-sale disclosures
(such as statements concerning the nutritional and dietary characteristics of the food served at your
business). You must also comply with all other laws, regulations, ordinances, and licensing
requirements that apply generally to all businesses. It is your responsibility to investigate and comply
with all laws, regulations, ordinances, and licensing requirements that may affect your operations,
and to investigate the need for obtaining and maintaining all licenses and permits necessary to open
and operate. We encourage you to make additional inquiries into these laws, regulations, ordinances,
and licensing requirements and to obtain the assistance of legal counsel.

Our Predecessor and Certain Arby’s Affiliates

One of our parent companies is Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (“ARG”). ARG’s principal business
address is the same as our address. ARG offered franchises for Arby’s Restaurants and T.J.
Cinnamon’s® restaurants (described below) from May 2006 until November 2015. ARG has never
operated an Arby’s Restaurant or offered franchises in any other line of business. Under a
securitization financing transaction that closed in November 2015 (the “Securitization Transaction”),
ARG transferred all of the then existing franchise agreements and related agreements for Arby’s
Restaurants to us, and we became the franchisor of all existing and future franchise and related
agreements. As part of the Securitization Transaction, ARG signed a management agreement with
us to provide the required support and services to Arby’s franchisees under their franchise agreements.
ARG also acts as our franchise sales agent. We pay management fees to ARG for these services.
However, as the franchisor, we are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all services
we promise to perform under your Franchise Agreement or other agreement you sign with us are
performed in compliance with the applicable agreement, regardless of who performs these services
on our behalf.

In addition, our affiliate, IRB Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation, (“IRB”) is an approved supplier
of the Arby’s Order Ahead Platform described in Item 8. IRB has never operated any Arby’s
Restaurants or offered franchises in any other line of business, and IRB’s principal business address
is the same as our address.

Other current and former affiliates have in the past offered franchises for other restaurant concepts,
including T.J. Cinnamon’s stores, which served baked goods. All remaining T.J. Cinnamon’s stores
closed in 2019.

Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs

Another of our parent companies is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire Brands”), whose principal business
address is the same as ours. Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand restaurant company, launched
upon completion of the merger between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a parent of the Buffalo Wild
Wings brand in February 2018. Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed below are our affiliates who
own and administer the network of franchised and company-owned restaurants operating under the
Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, Buffalo Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy John’s, Sonic, Dunkin’ and Baskin-
                                                   3
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
