                           ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Company holds restricted cash which primarily represents interest, principal, and commitment fee reserves related to
the Company’s notes. In accordance with the Company’s securitized financing facilities, certain cash balances are required
to be held for the benefit of the noteholders and are restricted in their use.

Accounts and Notes Receivable, net

The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
franchise agreements, including contributions due to advertising funds it consolidates. These receivables from franchisees
are due within 30 days of the period in which the corresponding sales occur and are classified as "Accounts and notes
receivable, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card receivables for sales to customers in Company-owned
restaurants are also included. The Company monitors accounts and notes receivable and estimates the allowance for credit
losses based upon the lifetime expected loss on receivables. These estimates are based on historical collection experience as
well as other factors, including those related to current market conditions and events. While the Company uses the best
information available in making its determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon
future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond its control.

Property and Equipment, net

Property and equipment are stated at cost, including internal costs of employees to the extent such employees are dedicated
to specific restaurant construction projects, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of property and
equipment is computed on the straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related major classes of property and
equipment. Estimated useful lives are 3 to 15 years for office and restaurant equipment, 3 to 5 years for transportation
equipment, 7 to 40 years for buildings and 7 to 25 years for site improvements. Finance lease assets and leasehold
improvements are amortized and depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective
leases including periods covered by renewal options that the Company is reasonably assured of exercising.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The
Company tests goodwill by reporting unit for impairment annually, as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired.

The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a
determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the
qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test of goodwill. The Company estimates the fair value of the
reporting unit using an income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs (Level 3) and
relevant data from the guideline transaction approach and guideline public companies market approach (Level 3).
Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues and cash flows, terminal
values, discount rates that approximate the reporting units' weighted average cost of capital and a selection of multiples for
comparable publicly traded companies as guidelines for determining fair value under the market approach.

During the fourth quarter of the years 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company completed its impairment test for goodwill and no
impairment was indicated.




                                                          -8-
