                                                                                Restaurant # __________________
                                                                                       DA# __________________

guaranteed, protest, notices of dishonor, notices of default to any party with respect to the indebtedness or
nonperformance of any obligations hereby guaranteed, and any other notices and legal or equitable defenses
to which he, she or it may be entitled. Arby’s shall have no present or future duty or obligation to the
undersigned under this Guaranty, and each of the undersigned waives any right to claim or assert any such
duty or obligation, to discover or disclose to the undersigned any information, financial or otherwise,
concerning Franchisee, any other guarantor, or any collateral securing any obligations of Franchisee to
Arby’s. Without affecting the obligations of the undersigned under this Guaranty, Arby’s may, without
notice to the undersigned, extend, modify, supplement, waive strict compliance with, or release all or any
provisions of the Agreement or any indebtedness or obligation of Franchisee, or settle, adjust, release, or
compromise any claims against Franchisee or any other guarantor, make advances for the purpose of
performing any obligations of Franchisee under the Agreement, and/or assign the Agreement or the right to
receive any sum payable under the Agreement, and the undersigned each hereby jointly and severally waive
notice of same. The undersigned expressly acknowledge that the obligations hereunder survive the
expiration or termination of the Agreement.

         E.      In addition, the undersigned each waive any defense arising by reason of any of the
following: (a) any disability, counterclaim, right of set-off or other defense of Franchisee, (b) any lack of
authority of Franchisee with respect to the Agreement, (c) the cessation from any cause whatsoever of the
liability of Franchisee, (d) any circumstance whereby the Agreement shall be void or voidable as against
Franchisee or any of its creditors, including a trustee in bankruptcy of Franchisee, by reason of any fact or
circumstance, (e) any event or circumstance that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge of
the undersigned’s obligations hereunder, except that the undersigned do not waive any defense arising from
the due performance by Franchisee of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, (f) any right or claim of
right to cause a marshaling of the assets of Franchisee or any other guarantor, and (g) any act or omission of
Franchisee.

        F.       If Arby’s is required to enforce this Guaranty in a judicial proceeding, and prevails in such
proceeding, Arby’s shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including, but not limited to,
reasonable accountants’, attorneys’, attorneys’ assistants’, and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and
proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses, and travel and living expenses, whether incurred prior to,
in preparation for, or in contemplation of the filing of any such proceeding. If Arby’s is required to engage
legal counsel in connection with any failure by the undersigned to comply with this Guaranty, the
undersigned shall reimburse Arby’s for any of the above-listed costs and expenses it incurs.

         G.      Each of the undersigned agrees that all actions arising under this Guaranty or the Agreement,
or otherwise as a result of the relationship between Arby’s and the undersigned, must be brought exclusively
in the federal or state court of general jurisdiction located closest to our then current principal office at the
time that the action is brought. Each of the undersigned irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of those
courts and waives any objection he, she or it might have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in those courts.
Nonetheless, each of the undersigned agrees that Arby’s may enforce this Guaranty and any judgments,
orders, and awards in the courts of the state or states in which he, she or it is domiciled or has assets. EACH
OF THE UNDERSIGNED IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, ARISING UNDER
OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ITS ENFORCEMENT.

                                         (Signature page on next page)




                                                       B-2
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement
1625640324.5
