                                                                                      DA # ______________



                                    DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

        This Development Agreement (this “Development Agreement” or “Agreement”), dated as of the
Effective Date, is made by and between Arby’s and Developer, all of which are defined in the Contract
Data Schedule.

        WHEREAS, Arby's is licensed to use a number of trademarks and service marks (“Arby’s
Trademarks” or the “Trademarks”) and is a franchisor of a system of Restaurants (“Arby's Restaurants” or
the “Restaurants”), featuring Arby’s deli inspired sandwiches and other food items (the “Arby’s System”
or the “System”); and

       WHEREAS, Developer desires the exclusive rights to develop Arby's Restaurants within the
geographic area specified in this Development Agreement for the limited term of this Development
Agreement; and

        WHEREAS, Arby's is willing to grant such rights in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Development Agreement.

        NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed as follows:

        1.       GRANT. Arby's hereby grants to Developer during the term of this Development
Agreement and subject to the conditions hereof the exclusive right to develop Arby's Restaurants in the
limited geographical area identified and set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, exclusive of any Unit
Trading Area or Protected Area located therein as defined in any License or Franchise Agreements currently
issued to other parties; this geographical area shall be referred to as the “Territory.” The operation of the
Restaurants developed pursuant to this Development Agreement will be governed by individual Franchise
Agreements issued by Arby's in accordance with Section 11 below. So long as Developer is in compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Development Agreement, Arby's will not license or franchise others
to operate, nor will it itself operate, any new or additional Arby's Restaurants in the Territory during the
term of this Development Agreement.

        2.       TERM. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 13, this Development Agreement
shall expire as shown in the Contract Data Schedule (the “Development Agreement Schedule”), or upon
the execution by Arby's of the Franchise Agreement for the last of the Restaurants specified on the
development schedule (the “Development Schedule”) set forth in Contract Data Schedule, whichever
occurs first.

        3.      DEVELOPMENT FEE. Upon execution of this Development Agreement, Developer
shall pay to Arby's a fee (the “Development Fee”), as shown in the Contract Data Schedule. This
Development Fee shall be fully earned by Arby's in consideration of its execution of this Development
Agreement and shall be non-refundable. Developer also must pay Arby’s or the affiliates of Arby’s within
ten (10) calendar days after demand: (i) all sales taxes, corporate taxes and any like taxes imposed on,
required to be collected by, or paid by Arby’s on account of Arby’s collection of any fee related to this
Development Agreement; (ii) all franchise or like taxes, whether based on gross receipts, gross revenues,
Development Fee or otherwise, imposed on, required to be collected by, or paid by Arby’s; and (iii) all
other amounts Arby’s pays or must pay for Developer for any reason.

        4.      DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE. Developer shall open and continuously operate
properly franchised Arby's Restaurants in accordance with the Development Schedule set forth in Contract
Data Schedule. In the event that Developer opens and continuously operates a greater number of Arby's
Restaurants than required during any interim period of the Development Schedule, the requirements of the


                                                     1
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625640325.2
