If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, at our option, you may use
certain areas of the premises and equipment, including the POS and other computer equipment, only
for the business associated with the Restaurant or only for the business associated with the Other
Restaurants. (Section 4(a) of MBA)

Training

If you are a new franchisee, we may require you to participate in our New Franchisee Orientation
(“NFO”). If you are a corporation or other business entity, then a partner or approved owner must
participate in the NFO. The NFO is a brief overview of the Arby’s Restaurant system and the
administrative corporate support we provide. We typically conduct the NFO each quarter (but more
or less often based upon demand) at the Arby’s Support Center, our administrative office and
worldwide headquarters. The NFO is a one or 2-day orientation program in a presentation/ classroom
setting. There are no tasks related to the NFO that you must complete to our satisfaction. There is
no cost for the program, but you will pay your own travel, meal, and lodging expenses.

For each of your first and second Restaurants, you must at all times employ 2 managers (4 total) who
have completed (to our satisfaction) the Arby’s Training Program, or a comparable training program
we approve in our sole judgment, at the Arby’s Restaurant that we designate. One of these people
may be you, the franchisee, if you are participating in the direct operation of the Restaurant. For your
third and subsequent Restaurants, you must at all times employ one manager per Arby’s Restaurant
who has completed (to our satisfaction) the Arby’s Training Program. The Arby’s Training Program
is primarily designed to develop the technical operational skills necessary for the operation of an
Arby’s Restaurant. A field training manager, along with designated training representatives, teaches
the Arby’s Training Program. You must meet the Arby’s Training Program’s requirements to our
satisfaction before opening your Restaurant. Training is held on a rolling basis throughout the year.

The following table outlines the current Arby’s Training Program:

                                      TRAINING PROGRAM

Through experiential learning and eLearning, the programs below offer strategies and tactics for
becoming a proficient Arby’s restaurant manager.

       1.      Our team member training program teaches fundamental skills needed to execute daily
               service and non-service tasks.

       2.      Our shift management training program teaches basic management skills needed to
               operate a shift in an Arby’s restaurant effectively, using the tools and processes
               provided to support consistency and effectiveness.
       3.      Our critical thinking and leadership training program teaches critical thinking skills
               needed to successfully diagnose and correct shift / operating deficiencies (i.e. speed of
               service, product waste, team deployment strategies, etc.), and includes leadership
               training to equip new restaurant managers with stronger decision-making skills to help
               prepare restaurant managers to lead a team to deliver Arby’s standards effectively.



                                                  48
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
