                                           ARBY’S FRANCHISOR, LLC AND SUBSIDIARY
                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     Securitization Notes

     The Issuer and certain of its subsidiaries (the "Arby's Co-Issuers") has issued fixed rate senior secured notes and variable
     funding notes, collectively referred to as the "Arby's Securitization Notes".

     The following table summarizes the Arby's Securitization Notes outstanding as of December 28, 2025:


                                                                                                                           Anticipated             Outstanding
     (dollars in thousands)                                                                         Issuance Date       Repayment Date(a)           Principal
     2020 Class A-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes                                                    July 2020              July 2027          $        781,688
     2020 Class A-1 Senior Variable Funding Notes                                                      July 2020            January 2028                        —
       Total                                                                                                                                     $        781,688
     (a)   The legal final maturity dates of the Arby's Securitization Notes issued in 2020 are July 2050. If the Issuer has not repaid or refinanced the notes prior
           to the anticipated repayment date, additional interest will accrue pursuant the terms of the underlying securitization agreement.

     The Arby's Securitization Notes were issued in a securitization transaction pursuant to which certain franchise-related
     agreements, intellectual property, in each case relating to the U.S., Canada, Turkey and Qatar, and real property were
     contributed by various subsidiaries of ARG to the Issuer, the Company and one other limited-purpose, bankruptcy remote,
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer, each of which acts as a guarantor through the maturity date of the Arby's
     Securitization Notes and has pledged substantially all of its assets to secure the obligations of the Issuer.

     The 2020 Class A-1 Senior Variable Funding Notes ("2020 Variable Funding Notes") allow for the issuance of up to $300.0
     million of variable funding notes and certain other credit instruments, including total letters of credit of $50.0 million, in
     support of various Arby's subsidiary obligations. As of December 28, 2025, the Issuer had no outstanding borrowings under
     the 2020 Variable Funding Notes, exclusive of $6.9 million of outstanding letters of credit. As of December 28, 2025, there
     was $293.1 million remaining capacity for future borrowings.

     Legal Matters

     The Company is involved in various litigation and claims incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters
     cannot be predicted with certainty and some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company, based on
     currently available information, including legal defenses available to the Company and its legal reserves and insurance
     coverages, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its
     consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

6.   TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

     A substantial portion of the Company’s revenues are generated from royalties from affiliate-owned restaurants equal to a
     percentage of net sales. These amounts are reflected in "Franchise fees and royalty revenues from affiliates" in the
     consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and “Accounts receivable from affiliates” in the consolidated
     balance sheets.

     In 2025, the Company introduced a twelve month program to incentivize franchisees and affiliate-owned restaurants to
     support various strategic initiatives. Eligible franchisees and affiliates receive certain monthly payment credits for one year
     upon participation in the program. The remaining amounts payable and contract assets related to the affiliate-owned
     restaurants in the program are reflected in "Other current liabilities from affiliates" and "Contract assets from affiliates",
     respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization related to the contract asset balances is recorded as contra-
     revenue in "Franchise fees and royalty revenues from affiliates" in the consolidated statements of income and
     comprehensive income.




                                                                               - 13 -
