franchised restaurants designate the same service organization. If there is no designation by the
franchisees, we may designate a successor service organization or elect to retain the fees and provide
the specified services directly. AFA, by contract with ARG, has the duty to determine the amount of
the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, which cannot be set below 1.2% of Gross Sales without
the prior approval of ARG. Effective April 12, 2023, we and the AFA Board of Directors approved
certain discounts on amounts that qualifying franchisees will pay as AFA dues and the Advertising
and Marketing Service Fee under the Standard incentive program. Except for the AFA Board of
Directors, there is no advertising council of franchisees that advises us on advertising policies.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, unless we otherwise specify or
approve, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the Restaurant
may reference any Other Restaurant or the brand(s) under which they operate. (Section 4(f) of the
MBA).

Local Market Advertising

In addition to paying the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee/participating in the AFA and
participating in your Local Cooperative Area Advertising Program (see below) you must spend at
least a minimum percentage of Gross Sales on local market advertising.

The specific amount you must spend on local advertising will depend on your specified Advertising
and Marketing Service Fee (from Exhibit C to the Franchise Agreement) and may change if the
Advertising and Marketing Service Fee rates change. Subject to the minimum percentage of monthly
Gross Sales, you determine the amount that you spend on specific activities when performing your
individual local market advertising. The amount is divided between your individual local market
advertising and the Local Cooperative Area Advertising program (see below). Currently, the
minimum Local Market and Local Cooperative Area advertising expenditures range from 0.2% to
1.98% of Gross Sales, depending on the market in which you are located and dues paid to the AFA.
The costs of food or beverage products you sell at a reduced price or give away do not count in the
fulfillment of this advertising obligation.

You must submit all advertising, marketing, or promotional programs, materials, or activities to us
for approval before use. If we determine that any advertising, promotional programs, articles or
materials you use or plan to use are injurious or prejudicial to us or any of our franchisees, or violate
the Franchise Agreement, you must stop using them immediately upon notification from us. Your
advertising, marketing, promotions and other use of Arby’s name, logo, graphics or trademarks on
the internet or through other electronic media, including social media platforms and communication
tools, must comply with the Manual and the Franchise Agreement.

If you qualify, the Standard incentive program will not impact the Local Market and Cooperative
Area Advertising Expenditure required under your Franchise Agreement. If you operate a Non-
Traditional Restaurant, we do not require you to spend a particular percentage of Gross Sales on local
market advertising.

Local Cooperative Area Advertising

You must join and participate in a Local Cooperative Area Advertising program (“Co-op”) that we
select. Co-ops are formed and governed by the most current standard form Co-op bylaws we issue,

                                                   45
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
