          Provision        Section in Agreement                            Summary
 c.   Requirements for     Section 14:2 of FA     Renewal means that you have substantially complied with
      franchisee to                               the FA during the initial term and at the expiration date of
      renew or extend                             the FA, you are not and within 12 months prior, have not
                                                  been in default in the performance of any material
                                                  obligation under the FA, notwithstanding Section 5:3
                                                  Remodeling and Replacement of the FA and unless
                                                  otherwise established by a successor franchise remodeling
                                                  policy adopted by us, and then in effect; you have
                                                  remodeled the Franchised Premises to the then-current
                                                  image for new Arby’s Restaurants; you execute the FA
                                                  and a General Release (see Exhibit F) 30 calendar days
                                                  before expiration; you have complied with the then-current
                                                  training requirements, and all other conditions required of
                                                  franchisees renewing their Agreements or obtaining
                                                  Successor LAs at the time; and for Traditional
                                                  Restaurants only, you have applied for a new FA in
                                                  writing at least 6 months but not more than 9 months
                                                  before expiration and paid us an administrative fee equal
                                                  to 10% of the then-current Franchise Fee 180 calendar
                                                  days before expiration. For Non-Traditional Restaurants,
                                                  the fee is an administrative fee equal to the then-applicable
                                                  standard Non-Traditional Franchise Fee (excluding the
                                                  impact of any discounts or promotions, including any
                                                  development incentive programs that may be available).

                           Section 17 of DA       You must advise us in writing 60 calendar days before the
                                                  expiration date of the DA, or 60 calendar days before the
                                                  anticipated date of execution of the FA for the final
                                                  Restaurant under the DA Contract Schedule in Exhibit B
                                                  to the DA.

                                                  You may be asked to sign a Franchise or DA with materially
                                                  different terms and conditions than your original Franchise
                                                  or DA.
 d.   Termination by        None under FA and     Not applicable.
      franchisee                  DA.
 e.   Termination by        None under FA and     Not applicable.
      franchisor without          DA.
      cause
 f.   Termination by       Section 15 of FA       We can terminate your FA with cause if you default or fail
      franchisor with                             to comply with any clause of your FA.
      cause
                           Section 13 of DA       We can terminate your DA if you default or fail to comply
                                                  with any clause of your DA.

                           Section 8(c) of MBA    We can terminate the Franchise Agreement upon the
                                                  termination or expiration of the Other Franchise
                                                  Agreement.    We may also terminate the Franchise
                                                  Agreement if you abandon or otherwise fail to operate the
                                                  Other Restaurant.


                                                  58
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
