                                             ITEM 5
                                          INITIAL FEES

Development Fee and Initial Franchise Fee

The chart below lists the current development fees payable under the Development Agreement and
the current initial franchise fees payable under the Franchise Agreement, based on our current
incentive programs. Except as otherwise stated, these programs are currently available through
March 31, 2027, but we may add to, eliminate or change any of these programs in the future in our
sole judgment. You must sign a Development Agreement regardless of the number of Arby’s
Restaurants you commit to develop, and you must also sign a Franchise Agreement for each Arby’s
Restaurant that you open. The development fees and franchise fees described here are uniform, are
fully earned when paid and are not refundable.

You must pay us the development fee when you sign the Development Agreement. We do not apply
the development fee towards any initial franchise fees or other fees you pay under the Franchise
Agreements. You must sign the Franchise Agreement for each Arby’s Restaurant that the
Development Agreement covers, and pay us the initial franchise fee (if any is due), on the earlier of
90 calendar days before the Restaurant’s opening or when you start construction of the Restaurant.

                                                        Non-Refundable          Non-Refundable
                    Franchise Offers                  Development Fee per       Franchise Fee per
                                                          Restaurant               Restaurant
     Standard Traditional Restaurant                        $12,500                  $37,500
     Non-Traditional Restaurant                               $0                     $18,750
     Standard Incentive                                     $12,500                     $0

The fees for a standard Traditional Restaurant apply under Development Agreements and Franchise
Agreements if you are not eligible for any incentive programs impacting the initial fees.

All Franchise Agreements that the Development Agreement covers will contain generally the same
terms and conditions as we are then offering to other franchisees similarly situated at the time of
issuance, including those pertaining to the duration of the Franchise Agreement. However, if you
fully comply with the Development Agreement, the royalty fee payable under each Franchise
Agreement will reflect the Royalty Fee described in Item 6.

Training Fees

We provide the initial Arby’s Training Program (“Arby’s Training Program”) to you and your
personnel when you sign the Franchise Agreement and before you begin operating the Restaurant.
Currently you must at all times employ 2 managers for your first and second Restaurants (4 total)
who have completed the Arby’s Training Program, or a comparable training program we approve, at
a training restaurant that we designate. For all of your subsequent Arby’s Restaurants, you must at
all times employ one manager for each Restaurant who has completed the Arby’s Training Program.
The current fee for this training is $2,100 and we expect that mid-year it will increase to $4,000 per
attendee, but we waive the training fee for 2 managers in your first Restaurant. You must pay the
non-refundable and uniform training fee for all your other attendees, and you pay your trainees’
expenses. We estimate that your training fees will range from $0 to $12,000.

                                                 21
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
