                             ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  Operating loss and tax credit carryforwards primarily consist of net operating losses of various U.S. state jurisdictions that
  expire from 2031-2045 and an immaterial amount that have no expiration. The Company’s valuation allowance is related to
  net operating losses from certain state jurisdictions.

  As of December 28, 2025, undistributed earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiary continue to be indefinitely reinvested
  outside the United States unless such amounts would not be subject to tax, if repatriated. As a result, the Company has not
  recognized domestic or foreign deferred taxes on these undistributed earnings since the amount is immaterial.

  In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA") was enacted into law in the United States. The OBBBA includes
  numerous provisions that affect corporate taxation, including changes to bonus depreciation, the business interest expense
  limitation, the expensing of domestic research costs, and modifications to certain U.S. international tax rules. The Company
  evaluated all deferred tax balances and any other changes under the newly enacted tax law and reflected the results of such
  evaluations in its consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 28, 2025.

  The U.S. federal income tax returns are settled for fiscal years through December 29, 2013. The U.S. federal income tax
  returns for all subsequent fiscal periods remain subject to examination except for fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and
  for Inspire's fiscal year ended January 3, 2021. Certain of the Company’s state income tax returns from fiscal year 2015
  forward remain subject to examination. Various state income tax returns are currently under examination.

  Uncertain Tax Positions

  As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company had an immaterial amount of unrecognized tax benefits
  related to uncertain tax positions, and the amount recorded related to potential interest and penalties was not material.

10. GUARANTEES AND OTHER COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

  Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility Guarantee

  IRB entered into a credit agreement (the "IRB Credit Agreement") that provides for secured credit facilities, which include
  term loan facilities (the "IRB Term Loans") and a revolving credit facility (the "IRB Revolving Credit Facility"). The IRB
  Credit Agreement contains customary provisions relating to mandatory prepayments, voluntary prepayments, conditions to
  borrowings and issuances of letters of credit under the IRB Revolving Credit Facility, representations and warranties,
  affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default. All obligations under the IRB Credit Agreement are
  guaranteed by the Company and secured by substantially all assets of the Company.

  As of December 28, 2025, approximately $4.1 billion was outstanding under the IRB Term Loans. The IRB Revolving
  Credit Facility allows for the issuance of up to $490.0 million of revolving facilities and certain other credit instruments,
  including total letters of credit of $50.0 million. As of December 28, 2025, $34.5 million of letters of credit were
  outstanding under the IRB Revolving Credit Facility and approximately $455.5 million remaining capacity for future
  borrowings.

  Lease Guarantees

  The Company guarantees the performance of lease obligations for former Company-owned restaurant locations. The
  guarantees, which extend through 2040, aggregated to a maximum of $2.5 million as of December 28, 2025. At this time,
  the Company does not anticipate any material defaults under the foregoing leases; therefore, no liability has been
  recognized.

  Beverage Commitments

  The Company has purchase commitments through 2034 related to various beverage agreements. Based on current prices and
  the current ratio of company-owned to franchised restaurants as of December 28, 2025, the total remaining purchase
  commitments related to these agreements is estimated to be $88.7 million.

  Advertising Commitments

  The Company has purchase commitments related to the execution of its advertising strategies, including agency fees and
  media buy obligations. Because most media purchase commitments can be canceled within 90 days of scheduled broadcasts,
  the Company does not believe that termination of these agreements would have a significant impact on its operations.



                                                            - 23 -
