Court preliminarily approved a class action settlement of the financial institution claims (the
“Financial Institution Settlement”). Under the Financial Institution Settlement, ARG agreed to pay
approved financial institution claims up to a $2,987,136 cap, agreed to pay the costs associated with
the administration of the Consumer Settlement, and agreed not to object to a request for attorneys’
fees and costs and class representative service awards up to an aggregate cap of $2,312,864, including
up to $2,300,000 for attorneys’ fees and costs and up to $10,000 per class representative as service
awards. On July 30, 2020, the Court issued an order approving the settlement agreement, but reserved
judgement on approving the attorney’s fees. On November 25, 2020, the court approved the
settlement and entered the final judgment for the Financial Institution Settlement. On February 1,
2021, the settlement payments were issued.

Multi-Jurisdictional Settlement

The People of the State of California v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (California Superior Court,
Los Angeles County, Case No. 19STCV09397, filed March 19, 2019). On March 11, 2019, ARG
entered into a settlement agreement with the states of Massachusetts, California, Illinois, Iowa,
Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon and Pennsylvania. The
Attorneys General in these states sought information from ARG on its use of franchise agreement
provisions prohibiting the franchisor and franchisees from soliciting or employing each other’s
employees. The states alleged that the use of these provisions violated the states’ antitrust, unfair
competition, unfair or deceptive acts or practices, consumer protection and other state laws. ARG
expressly denies these conclusions but decided to enter into the settlement agreement to avoid
litigation with the states. Under the settlement agreement ARG paid no money but agreed (a) to
remove the disputed provision from its franchise agreements (which it had already done); (b) not to
enforce the disputed provision in existing agreements or to intervene in any action by the Attorneys
General if a franchisee seeks to enforce the provision; (c) to seek amendments of the existing franchise
agreements in the applicable states to remove the disputed provision from the agreements; and (d) to
post a notice and ask franchisees to post a notice to employees about the disputed provision. The
applicable states instituted actions in their courts to enforce the settlement agreement through Final
Judgments and Orders, Assurances of Discontinuance, Assurances of Voluntary Compliance, and
similar methods.

Disclosures Regarding Affiliated Programs

The following affiliates who offer franchises resolved actions brought against them with settlements
that involved their becoming subject to currently effective injunctive or restrictive orders or decrees.
None of these actions have any impact on us or our brand nor allege any unlawful conduct by us.

The People of the State of California v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (California Superior Court, Los Angeles
County, Case No. 19STCV09597, filed on March 19, 2019.) On March 14, 2019, our affiliate,
Dunkin Brands, Inc. (“DBI”), entered into a settlement agreement with the Attorneys General of 13
states and jurisdictions concerning the inclusion of “no-poaching” provisions in Dunkin’ restaurant
franchise agreements. The settling states and jurisdictions included California, Illinois, Iowa,
Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
Vermont, and the District of Columbia. A small number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’
system prohibit Dunkin’ franchisees from hiring the employees of other Dunkin’ franchisees and/or
DBI’s employees. A larger number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’ system contain a no-
poaching provision that prevents Dunkin’ franchisees and DBI from hiring each other’s employees.
                                                  19
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
