As part of the Securitization Transaction described in Item 1, Arby’s IP Holder signed a license
agreement with us dated November 13, 2015 which authorizes us to use and sublicense the use of
Arby’s intellectual property in our franchise operation. That license agreement has a 99-year term.
Arby’s IP Holder may terminate the agreement, subject to certain securitization-related consent rights,
only if we materially breach the agreement and fail to cure the breach within 30 days. There are no
other agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license the use of these
marks.

There are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal
Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, and no pending infringement, opposition
or cancellation proceedings, and no pending material litigation, involving the Principal Marks. We
do not know of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of
the Trademarks in any state.

You must notify us, in writing, of any suspected infringing uses of, or claims of rights to, the
Trademarks or any similar mark, and cooperate with us in responding to them. We or Arby’s IP
Holder has the sole right to determine whether to take any legal action concerning any infringement
or claims and to control and direct any administrative proceeding or litigation involving the
Trademarks. We will pay the cost of any litigation or administrative action for policing the
Trademarks against infringement. We are not obligated, however, to institute legal or other action to
protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition concerning the Trademarks. We
need not participate in your defense nor indemnify you for expenses and damages if you are a party
to any administrative or judicial proceeding involving a Trademark. You may not take any legal
action for infringement or unfair competition concerning the Trademarks without our consent. We
or Arby’s IP Holder has the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a
Trademark.

You may use the Trademarks only according to the Franchise Agreement and Manual. You must
follow our directions in using the Trademarks and any modified or new trademark. If we require you
to modify or discontinue use of a Trademark, we do not have to compensate you. This modification
or discontinuance will not provide you with any termination or other rights.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may use the Other
Franchisor’s trademarks licensed to you under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with the
operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.

                                   ITEM 14
             PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

Patents and Copyrights

We hold no patents and do not have any pending patent applications material to the franchise. We
have not registered any copyrights applicable to the Arby’s Restaurant business with the United States
Copyright Office. However, we claim copyrights on and consider proprietary the Manual, the
Franchise Agreement, forms, advertisements, and all other Arby’s materials, processes, etc. There
are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the United States Copyright Office or


                                                   54
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
