       If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights
       and remedies, including the right to terminate the Development Agreement, the Early Opening
       Incentive, VetFran Program, and/or Pioneer Incentive will not apply to the Traditional
       Restaurant(s). The Early Opening Incentive, VetFran Program, and Pioneer Incentive do not
       apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or
       to develop and operate the Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, as a relocation or
       replacement of an existing or closed Traditional Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or
       acquisition of an existing Traditional Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or eliminate
       any of our incentive programs.

(4)    For Traditional Restaurants only, you will divide your local advertising expenditures between
       your individual Local Market Advertising expenses and your Local Cooperative Area
       Advertising program spending (if applicable). The costs of food or beverage products you
       sell at a reduced price or give away do not count toward the fulfillment of your local
       advertising obligation.

       Local Market Advertising: This is a percentage of monthly Gross Sales, with a current
       minimum aggregate expenditure of 5.2% of Gross Sales comprised of this fee, the Advertising
       and Marketing Service Fee, and Local Cooperative Area Advertising (if applicable). The
       amount is divided between your individual local market participation and the Local
       Cooperative Area Advertising program. The advertising expenditure is a minimum
       expenditure requirement which varies when combined with your Advertising and Marketing
       Service Fee as discussed in the table above and the Local Cooperative Area Advertising
       program (if any) discussed below.

       Local Cooperative Area Advertising: This is a percentage of monthly Gross Sales, with a
       current minimum aggregate expenditure of 5.2% of Gross Sales comprised of this fee, the
       Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, and Local Market Advertising. Participants in the
       Local Cooperative Area Advertising program determine this fee, and it is currently in the
       general range of 3% to 7% of monthly Gross Sales. “Area” for determining participation in a
       Local Cooperative Area Advertising program, in most instances, is defined using the A.C.
       Nielsen DMA county coverage designation method as those terms are used in the advertising
       industry. Our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants have the same voting power as franchised
       restaurants in the Local Cooperative Area Advertising program; each Arby’s Restaurant has
       one vote. Note that we may have controlling votes in a Local Cooperative Area Advertising
       program if we have the majority of restaurants that participate in a particular advertising
       cooperative.

       Advertising and Marketing Service Fee: The AFA Board of Directors has approved dues
       based on a rate structure whereby the amount of Advertising and Marketing Service Fee
       ranges from 3.22% to 5.0% (effective as of July 1, 2025). The most current tiered rate
       structure, if any, is shown in Exhibit C to the Franchise Agreement. The Advertising and
       Marketing Service Fee and tiered rate structure may change in the future, including the
       elimination or reinstatement of the tiered rate structure.




                                                  29
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
