Proportion of Purchases Subject to Specifications

Collectively, the purchases and leases that you must make from us or our affiliates, from designated
or approved suppliers, or under our standards and specifications represent about 90% of your
purchases and leases to establish and operate the Restaurant.

Payments from Franchisee Purchases and Leases

In the past, ARG (or its affiliates) entered into leases or subleases with franchisees for real estate,
leasehold improvements, and/or equipment. For the 2025 fiscal year, ARG reported $14,618,529 in
rental revenue and $8,627,365 in rental costs, for a net revenue of $5,991,163 from 109 franchised
Arby’s restaurant properties. In addition, for the 2025 fiscal year, IRB reported a reimbursement of
$9,443,958 from providing technology-related services to the Arby’s Order Ahead Platform to
franchisees, all of which IRB used for costs relating to the development, implementation, operation,
and enhancement of the Arby’s Order Ahead Platform and related technologies, equipment, and
platforms. This includes $951,950 in rental income for Order Ahead equipment. The source of these
revenue and reimbursement figures for ARG and IRB is our internally-prepared financial statements.
Except for the amounts above for ARG and IRB, neither we nor our affiliates received additional
revenue from selling products and services to Arby’s Restaurant franchisees in 2025. We or our
affiliates may receive profits and commissions on other sales made directly by us or our affiliates to
you in the future.

Our affiliates and we do not derive any revenue, favorable pricing not also available to you, or other
material consideration from your purchases or leases from approved suppliers; however, our beverage
suppliers, The Coca-Cola Company, and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. do provide funding for marketing
initiatives, the Arby’s Foundation, and the annual Arby’s franchise convention. During our 2025
fiscal year, ARG received a rebate from The Coca-Cola Company and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc.
based on the gallons of Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper cola syrup and other Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper
products that our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants purchased, and franchisees received rebates
from The Coca-Cola Company and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. based on the gallons of Coca-Cola and
Dr. Pepper syrup and other Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper products they purchased.

Cooperatives and Purchasing Arrangement

On occasion, we or our affiliates may negotiate favorable pricing terms with various suppliers and
vendors for our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants, and we generally offer those same favorable
pricing terms to franchisees for voluntary participation. ARCOP negotiates purchase arrangements,
including price terms, with suppliers and distributors. In addition, ARCOP may, at its option,
participate in certain purchasing arrangements negotiated by us or our affiliates.

Material Benefits for Certain Purchases

We do not provide material benefits to you (for example, renewal or granting additional franchises)
based on your purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Restaurant at a Multi-
Brand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the Arby’s Restaurant system
                                                  38
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
