Multi-Brand Locations

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance and
assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be intended
for stand-alone Arby’s Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations. We may
modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that are cross-
trained to operate both the Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you must ensure that all
employees who provide services to the Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in the Restaurant’s
operation are properly trained to operate the Restaurant and otherwise satisfy our requirements. We
have no obligation to provide training, services or other assistant with respect to the development or
operation of any Other Restaurant. (Sections 4(c) and 5 of the MBA). However, you are required to
complete all training required for the Other Restaurant(s), as described under each applicable Other
Franchisor’s franchise agreement.

                                              ITEM 12
                                            TERRITORY

Development Agreement

If you wish to open one or more Arby’s Restaurants, you must sign a Development Agreement before
you sign a Franchise Agreement. The Development Agreement grants you the right during its term
to open one or more new Arby’s Restaurants within the territory/geographical area (“Territory”), and
according to the Development Schedule, specified in the Development Agreement. While the
Development Agreement is in effect, we will not open, or franchise any party to open, any new Arby’s
Restaurant in the Territory. We generally define the Territory using a radius encompassing a specific
trade area for a proposed Arby’s Restaurant or governmental boundaries (streets, city, county), and
similar descriptive information. However, the Territory excludes malls, college and university
campus locations, hospitals, and other similar institutional-type facilities, service plazas, military
bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special location activity centers like sports arenas,
and sovereign nations. There is no specific minimum size for Territories.

You must open and continuously operate Arby’s Restaurants in the Territory according to the
Development Schedule to maintain your rights under the Development Agreement. If you do not
comply with the Development Schedule or the other provisions of the Development Agreement or
any Franchise Agreement, then, among other things, we may terminate the Development Agreement.
Except for these situations, continuation of your territorial rights under the Development Agreement
does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration or other contingency,
and we may not alter your Territory or alter your territorial rights in the Territory during the term of
the Development Agreement. If you comply with the Development Agreement during its term, you
have the right to negotiate with us for a new Development Agreement if you provide 60 days’ notice.
Otherwise you have no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises
under the Development Agreement.

Franchise Agreement

Under each Franchise Agreement you will operate one Restaurant at a specified location that we have
accepted. You may not relocate the Restaurant to a new location within or outside the Protected Area
(defined below) without first obtaining our written approval. Typically, we grant requests for

                                                   51
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
