          Provision       Section in Agreement                             Summary
                                                   Premises are or were located, or where the claim arose
                                                   (subject to state law). Each party irrevocably submits to
                                                   the jurisdiction of those courts and waives any objection
                                                   such party may have to either the jurisdiction of or venue
                                                   in those courts.

                          Section 19 of DA         You must file litigation in the federal or state court of
                                                   general jurisdiction located closest to our then-current
                                                   principal office (subject to state law).
 w.   Choice of law       Section 3:1:2 and 21:2   Georgia law applies without regard to its conflict of laws
                          of FA                    rules, provided, however that any Georgia law regulating
                                                   the sale of franchises or governing the relationship of a
                                                   franchisor and franchisee will not apply unless its
                                                   jurisdictional requirements are met independently (see “q”
                                                   and “r” above). Interest on overdue payments is governed
                                                   by the law of the state in which the Franchised Premises is
                                                   located or the State of Georgia, whichever is higher.

                          Section 19 of DA         Georgia law applies (subject to state law).

                                           ITEM 18
                                        PUBLIC FIGURES

We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise.

                                      ITEM 19
                      FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis
for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.

These financial performance representations provide actual, historical “AUVs,” or “Annual Unit
Volumes,” for specific groups of franchised Arby’s Restaurants. “Unit Volume” has the same
meaning as Gross Sales, which we define in the note below. This Item 19 includes financial
information for our 2025 fiscal year (which we will call simply “2025” in this Item 19), which is the
period from December 30, 2024 until December 28, 2025. Indeed, federal and state franchise laws
permit us to include in Item 19 either (a) a historical financial performance representation about the
franchise system’s existing outlets or a subset of those outlets, or (b) a forecast of the prospective
franchisee’s future financial performance. The information in this Item 19 reflects 2025 historical
data for the AUVs of certain franchised Arby’s Restaurants, and is not a forecast of future financial
performance or a projection.

There were 2,344 franchised Arby’s Restaurants operating in the United States at the end of 2025, of
which 2,325 were Traditional Restaurants and 184 were Traditional Restaurants located in travel
                                                   63
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
