                                                                                       DA # ______________



        13.      TERMINATION.          This Development Agreement shall terminate immediately and
without notice to either party upon:

        (a)     the death of Developer, if Developer is an individual; or

        (b)     the commencement of any proceedings by or against Developer under the Bankruptcy Act,
                under any Chapter thereof or amendment thereto, or under any other insolvency act,
                whether federal or state; the appointment of any trustee or receiver for the business or
                property of Developer; or any assignment by Developer for the benefit of creditors.

Arby's shall have the right at its election to terminate this Development Agreement immediately upon notice
to Developer, upon the occurrence of any of the following:

        (c)     failure to comply with the Development Schedule;

        (d)     the attempted assignment of this Development Agreement without the prior written
                approval of Arby's;

        (e)     if Developer is a corporation or a partnership, the transfer of any of the capital stock or
                partnership interest of such corporation or partnership during the term of this Development
                Agreement without the prior written approval of Arby's;

        (f)     the discovery by Arby's of any material misrepresentation in any of the information or
                documents submitted to Arby's by or on behalf of Developer;

        (g)     any violation by Developer of any of the provisions of this Development Agreement; or

        (h)     the termination by Arby's of any License or Franchise Agreement or other agreement
                between Arby's and Developer or Developer's failure to cure a default under any other
                agreement between Arby's and Developer within the time specified by Arby's.

         For purposes of Sections 11 and 13 herein, any License or Franchise Agreements issued to
Developer, any affiliated company of Developer or any corporation, Guarantor, partnership or joint venture
(or their affiliates) in which Developer or any stockholder, Guarantor, partner or joint venture of Developer,
direct or indirect, has any interest of ownership or participation, regardless of location, shall be deemed an
agreement between Arby's and Developer.

        14.      EFFECT OF EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION. Upon expiration or completion of
this Development Agreement, or upon termination for any reason, the rights granted to Developer pursuant
to Section 1 of this Development Agreement shall be extinguished immediately. Unless the parties have
executed a new development agreement, Arby's thereafter shall have the right to operate or permit others
to operate Arby's Restaurants within the Territory, except as limited by the Unit Trading Area or Protected
Area provisions of any then-effective License or Franchise Agreements.

         15.    CONFIDENTIALITY. At all times during the term of this Development Agreement, and
after termination of this Development Agreement for any reason, Developer (and its directors, officers,
employees, representatives, managers, shareholders, members, partners, or other equity owners and any
Guarantors) shall not divulge, disclose or communicate, directly or indirectly, to any other person or entity
any confidential or proprietary information or knowledge obtained from Arby's.




                                                      5
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625640325.2
