ARCOP sources and provides risk management solutions related to the contracting and distribution
of food, packaging, beverage, capital assets, services, energy, and operating supplies available to
Arby’s franchisees and our company-owned Arby’s Restaurants. This franchisee-directed
organization is funded by an upcharge on key food items (currently only on cases of processed potato
products, roast beef, and frozen breads), which distributors collect and pay to ARCOP. ARCOP
utilizes the Arby’s Restaurant system volume to negotiate with suppliers and distributors, thus
establishing pricing for all Arby’s Restaurants. Specific items and suppliers remain subject to our
approval, and our approval of any supplier or distributor is based on our approved criteria in existence
at that time. Although participation in ARCOP is not mandatory, currently all domestic Arby’s
Restaurant franchisees are members of ARCOP. If you wish to purchase from another source, you
must obtain our written approval. At a minimum, that source must demonstrate its ability to meet our
standards for nutrition, quality, uniformity, and delivery. We do not negotiate purchase agreements
for food, proprietary paper, and operating supplies with suppliers for the Arby’s system.

ARG has contracted with a technology provider to provide franchisees a technology-based learning
management system, and franchisees must participate in ARG’s arrangement with the provider.

In order to create a uniform online ordering experience for Arby’s customers, IRB, one of our
affiliates, has developed and provides Arby’s franchisees an optional online ordering platform for the
Arby’s Restaurant network (the “Arby’s Order Ahead Platform”). IRB and its contractors currently
are the only approved suppliers for the Arby’s Order Ahead Platform. Additionally, you must sign
contracts with approved suppliers and participate in our then-current gift card program operated by
or through our approved suppliers (that may include us or our affiliates).

Otherwise, neither we nor our affiliates are currently approved suppliers or the only approved
suppliers for any category of goods and services for the Arby’s Restaurants.

We currently require you to purchase all of your furniture, fixtures and equipment (excluding only
the back office computer systems), food and beverage ingredients and components, cups and other
paper goods, uniforms, professional cleaning services, hygiene and food safety program materials,
restaurant auditing services, third party delivery services, and credit and debit card processing and
related services only from one of our approved suppliers and through our approved distributors. For
some items and services, you must sign contracts with third party suppliers and vendors in the form
that we or they specify.

If you desire to purchase any items from a supplier or distributor that we have not previously approved
(for those items that we require you to purchase only from approved suppliers), you must request, in
writing, our prior approval of the supplier or distributor. We will consider approval if the supplier or
distributor can meet and maintain our specifications, standards, and requirements and otherwise meets
the needs of the Arby’s Restaurant system. You must furnish, at your own expense, adequate samples
of the item for which you are requesting approval, or if that is not feasible, you must furnish copies
of descriptions, specifications, and pictures of the items in question. In considering any request for a
new or additional supplier or distributor, we may charge the proposed supplier or distributor all
reasonable costs and expenses we incur in evaluating, investigating, and determining our response to
the request. If you fail to obtain our approval to purchase from an unauthorized supplier or distributor,
and buy from an unauthorized supplier or distributor, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.
It typically takes approximately 90 calendar days for us to complete our inspection and evaluation
                                                   36
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
