(to our satisfaction) the Arby’s Training Program, or a comparable training program we approve in
our sole judgment, at an Arby’s Restaurant that we designate. One of these people may be you, the
franchisee, if you will be participating in the direct operation of the Restaurant. For your third and
subsequent Restaurants, you must at all times employ 1 manager per Restaurant who has completed
(to our satisfaction) the Arby’s Training Program, at an Arby’s Restaurant that we designate. There
is no requirement for managers to have any equity interest or ownership in you (if you are a business
entity) or the Restaurant.

If we require a guaranty, we will only require your principals to sign it. We do not require your
principals’ spouses to sign a personal guaranty unless they are also principals or officers of the
franchisee entity. Under the guaranty your principals must unconditionally guaranty to punctually
pay and perform all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement.

Additionally, during the term of the Franchise Agreement and for 12 months after its termination you,
any guarantor of yours, any general partner if you are a partnership, and any shareholders, limited
partners, members, or other equity owner holding at least a 15% interest in you, cannot, without our
prior written permission, own, maintain, operate, engage in, be employed by, provide assistance to,
or have more than a 15% interest (as owner or otherwise) in any business offering roast beef
sandwiches for sale which is located within your Protected Area, if any.

                                   ITEM 16
                RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

You may only sell those food and non-alcoholic beverage products designated in the Manual as being
included in our standard Arby’s menu and meeting the quality standards (including product
specifications and sources, cleanliness and sanitation, customer service and hours of operation) in the
Manual or as we otherwise may designate in writing. You must sell all products that we designate as
mandatory. We have the unlimited right in our sole judgment to modify both the standards and
products in the Manual or as we otherwise may designate in writing.

We may, under limited circumstances, authorize the sale of the licensed products for special short
term events or programs which would require our prior approval and your agreement, in writing, to
comply with the specified conditions of the short term program or event.

To ensure the maintenance of the highest degree of quality and service, you must operate the Arby’s
Restaurants in strict conformity with the methods, standards, and specifications in the Manual and as
we may otherwise require in writing.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer the products and
services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with
the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.




                                                  56
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
