Notes:

(1)      We describe the Development Fee and initial Franchise Fee in Item 5. The Development Fee
         amount in this Item 7 assumes you will develop only one Restaurant under the Development
         Agreement.

(2)      We do not charge any training fee for training 2 managers (or other approved trainees) in your
         first Restaurant. You must pay our then current training fee (currently, $2,100 but we expect
         that it will increase to $4,000 per attendee mid-year) for each additional trainee. You also
         must pay your trainees’ expenses.

(3)      If you do not own suitable space or land for your Restaurant, you must rent a premises suitable
         for the Restaurant. You typically will rent the premises for a free-standing location. A prime
         location covers 30,000 to 40,000 sq. ft., with 100 to 180 ft. of street frontage but you may
         need a larger or a smaller lot depending on various factors such as existing easements on the
         property and local code requirements. The lot size you need often depends on the ratio of
         parking to seating that local permitting authorities require. This ratio is generally 1 parking
         space to every 2 seats within the Restaurant. The typical building sizes generally ranges from
         1,600 to 3,000 sq. ft.

(4)      This estimate covers the cost of development outside the building footprint defining the
         building construction area. This is in the area of construction defined by an imaginary line
         located outside the building exterior perimeter walls and following the contours of those walls.
         The site must be suitable for commercial construction. Necessary work might include
         architectural renderings, site engineering, soil testing, environmental studies (Phase 1), filling,
         grading, compaction, curb, cut utility installation or relocation, and drainage control. These
         costs could apply for either a leased site or purchased site. These site cost estimates assume
         there are no extenuating site conditions such as bad soils, retaining walls, underground storm
         water retention, exceedingly restrictive DOT and unconnected utilities.

(5)      Landscaping costs vary by site and facility type and might not apply to certain locations.

(6)      This estimate covers costs to employ an architect or civil engineer to modify our standard
         plans for your site. Costs will vary depending on the revisions that you or your municipality,
         county, or state request or require. The estimate also includes the optional Site Design Fee
         and Kitchen Layout Design Fee for a PKL or PSL that are payable to our affiliates, if you
         request that we provide those services. Our affiliates only provide PSL services for
         Restaurants with a drive-thru window.

(7)      You may need to request a zoning variance or otherwise alter current zoning conditions. Costs
         will vary depending on the requirements of your municipality, county, or state.

(8)      This figure estimates average building costs and basic construction and remodeling costs. It
         covers the construction cost of the building itself, but not the costs for site development or
         equipment, which are addressed below. Building costs vary widely, depending on geographic
         location, size of building, environmental, or other local construction requirements, and if the
         site is a conversion of a former restaurant space.



                                                     33
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
