(9)    This figure covers the costs for equipment, other than items referenced separately in the table.
       Depending on your financial position and economic conditions, you may be able to finance
       some portion of the equipment package cost through a bank or leasing company. This estimate
       does not include taxes but does include freight and installation charges. You will negotiate
       exact costs with each supplier.

(10)   We describe the minimum technology requirements, including a point of sale system (“POS”),
       in the Arby’s Operating Standards Manual (the “Manual”). Additionally, your Restaurant
       must have a Windows-based personal computer, with broadband internet connection, sound
       and graphics capabilities, and printer.

(11)   This estimates the costs for leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, other fixed assets and
       other aspects of the décor package. You must purchase your décor package from our approved
       suppliers. Costs will vary depending upon the number of seats and the mix of tables, chairs,
       and booths. Décor must comply with Arby’s current image.

(12)   Signage and drive-thru costs include Arby’s signage, menu boards, and drive-thru package
       components where applicable. You must install indoor and outdoor signage when applicable.
       You must purchase signs and menu boards from our approved suppliers. Costs will vary by
       site and facility type. Certain enhancements to signage and to the drive-thru package are
       optional.

(13)   You will incur pre-opening labor expenses for salaried and hourly workers. These expenses
       will vary by geography, market conditions and facility type, as well as your business
       decisions. The estimates assume that you will pay restaurant managers for 1.5 to 3 months
       before opening, assistant managers for 2 to 9 weeks at 40 hours per week, and other employees
       for 3 to 4 weeks. Your own expenses may differ depending on actual staffing levels, state
       employer taxes, wage and benefit levels.

(14)   Amounts for opening inventory may vary according to facility type.

(15)   Insurance costs vary depending on your insurability, Restaurant location and facility type.
       You typically will pay your entire premium for workers’ compensation, property and casualty
       insurance in advance.

(16)   This amount estimates the funds needed to cover initial operating expenses, including
       Restaurant management salaries, for a period of 3 months of operation (other than the items
       identified separately in the table). These figures are estimates, and we cannot guarantee you
       will not have additional expenses starting the business. You might need additional working
       capital during the first 3 months you operate your Restaurant and for a longer period after that.
       This 3-month period is not intended, and should not be interpreted, to identify a point at which
       your Restaurant will break even. Your costs will depend on factors such as how closely you
       follow our recommended methods and procedures; your management skill, experience and
       business acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for the Restaurant’s products;
       the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period.

(17)   This estimate is for your rent the first month and does not include an estimate of monthly real
       estate-related expenses, such as common area maintenance charges, real estate taxes and
       landlord insurance. The rental expense may vary widely based on geographic location, size
                                                  34
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
