                                                                            Restaurant # __________________
                                                                                   DA# __________________

ARTICLE 4: OPERATING STANDARDS AND CONDITIONS

4:1     During the term of this Franchise Agreement:

        4:1:1   CONFORM TO MANUAL

                Franchisee will operate and maintain the Franchised Business in strict compliance with the
                Manual. Arby’s will give Franchisee access to one (1) copy of the Manual, which may
                include audio, video, computer software, other electronic media, written materials, written
                directives in multiple forms including online postings on the Arby’s System extranet (i.e.
                www.myarbys.com or its successor), email and/or other electronic communications,
                facsimiles, or any other medium capable of conveying the Manual’s contents. It is
                Franchisee’s responsibility to monitor for updates to the Manual. The Manual will, among
                other things, list the Trademarks to be used in the Franchised Business, and describe the
                systems, procedures, policies, methods, standards, specifications and requirements for
                operating the Franchised Business (collectively, the “operating standards”). Franchisee
                acknowledges and agrees that operating and maintaining the Franchised Business in
                compliance with operating standards is essential to preserve the goodwill of the Trademarks
                and all Arby’s Restaurants. Arby’s has the right in its sole judgment to modify the Manual
                periodically to reflect changes in the operating standards, all of which will be considered a
                part of the Manual. Arby’s shall promptly notify Franchisee of any modifications to the
                Manual, which notification may be made by way of an email message to the Franchisee’s
                email address of record on file with Arby’s which message contains such modifications or
                indicates that such modifications are available electronically on the Arby’s System extranet
                (i.e. www.myarbys.com or its successor) or by way of any similar method of notifying the
                Arby’s System of modifications to the Manual that Arby’s may hereafter establish. Arby’s
                may require Franchisee to access electronically the Manual (via Internet, extranet, including
                on www.myarbys.com or its successor, or other electronic means). The contents of the
                Manual are confidential and neither Franchisee nor any of Franchisee’s employees or
                representatives will at any time copy, duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce any part of
                the Manual. In any dispute concerning the contents of the Manual, the master version of the
                Manual maintained at Arby’s headquarters will control. The Manual as modified from time
                to time by Arby’s is part of this Agreement as if fully set forth within the terms hereof.

                Although Arby’s retains the right to establish and periodically modify the operating
                standards that Franchisee must follow, Franchisee retains the responsibility for the day-to-
                day management and operation of the Restaurant and implementing and maintaining
                operating standards at the Restaurant. To the extent that the Manual or operating standards
                contains employee-related policies or procedures that might apply to Franchisee’s
                employees, those policies and procedures are provided for informational purposes only and
                do not represent mandatory policies and procedures to be implemented by Franchisee.
                Franchisee shall determine to what extent, if any, these policies and procedures may be
                applicable to Franchisee’s operations at the Restaurant. Arby’s and Franchisee recognize
                that Arby’s neither dictates nor controls labor or employment matters for franchisees and
                that Franchisee, and not Arby’s, is solely responsible for dictating the terms and conditions
                of employment for Franchisee’s employees.

        4:1:2   COMMENCE OPERATION

                Franchisee will commence operation of the Franchised Business within thirty (30) calendar
                days after the execution of this Franchise Agreement or such extended period as may be
                                                       6
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit D – Franchise Agreement
1625640324.5
