                                    ARBY’S FRANCHISOR, LLC AND SUBSIDIARY
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     •   entering into a guarantee and collateral agreement, pursuant to which the Company guarantees, together with other
         guarantors, notes (see Note 5) and may guaranty additional series of notes as issued from time to time under a base
         indenture dated November 13, 2015 (the "Indenture"), and pursuant to which it has granted to the trustee a lien on
         substantially all of its assets as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture and the obligations of the
         Company under such guarantee and collateral agreement;
     •   entering into the Management Agreement; and
     •   entering into documents related to the Securitization Transaction to which it is a party and undertaking any other
         activities related thereto.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Principles of Consolidation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements which include the Company’s accounts and the accounts of its
     subsidiary, have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP").
     All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     Use of Estimates

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
     date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
     periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Fiscal Year

     The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31 and are
     referred to herein as (1) "the year ended December 28, 2025" or "2025," (2) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024"
     and (3) "the year ended December 31, 2023" or "2023." The years 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of 52 weeks.

     Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

     The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
     maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company maintained
     balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
     months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.

     The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
     restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.

     Restricted cash primarily consists of cash held to meet certain reserve requirements in conjunction with the Securitization
     Transaction.

     Accounts Receivable, net

     The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
     franchise agreements. These receivables from franchisees are due within 30 days of the period in which the corresponding
     sales occur and are classified as "Accounts receivable, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company monitors
     accounts receivable and estimates the allowance for credit losses based upon the lifetime expected loss on receivables. These
     estimates are based on historical collection experience as well as other factors, including those related to current market
     conditions and events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its determination, the ultimate
     recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond its
     control.




                                                                 -8-
