                                                                                        DA # ______________



        (b)     The Franchise Fee for each Franchise Agreement must be paid upon the earlier of either
                ninety (90) calendar days prior to the scheduled opening or upon commencement of
                construction.

        (c)     All Franchise Agreements issued pursuant to this Development Agreement will contain
                generally the same terms and conditions as are being offered to other franchisees similarly
                situated at the time of issuance, including without limitation those pertaining to the duration
                of the Franchise Agreement, except that, as long as Developer fully complies with this
                Development Agreement, the fees payable under each Franchise Agreement will reflect
                the royalty and/or franchise fee incentive programs listed in the Contract Data Schedule. If
                Developer fails to comply with the Development Schedule or any other provision of this
                Development Agreement, then, without limiting Arby’s other rights and remedies,
                including without limitation the right to terminate this Development Agreement pursuant
                to Section 13, Developer shall no longer be eligible for any royalty and/or franchise
                incentive programs listed in the Contract Data Schedule.

        (d)     As a condition to Arby’s execution of each Franchise Agreement, Arby’s may require
                Developer’s principals, or its ultimate parent company, if any, (the “Guarantors”) to
                execute, in a form acceptable to Arby’s in its sole judgment, a guaranty to secure payment
                of royalties and other fees required to be paid and performance of all obligations under the
                Franchise Agreement.

        (e)     Developer shall comply with Arby’s then-current franchising policies and procedures for
                issuance of the Franchise Agreements. Arby’s need not issue a Franchise Agreement if
                Developer does not meet Arby’s then-current franchising policies and procedures for
                issuance of the Franchise Agreements.

        (f)     Arby’s shall be under no obligation to execute and issue a Franchise Agreement if
                Developer is in breach or default of any other License or Franchise Agreement between
                Arby’s and Developer, or if Developer is not eligible for expansion pursuant to Arby’s
                then-current criteria for expansion.

        (g)     Arby’s shall be under no obligation to execute and issue a Franchise Agreement unless
                Developer has complied in a timely manner with all terms and conditions of this
                Development Agreement and has satisfied all requirements set forth herein (including
                construction and training requirements) with respect to the pertinent accepted site.

        (h)      If and when a Franchise Agreement is executed by Arby’s, it shall govern the relations
                between the parties with respect to the pertinent Restaurant.

        12.     NO RIGHT TO OPERATE OR USE TRADEMARKS. Except as provided herein,
Developer acknowledges that until a Franchise Agreement has been issued for a specified site, Developer
shall not have or be entitled to exercise any of the rights, powers and privileges granted by the Franchise
Agreement, including without limitation the right to use Arby's Trademarks; that the execution of this
Development Agreement shall not be deemed to grant any such rights, powers or privileges to Developer;
and that Developer may not under any circumstances commence operation of any Arby's Restaurant prior
to execution by Arby's of a Franchise Agreement for the pertinent location.




                                                      4
2026 Arby’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625640325.2
