Under the terms of the settlement, DBI agreed not to enforce either version of the no-poaching
provision or assist Dunkin’s franchisees in enforcing that provision. In addition, DBI agreed to seek
the amendment of 128 franchise agreements that contain a no-poaching provision that bars a
franchisee from hiring the employees of another Dunkin’ franchisee. The effect of the amendment
would be to remove the no-poaching provision. DBI expressly denied in the settlement agreement
that it had engaged in any conduct that had violated state or federal law, and, furthermore, the
settlement agreement stated that such agreement should not be construed as an admission of law, fact,
liability, misconduct, or wrongdoing on the part of DBI. The Attorney General of the State of
California filed the above-reference lawsuit in order to place the settlement agreement in the public
record, and the action was closed after the court approved the parties’ stipulation of judgment.

New York v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (N.Y. Supreme Court for New York County, Case No.
451787/2019, filed September 26, 2019). In this matter, the N.Y. Attorney General (“NYAG”) filed
a lawsuit against our affiliate, DBI, related to credential-stuffing cyberattacks during 2015 and 2018.
The NYAG alleged that the cyber attackers used individuals’ credentials obtained from elsewhere on
the Internet to gain access to certain information for DD Perks customers and others who had
registered a Dunkin’ gift card. The NYAG further alleged that DBI failed to adequately notify
customers and to adequately investigate and disclose the security breaches, which the NYAG alleged
violated the New York laws concerning data privacy as well as unfair trade practices. On September
21, 2020, without admitting or denying the NYAG’s allegations, DBI and the NYAG entered into a
consent agreement to resolve the State’s complaint. Under the consent order, DBI agreed to pay
$650,000 in penalties and costs, issue certain notices and other types of communications to New York
customers, and maintain a comprehensive information security program through September 2026,
including precautions and response measures for credential-stuffing attacks.

In the Matter of Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV LLC (Securities Commissioner of Maryland, Case
No. 2025-0122). On March 28, 2022, JJF filed a Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) with the
Maryland Securities Division as part of a notice of exemption from franchise registration. In this
filing, JJF listed the former franchisees but omitted the required contact information for the majority
of those franchisees. The Maryland Securities Commissioner asserted that this omission violated the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
Franchise Rule, and the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA)
Guidelines, all of which require franchisors to provide contact information for former franchisees in
their FDDs. JJF asserted that the omission was inadvertent and not material, but in order to avoid the
time commitment and expense of administrative or judicial proceedings, the Maryland Securities
Commissioner and JJF entered into a Consent Order on June 9, 2025. Under the terms of the Consent
Order, JJF agreed to pay a $30,000 civil monetary penalty, to permanently cease and desist from the
offer or sale of franchises in violation of the Maryland Franchise Law, and to disclose the existence
of the Consent Order in future franchise disclosure documents.

Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                              ITEM 4
                                           BANKRUPTCY

No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.



                                                   20
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
