and at the location we approve, then we will waive the initial franchise fee, provide you with a Royalty
Fee credit equal to $7,500, and you will pay reduced Royalty Fees and Advertising and Marketing
Service Fees (as also described in Item 6), for each new Traditional Restaurant you develop and
operate in compliance with the Development Agreement (plus any existing Traditional Restaurant(s)
under the development schedule that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of the
date you sign the Incentive Amendment to your existing Development Agreement). Additionally, if
you qualify for the Standard incentive program, and the Standard incentive program is applied to a
Traditional Restaurant that is located within a 2.5 mile radius of one of your Qualified Existing
Restaurants, then we will credit the $12,500 development fee towards the Royalty Fees due under the
applicable Franchise Agreement. A “Qualified Existing Arby’s Restaurant” means any Traditional
or Non-Traditional Restaurant owned and operated by you or your affiliate.

If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then the Standard incentive program will not
apply. The Standard incentive program does not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise
Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant at a Non-
Traditional Location, as a relocation of an existing or closed Restaurant (except as described above),
or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an existing Restaurant.

Relocation Incentive. The “Relocation Incentive” program is designed to encourage franchisees to
relocate their Traditional Restaurant to a new location. You may qualify for the Relocation Incentive
program if you relocate your Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the terms of your existing
Franchise Agreement and our Standards, and you complete the relocation and re-open and resume
operations of the Traditional Restaurant on or before the earlier of the date that is 6 months after the
date the Restaurant closes for relocation or December 31 of the calendar year in which the Restaurant
closes for relocation. If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement
between you (or your affiliates) and us (including the Franchise Agreement related to the relocating
Traditional Restaurant) when you open the Restaurant, you submit all development costs to us in the
form we require within 120 days after the completion of the remodel of the Traditional Restaurant,
and you develop and open the relocated Traditional Restaurant in the design and to the specifications
we approve, then we will waive the Development Fee, initial franchise fee, and any other initial fees
related to the relocated Traditional Restaurant, and you will pay reduced Royalty Fees as described
in Item 6. If you fail to satisfy these conditions, then the Relocation Incentive will not apply to the
relocated Traditional Restaurant. The Relocation Incentive may not be combined with other
incentives.

In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.

                                                  ITEM 6
                                                OTHER FEES

     (1)                         (2)                     (3)                      (4)
  Type of Fee                 Amount                   Due Date                 Remarks
                    4% of Gross Sales, subject
                                                    Payable monthly
                    to applicable incentives.1, 2
                                                    on or before the
Royalty Fee         6.2% of Gross Sales for
                                                    10th day of the
                    Non-Traditional
                                                    following month.
                    Restaurants.1, 2



                                                       23
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
