       In addition, if you qualify for the Relocation Incentive and the Restaurant opens on or before
       December 31, 2028, we will also provide you with a Royalty Fee credit equal to $50,000. We
       describe the conditions to qualify for the Standard and Relocation Incentive programs in Item
       5.

       Early Opening Incentive. The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize
       franchisees to develop and commence operations of their Traditional Restaurants before the
       required opening date identified in their Development Agreement. If you qualify for the
       Standard incentive program, and you open the Traditional Restaurant before the required
       opening date identified in the Development Agreement, then we will charge you a 0% Royalty
       Fee from the date you open and commence operations of the Traditional Restaurant until the
       required opening date identified in the Development Agreement, up to 6 months, then the
       applicable Royalty Fee rate will apply. You may combine the Early Opening Incentive with
       the Standard incentive program described in Item 5.

       VetFran Program. The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for
       honorably discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran
       or returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
       Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies and signs a
       Development Agreement to develop one or more Traditional Restaurants. Under the VetFran
       Program, if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement
       between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Traditional Restaurant, you open
       the Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement (including the
       Development Schedule), you submit development costs to us in the form we require within
       120 days of opening the Traditional Restaurant, and you build the Traditional Restaurant in
       the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then we will provide you a
       Royalty Fee credit equal to $10,000 for each Traditional Restaurant you develop and open
       under the Development Agreement, up to $100,000. You may combine the VetFran Program
       with our other incentive programs described in Item 5 and Item 6.

       Pioneer Incentive. The “Pioneer Incentive” program is designed to increase the penetration
       and presence of the Arby’s® brand in certain areas of the United States. You may qualify to
       participate in the Pioneer Incentive program if you are the first person to sign a Development
       Agreement on or before March 31, 2027 to develop 2 or more new Traditional Restaurants
       located within Connecticut, District of Columbia, Hawaii, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
       Rhode Island, or Vermont. Under the Pioneer Incentive, if you (and your affiliates) are in
       substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you
       open the Traditional Restaurant, you open the Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the
       Development Agreement (including the Development Schedule), you submit development
       costs to us in the form we require within 120 days of opening the Traditional Restaurant, and
       you build the Traditional Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we
       approve, then we will provide a $50,000 Royalty Fee credit for each of the first 2 Traditional
       Restaurants developed under the Development Agreement. As stated above, this Pioneer
       Incentive is only available to the first person to sign a Development Agreement to develop
       and operate 2 or more Traditional Restaurants within the states identified above, and therefore
       may not be available to you even if you sign a new Development Agreement to develop 2 or
       more new Restaurants within the states identified above. You may combine the Pioneer
       Incentive with our other incentive programs described in Item 5 and Item 6.
                                                  28
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
