                                ARBY’S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

     Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries, "Arby’s," or the "Company") is a wholly owned subsidiary
     of IRB Holding Corp. ("IRB" or "Parent") whose ultimate parent is Inspire Brands, Inc. ("Inspire"). The Company operates
     within the quick service restaurant category and features a variety of specialty sandwiches and beverages.

     As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company had the following franchised and Company-owned
     restaurants:

                                                                                                                          2024
     Unit Count                                                                                        2025
     Franchised                                                                                               2,587              2,517
     Company-owned                                                                                             921               1,079
       Total System                                                                                           3,508              3,596

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Principles of Consolidation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
     accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     The consolidated financial statements include the Company's accounts and the accounts of entities in which the Company
     has a controlling financial interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority voting interest. The Company
     also considers for consolidation entities in which it has certain interests, where the controlling financial interest may be
     achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a variable interest entity
     ("VIE"), is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The Company has determined that AFA Service
     Corporation ("AFA"), which is organized for the purposes of marketing and advertising the Arby's brand, is a VIE. The
     Company holds a variable interest in AFA and is the primary beneficiary, as it is the entity that possesses the power to direct
     the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or
     the right to receive benefits from the VIE that are significant. Because the Company is the primary beneficiary, it
     consolidates AFA in its consolidated financial statements.

     Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
     date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
     periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     Fiscal Year

     The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31 and are
     referred to herein as (1) "the year ended December 28, 2025" or "2025," (2) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024"
     and (3) "the year ended December 31, 2023" or "2023." The years 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of 52 weeks.

     Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

     The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
     maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company maintained
     balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
     months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.

     The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
     restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.




                                                                 -7-
