                               ARBY’S FRANCHISOR, LLC AND SUBSIDIARY
                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Intangible Assets, net

Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of
intangible assets. Estimated useful lives are 20 years for franchise and development agreements. The trademark/trade name
is not amortized as it is considered to have an indefinite useful life.

The Company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the related asset groups may not be recoverable. The Company reviews indefinite-lived
intangible assets for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, and more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset may not be
recoverable. If such reviews indicate an intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the
excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset. The Company uses the relief from royalty method
to determine the fair value of its trademark/trade name. Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value
include future revenues, the royalty rate, terminal value, and a discount rate.

During the fourth quarter of fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company completed its impairment test for its indefinite-
lived intangible asset and no impairment was indicated.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.

Franchise fees and royalty revenues

"Franchise fees and royalty revenues" and "Franchise fees and royalty revenues from affiliates" include royalties and
franchise fees. Royalties from franchised and affiliate restaurants are based on a percentage of net sales of the restaurant and
are recognized as earned. Initial franchise fees are recorded within "Current portion of deferred revenue", "Deferred revenue
from affiliates", or "Deferred revenue" on the Company's consolidated balance sheets when received and recognized as
revenue over the contractual term of the franchise agreement, once a franchised restaurant is opened. Renewal franchise fees
are recognized as revenue over the contractual term of the franchise agreement once the license agreement is signed and the
fee is paid. Franchise commitment fee deposits are forfeited and recognized as revenue upon the termination of the related
commitments to open new franchised restaurants.

Other revenues

"Other revenues" primarily consist of training fees generated from providing training to the franchisees’ owners and
employees as offered by the Company pursuant to the terms of the franchise agreement as well as license fees for Arby's
brand products sold in certain retail outlets.

Income Taxes

The Company is a single-member limited liability company which has not elected to be taxed as an association, and
consequently, is not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Federal and state income taxes are the responsibility of
ARG. Therefore, no U.S. or state income taxes, or deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recorded in the consolidated
financial statements.

Fair Value Measurements

The Company’s financial instruments include restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts
payable. The fair value of restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates book
value due to their short-term nature. The carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for
impairment or more frequently if an event occurs that indicates an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value
measurements with unobservable inputs.




                                                           -9-
