any court regarding any of the copyrighted materials. We do not know of either superior prior rights
or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the copyrighted materials.

You must promptly inform us, in writing, when you learn about any infringement or unauthorized use
of our proprietary information or copyrighted materials. We or Arby’s IP Holder has the sole right
to determine whether to take any legal action concerning any infringement or claims and to control
and direct any administrative proceeding or litigation involving the copyrighted materials or
proprietary information. We will pay the cost of any litigation or administrative action for policing
the copyrighted materials or proprietary information against infringement. We are not obligated,
however, to institute legal or other action to protect you against claims arising from your use of the
copyrighted materials or proprietary information. We need not participate in your defense nor
indemnify you for expenses and damages if you are a party to any administrative or judicial
proceeding involving the copyrighted materials or proprietary information. You may not take any
legal action for infringement or unfair competition concerning the copyrighted materials or
proprietary information without our consent. We or Arby’s IP Holder has the right to control any
administrative proceedings or litigation involving copyrighted materials or proprietary information.

Our license agreement with Arby’s IP Holder authorizes us to use and sublicense the use of the
proprietary information and other Arby’s intellectual property in our franchise program. There are
no other agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our right to use or license the use of
the proprietary information.

Confidential Information

You may never reveal any of our confidential information to another person or use it for any other
purpose or business and must take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary
information. You may use the proprietary information and copyrighted materials only according to
the Franchise Agreement and Manual. You must follow our directions in using the proprietary
information and copyrighted and any modified or new materials. If we require you to modify or
discontinue use of any proprietary information and copyrighted materials, we do not have to
compensate you. This modification or discontinuance will not provide you with any termination or
other rights.
                                           ITEM 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE
                                          BUSINESS

You must at all times faithfully, honestly, and diligently perform your obligations under the Franchise
Agreement, continuously exert your best efforts to promote and enhance the Arby’s Restaurant, and
not engage in any other business or activity that conflicts with your obligations to operate the Arby’s
Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement. It is your responsibility to protect and assure
the confidentiality of any proprietary information and trade secrets like methods, procedures, layouts,
standards, specifications, designs, recipes and rules, or knowledge you obtain concerning the
operation of the Restaurant which may be disclosed to managers and other persons having an interest
in the Restaurant.

You (or, if you are a business entity, your owners) have no obligation to participate personally in the
direct operation of the Restaurant, although we recommend you do so. However, for each of your
first and second Restaurants, you must at all times employ 2 managers (4 total) who have completed

                                                  55
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
