       Based on the current tiered rate structure for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee
       (which AFA may change in the future), your minimum Local Market and Local Cooperative
       will vary depending on the market in which you are located and the dues paid to the AFA,
       ranging from 0.2% to 1.98%.

       We pay the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee for Non-Traditional Restaurants from our
       royalty and forward the payment to AFA, and Non-Traditional Restaurants do not participate
       in Local Cooperative Area Advertising programs.

       Effective as of April 12, 2023, we and the AFA Board of Directors have approved discounts
       on amounts that qualifying franchisees will pay as AFA dues and the Advertising and
       Marketing Service Fee. If you qualify for the Standard incentive program, then the
       Advertising and Marketing Service Fee is reduced as follows:

              Duration of Effective Advertising and        Discount on Advertising and Marketing
                     Marketing Service Fee                              Service Fee*
                     Opening through Year 3                    75% discount off standard dues
                             Year 4                            50% discount off standard dues
               Year 5 through remainder of the term                    standard dues

       * You must pay at least the then-current minimum Advertising and Marketing Service Fee
       that is set by the AFA to cover fixed operational expenses. The current minimum Advertising
       and Marketing Service Fee is 0.85% of Gross Sales.

       Although the Franchise Agreement requires a current minimum aggregate advertising
       expenditure (for the Advertising and Marketing Service Fee, Local Market Advertising and
       Cooperative Area Advertising) of 5.2% of Gross Sales for Traditional Restaurants qualifying
       for the Standard incentive program, we will calculate the required Local Market Advertising
       spending requirement based on the undiscounted Advertising and Marketing Service Fee. In
       other words, we will not increase the Local Market Advertising spending requirement to offset
       the reduced Advertising and Marketing Service Fee. However, the Standard incentive
       program does not impact your Traditional Restaurant’s required contributions for Cooperative
       Area Advertising. You still must contribute the amount that the cooperative requires.

       The Standard incentive program does not impact your Traditional Restaurant’s required
       contributions for Local Cooperative Area Advertising. You must contribute the amount that
       the cooperative requires.

       We describe the conditions to qualify for the Standard incentive program in Item 5.

(5)    You also must pay costs of transportation, room, and board for your personnel. We pay no
       compensation of any kind to you or your employees while training and we will not reimburse
       you for any expenses associated with training. We may require you to purchase access to
       training videos or other instructional materials from us. We may in our sole judgment specify
       additional training requirements, including supplemental or refresher training programs for
       you, your managers and/or employees. These additional training requirements may require
       that you pay all associated costs and expenses (including training fees).

                                                      30
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
