       and other information relative to your other obligations under the Franchise Agreement and
       in the operation of the business. The Manual contains confidential proprietary information
       and you must return any paper copies of the Manual to us when the Franchise Agreement
       terminates or expires for any reason. We may supplement, modify, and revise the Manual
       electronically or in hard copy. (Sections 1:1 and 4:1:1 of the FA)

       The following table identifies the subjects contained in the Manual’s written materials and the
       number of pages devoted to each subject.

                                    Manual Section
                      Operations                                           306
                      Operating Systems & Tools                            105
                      Cleaning & Sanitation/Ecolab                         80
                      Safety                                               124
                      Business Practices                                   43
                      Total                                                658

Ongoing Obligations

After you open your Restaurant, we will:

(1)    Manage certain advertising and marketing programs. We describe our and your advertising
       and marketing obligations below in this Item. (Sections 10 and 11 of FA)

(2)    Consider for approval proposed new specifications and suppliers. (Section 7:2:1 of FA)

(3)    Continue to provide you access to updates to the Manual. (Section 4:1 of the FA)

(4)    Before you begin any refresh and upgrade, approve or deny your proposed specifications.
       (Section 5:3 of the FA)

Opening of the Restaurant

You must open your Restaurant for business on or before the later of (a) the date specified in your
Development Agreement for opening the Restaurant, and (b) 30 calendar days after we and you sign
the Franchise Agreement. We estimate the typical length of time between paying the development
fee for a Restaurant (which is when you first pay consideration to us for that Restaurant) and the
opening of the Restaurant to be between 90 and 540 calendar days. The time to open depends on
such factors as the Development Schedule (if any), site selection, lease negotiations, obtaining
acceptable financing arrangements, necessary zoning and building permits, meeting other local
ordinances or community requirements, weather conditions, shortages, slow delivery and other
factors concerning completion of construction, remodeling, decorating, purchasing and installing
equipment, fixtures, signs and similar factors, and the completion of pre-opening hiring and training
of the employees.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and begin
operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Section 4(b) of
the MBA)

                                                 43
Arby’s | 2026 FDD
1625640323.4
