 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-23 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
14. 
TECHNOLOGY 
 Technology 
 
You must utilize the technology, including software, computer hardware and components, point of sale 
system with multiple terminals, cash register(s), communication equipment, printers, computer 
workstations, and a kitchen video system and all related connectivity devices and other related accessories 
or peripheral equipment (collectively, “Technology”) that we require. We may change the Technology you 
must use for your Franchised Business at any time.  You will utilize the Technology with the Franchised 
Business under our policies and procedures in the Operations Manual.  You must pay the Technology Fee 
for the use of certain technologies used in the operation of your Franchised Business.  We may require you 
to sign certain agreements with us in connection with the usage and protection of such Technology, 
including but not limited to the Terms of Service Agreement attached as Exhibit H-7 of our Franchise 
Disclosure Document and the BostonLink Agreement attached as Exhibit H-8 of our Franchise Disclosure 
Document.  For other required Technology, you agree at your expense to use any approved supplier we 
require.  We may change or add approved suppliers of this Technology at any time, in our sole discretion.  
You will, at your expense, purchase and maintain any required communication services, Internet services 
(including the requirement to maintain a high-speed Internet connection), dedicated telephone and power 
lines.  You acknowledge and agree that changes to Technology are dynamic and not predictable within the 
Term of this Franchise Agreement.  To provide for inevitable but unpredictable changes to technological 
needs and opportunities, you agree that we may establish, in writing, reasonable new standards for 
implementing Technology in the System and you agree to comply with those reasonable new standards we 
establish as if we periodically revised this Section for that purpose. You will keep the Technology in good 
maintenance and repair, and you will promptly install, at your expense, any additions, changes, 
modifications or substitutions to Technology, as we may specify periodically. There is no limitation on the 
frequency and cost of your obligation to maintain, update or upgrade your Technology or its components.  
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for protecting your Franchised Business from computer 
viruses, bugs, failures, data breaches and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders in the 
Technology. 
 Proprietary Software 
We may also develop proprietary software or technology that must be used by Boston’s franchisees. If 
this occurs, you agree to enter into a license agreement with us (or an affiliate of ours) and pay us (or our 
affiliate) commercially reasonable licensing, support and maintenance fees.  The license agreement will 
govern the terms under which you may utilize this software or technology. We also reserve the right to 
enter into a master software or technology license agreement with a third-party licensor and then sublicense 
the software or technology to you, in which case we may charge you for all amounts we must pay to the 
licensor based on your use of the software or technology.    
 Our Access 
You will provide any assistance we require to connect to the Technology.  We will have the right at any 
time to retrieve data and other information from your Technology as we, in our sole discretion, deem 
necessary or desirable.  You shall ensure that we have access at all times to any Technology we request, at 
your cost.  You must provide us with any and all requested codes, passwords and information necessary to 
access your Technology.  You must receive our prior approval before changing such codes, passwords and 
other necessary information.   
