 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-14 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
18. 
COVENANTS 
18.1 For purposes of this Area Development Agreement, “Intellectual Property” means the Marks, 
our copyrighted materials, “Confidential Information” (defined below), the System and “Improvements” 
(defined below). Any unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property constitutes an infringement of our 
rights.  You agree to comply with all directives of ours including in our confidential operations manual 
governing your use of the Intellectual Property.  This Area Development Agreement does not confer to 
you any goodwill, title or interest in any of the Intellectual Property.  You agree that during the term of 
this Area Development Agreement and after its termination or  expiration you will not, directly or 
indirectly, contest our interest in the Intellectual Property.  For purposes of this Area Development 
Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all of our trade secrets and other proprietary information 
relating to the development, construction, marketing and/or operation of a Boston’s Restaurant Franchise, 
including, but not limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, policies, marketing 
strategies and information comprising the System, our confidential operations manual, written directives 
and all drawings, equipment, computer and point of sale programs (and output from such programs), and 
any other information, know-how, techniques, material and data imparted or made available by us to you. 
For purposes of this Area Development Agreement, “Improvements” means any improvements or 
additions to the System, marketing, method of operation, or the products or services offered by a Boston’s 
Restaurant Franchise. 
18.2 You acknowledge that you will use the Confidential Information only in the development and 
operation of Boston’s Restaurant Franchises, and you will not disclose Confidential Information to others, 
except as expressly authorized by this Area Development Agreement or your franchise agreement(s) with 
us.  You will take all actions to preserve the confidentiality of all Confidential Information.  You will not 
copy or permit copying of Confidential Information.  Your obligations under this Section begin when you 
sign this Area Development Agreement and continue for trade secrets as long as they remain secret, and, 
for other Confidential Information, for as long as we continue to use the information in confidence (even 
if edited or revised) plus an additional three years afterwards.  We will respond promptly and in good 
faith to any inquiry by you about continued protection of any Confidential Information.  The restrictions 
on the disclosure and use of the Confidential Information will not apply to disclosure of Confidential 
Information: (i) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an 
attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (ii) made in a 
complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; or 
(iii) made in cases of suit for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law, disclosure 
of Confidential Information to an attorney, and for use of the Confidential Information in such court 
proceeding, so long as any document containing the Confidential Information is filed under seal and 
Confidential Information is not otherwise disclosed pursuant to a court order. We do not make any 
representation or warranty that your use of the System and Confidential Information will not infringe on 
the patent, copyright or other proprietary rights of third parties.  You agree that we will have no liability 
to you if the System and/or any Confidential Information is held not to be secret or confidential or in the 
event that any infringement of others’ proprietary rights occurs because of your use of the System and 
Confidential Information. 
18.3  The covenants in this Section 18 shall be referred to as the “Brand Covenants.”  You 
acknowledge that the System is distinctive and has been developed by us and/or our affiliates at great 
effort, time and expense, and that the Intellectual Property and the training and assistance we provide 
would not be acquired except through implementation of this Area Development Agreement.  You also 
acknowledge that competition by you, the Owners, or persons associated with you or the Owners 
(including family members) could jeopardize the entire System because you and the Owners have 
received an advantage through knowledge of our day-to-day operations and Confidential Information 
