 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
7 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
you choose is less than $20,000, any portion of the Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance amount that is 
unused as of the opening date of your Restaurant will be used for marketing your Restaurant after opening. 
 
All of the initial fees described in this Item 5 are non-refundable and uniformly imposed. 
 
Area Development Agreement 
 
Franchisees may also purchase the rights to open Boston’s Businesses in a Development Territory 
by signing our “Area Development Agreement” (attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document as Exhibit 
D) and paying a development fee (“Development Fee”).  The Development Fee is equal to $50,000 
multiplied by the number of Restaurants to be developed.  The amount paid for each Restaurant as a 
Development Fee will be credited against the Initial Franchise Fee for that Restaurant when you sign the 
Franchise Agreement (all other fees will apply).  The Development Fee is uniform, payable when you sign 
your Area Development Agreement and is non-refundable under any circumstances, even if you fail to open 
any Boston’s Businesses.  Area Developers must commit to open a minimum of two Boston’s Businesses.  
During our last fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we did not collect any Development Fees. 
 
If you form an entity to open any of the Boston’s Businesses within the Development Territory, 
you must own at least 51% of each entity.  You must provide us with necessary documentation to show 
your ownership interest. 
 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
Type of Fee(1) 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Royalty(2) 
5% of your weekly Gross 
Sales 
Due on or before 
Thursday of each 
week 
The “Royalty” is based on “Gross Sales” 
during the previous week.  Your Royalty is 
an ongoing payment that allows you to use 
the Marks and the intellectual property of 
the System and pays for our ongoing 
support and assistance. 
Brand Fund 
Contribution 
3% of your weekly Gross 
Sales 
Same as Royalty 
This “Brand Fund Contribution” is used 
for a system-wide “Brand Fund” for our 
use in promoting and building the 
Boston’s brand.  This fund was previously 
called the advertising fund. 
Local 
Advertising 
Payment 
The difference between the 
amount you spent on local 
advertising each month and 
your required local 
advertising expenditure 
(1%) 
Payable after receipt 
of invoice 
If you fail to meet your required local 
advertising 
requirement 
on 
local 
advertising, you must pay the difference 
between the amount you spent and the 
required advertising expenditure, which 
will be contributed to the Brand Fund, if 
established, or us. 
