 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-7 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
parties intend that this Area Development Agreement be interpreted in a way as to grant you any rights to 
grant sub-franchises in the Development Territory. 
 
Any email correspondence or other form of informal electronic communication shall not be deemed to 
modify this Area Development Agreement unless such communication is signed by both parties and 
specifically states that it is intended to modify this Area Development Agreement.  The attachments are 
part of this Area Development Agreement, which, together with any amendments or addenda executed on 
or after the Effective Date, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties, and there are 
no other oral or written understandings or agreements between us and you about the subject matter of this 
Area Development Agreement.   
 
This Section is intended to define the nature and extent of the parties’ mutual contractual intent, and 
serves to show that there is no intention to enter into contract relations other than the terms contained in 
this Area Development Agreement.  The parties acknowledge that these limitations are intended to 
achieve the highest possible degree of certainty in the definition of the contract being formed, in 
recognition of the fact that uncertainty creates economic risks for both parties which, if not addressed as 
provided in this Area Development Agreement, would affect the economic terms of this bargain. 
   
12. 
OUR RELATIONSHIP 
It is acknowledged and agreed that you and we are independent contractors and nothing contained 
herein shall be construed as constituting you as the agent, partner or legal representative of us for any 
purpose whatsoever.  You shall enter into contracts for the development of the Development Territory 
contemplated by this Area Development Agreement at your sole risk and expense, and shall be solely 
responsible for the direction, control, supervision and management of your agents and employees.  You 
acknowledge that you do not have authority to incur any obligations, responsibilities or liabilities on 
behalf of us, or to bind us by any representations or warranties, and agree not to hold yourself out as 
having this authority. 
   
You or your affiliate (if applicable) must determine appropriate staffing levels for each of your 
Boston’s Restaurant Businesses developed under this Area Development Agreement to ensure full 
compliance with each of the individual franchise agreements and our System standards.  You or your 
affiliate are solely responsible to hire, train and supervise employees or independent contractors to assist 
with the proper operation of the Boston’s Restaurant Businesses.  You or your affiliate must pay all 
wages, commissions, fringe benefits, worker’s compensation premiums and payroll taxes (and other 
withholdings levied or fixed by any city, state or federal governmental agency, or otherwise required by 
law) due for your employees or as applicable, for your independent contractors.  These employees and 
independent contractors will be your or your affiliate’s employees or contractors, not ours.  We do not 
control the day-to-day activities of your employees or independent contractors or the manner in which 
they perform their assigned tasks.  You or your affiliate must inform your employees and independent 
contractors that you are exclusively responsible for supervising their activities and dictating the manner in 
which they perform their assigned tasks.  In this regard, you or your affiliate must use your legal business 
Entity name (not our Marks or a fictitious name) on all employee applications, paystubs, pay checks, 
employment agreements, consulting agreements, time cards and similar items.   
 
You have sole responsibility and authority for all employment-related decisions, including employee 
selection and promotion, firing, hours worked, rates of pay and other benefits, work assignments, training 
and working conditions, compliance with wage and hour requirements, personnel policies, recordkeeping, 
supervision and discipline.  We will not provide you with any advice or guidance on these matters. You 
must require your employees and independent contractors to review and sign any acknowledgment form 
