 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-39 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 Identifiers and Advertisements 
Immediately stop using all telephone numbers, advertisements, domain names and social media 
accounts associated with the Franchised Business.  Notify all telephone companies, listing agencies, social 
media companies and domain name registration companies (collectively, the “Agencies”) of the termination 
or expiration of your right to use the following, and immediately transfer to us: (A) the telephone numbers, 
accounts and/or domain names, if applicable, related to the operation of your Franchised Business; and (B) 
any online listings associated with the Marks (you hereby authorize the Agencies to transfer such telephone 
numbers, domain names and listings to us and you authorize us, and appoint us and any officer we designate 
as your attorney-in-fact to direct the Agencies to transfer the telephone numbers, domain names and listings 
to us if you fail or refuse to do so). 
 Modifications 
Remove all trade dress, equipment, software and property owned by us and make such modifications 
and alterations to the Premises that are necessary or that we require to prevent any association between us 
or the System and any business subsequently operated by you or any third party using any of the inventory, 
Vehicles, equipment used in the operation of the Franchised Business; provided, however, that this 
subsection shall not apply if your Franchised Business is transferred to an approved transferee or if we 
exercise our right to purchase your entire Franchised Business.  If you fail to do so, you must pay us any 
expenses we incur to de-identify your Premises.   
 Customers 
We may contact customers of your Franchised Business and offer such customers continued rights to 
use one or more Boston’s franchises on such terms and conditions we deem appropriate, which in no event 
will include assumption of any then-existing liability arising or relating to those customers or act or failure 
to act by you or your Franchised Business. 
 Compliance Evidence 
Provide us with written satisfactory evidence of your compliance with the above obligations within 30 
days after the effective date of the termination, expiration or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement.   
27. 
RIGHT TO PURCHASE 
 Generally 
Upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement for any reason, we will have the right 
but not the obligation to purchase from you some or all of the assets used in the Franchised Business 
(“Acquired Assets”). We may exercise our option to begin this process by giving written notice to you at 
any time following expiration or termination up until 30 days after the later of: (a) the effective date of 
expiration or termination; or (b) the date you cease operating the Franchised Business (the “Specified 
Date”). We have the right to inspect the assets used in the Franchised Business in order to determine which 
we wish to acquire and any refusal by you to cooperate with our right to inspect will extend the Specified 
Date by an equal period.  The term “Acquired Assets” means, without limitation, equipment, furnishings, 
fixtures, signs and inventory (non-perishable products, materials and supplies) used in the Franchised 
Business, all licenses necessary to operate the Franchised Business (if transferable) and the real estate fee 
simple or the lease or sublease for the  Premises. Customer information and Customer Lists are owned by 
