 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-20 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
If you wish to purchase any items or supplies from a supplier we have not approved or wish to offer any 
new product or service we have not authorized in writing, you must send us a written notice specifying the 
supplier’s name and qualifications or product or service information and provide any additional information 
we request.  We will approve or reject your request within 30 days after we receive your notice and all 
additional information (and samples) that we require.  If we fail to issue our approval within the 30-day 
period, it will have the same effect as a rejection to the request.  You must reimburse us for all costs and 
expenses we incur in reviewing a proposed supplier, product or service within ten days after invoicing.  We 
may revoke approval of any supplier, product or service in our sole discretion in which case you must stop 
purchasing from such supplier. 
 Equipment Maintenance and Changes 
You agree to keep any equipment used in the operation of your Franchised Business in good condition 
and promptly replace or repair any equipment that is damaged, worn out or obsolete.  We may require that 
you add new equipment or change, upgrade or replace your equipment, which may require you to make 
additional investments.  You acknowledge that our ability to require franchisees to make significant changes 
to their equipment is critical to our ability to administer and change the System, and you agree to comply 
with any such required change within a reasonable time period designated by us.  
 Hours of Operation 
You must keep your Franchised Business open for the minimum hours and minimum days of operation 
as specified in the Operations Manual, which may change over the Term.  Your Franchised Business must 
be open every day of the year, other than those approved national holidays listed in the Operations Manual, 
unless otherwise agreed to by us.  We may require you to establish specific hours of operation and submit 
those hours to us for approval.   
 Customer Issues 
You acknowledge the importance to the System and uniform standards of quality, service and customer 
satisfaction, and recognize the necessity of opening and operating a Franchised Business in conformity with 
the System.  You agree to manage the Franchised Business in an ethical and honorable manner, and ensure 
that all those working at the Franchised Business provide courteous and professional service to customers.  
If you receive a customer complaint, you must promptly follow the complaint resolution process we specify 
to protect the goodwill associated with the Marks.  Also, if we are contacted by a customer of your 
Franchised Business who wishes to lodge a complaint, we reserve the right to address the customer’s 
complaint to preserve goodwill and prevent damage to the Marks.  Our right to address complaints may 
include refunding money to a dissatisfied customer, in which case you must reimburse us for these amounts 
including the value of any gift card, refund or other value we provide to the customer as part of addressing 
the issue. 
We may contact any customer of your Franchised Business at any time for any purpose.  We, or our 
authorized representative, shall have the right, during regular business hours, or at such other times as we 
may mutually agree upon, to inspect all client lists and documents and records related to the Franchised 
Business.  Upon reasonable request, you must furnish to us, in whatever format we require, all client 
information and records for the Franchised Business, both active and inactive, which shall include, but not 
be limited to, names, addresses, and telephone numbers of such clients (“Customer List”).  You 
acknowledge and agree that we are the sole owner of the Customer List and that you shall not use the 
Customer List for any purpose other than for the operation of the Franchised Business or distribute, in any 
form or manner, the Customer List to any third party without our prior written consent. 
