 
 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-D-4 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
 
 
6.2 
Notice Addresses.  Our current address for all communications under this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement is: 
Boston Pizza Restaurants, LP 
14850 Quorum Drive, Suite 201 
Dallas, Texas 75254 
  
The current address of each Owner for all communications under this Area Developer Owners 
Agreement is designated on the signature page of this Area Developer Owners Agreement.  Any party 
may designate a new address for notices by giving written notice to the other parties of the new address 
according to the method set forth in the Area Development Agreement. 
 
7. 
Enforcement of This Area Developer Owners Agreement. 
  
7.1 
Dispute Resolution.  Any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions of the Area 
Development Agreement.  This agreement to engage in such dispute resolution process shall survive the 
termination or expiration of this Area Developer Owners Agreement. 
 
7.2 
Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Area Developer Owners 
Agreement and any claim or controversy arising out of, or relating to, any of the rights or obligations 
under this Area Developer Owners Agreement, and any other claim or controversy between the parties, 
will be governed by the choice of law, jurisdiction, and venue provisions of the Area Development 
Agreement.   
 
7.3 
Equitable Remedies.  Owners acknowledge and agree that the covenants and 
obligations of the Owners relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of 
the terms of such covenants and obligations will cause us irreparable injury for which adequate remedies 
are not available at law.  Therefore, Owners agree that we shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining 
order or such other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) as a court of competent 
jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain Owners from committing any violation of the 
covenants and obligations contained in this Area Developer Owners Agreement.  If equitable relief is 
granted, Owners’ only remedy will be the court’s dissolution of the injunctive relief.  If equitable relief 
was wrongfully issued, Owners expressly waive all claims for damages they incurred as a result of the 
wrongful issuance. 
  
8. 
Miscellaneous. 
  
8.1 
No Other Agreements.  This Area Developer Owners Agreement constitutes the 
entire, full, and complete agreement between the parties, and supersedes any earlier or contemporaneous 
negotiations, discussions, understandings, or agreements.  There are no representations, inducements, 
promises, agreements, arrangements, or undertakings, oral or written, between the parties relating to the 
matters covered by this Area Developer Owners Agreement, other than those in this Area Developer 
Owners Agreement.  No other obligations, restrictions, or duties that contradict or are inconsistent with 
the express terms of this Area Developer Owners Agreement may be implied into this Area Developer 
Owners Agreement.  Except for unilateral reduction of the scope of the covenants permitted in Section 3.3 
(or as otherwise expressly provided in this Area Developer Owners Agreement), no amendment, change, 
or variance from this Area Developer Owners Agreement will be binding on either party unless it is 
mutually agreed to by the parties and executed in writing.  Time is of the essence. 
  
