 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-42 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
be conducted in the city closest to our principal place of business (currently Dallas, Texas) by AAA (if 
AAA or any successor thereto is no longer available for arbitration in such city, you and we will agree on 
another arbitration organization to conduct the arbitration proceeding), in accordance with AAA’s 
Commercial Arbitration Rules and otherwise as set forth below on an individual basis (not a class action) 
(“Required Arbitration”).   
In any arbitration proceeding, each party will submit or file any claim that would constitute a compulsory 
counterclaim as defined by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure within the same proceeding as the claim it 
relates to.  Any claim that is not submitted or filed as required is forever barred.  Except for claims excluded 
from mediation and arbitration herein, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, 
shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, 
enforceability or formation of this Franchise Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or 
any part of this Franchise Agreement is void or voidable. 
28.2.1 
Notice of Arbitration. Either party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by 
making a written demand to the other party, and both parties will then be obligated to engage in arbitration.  
The demand for arbitration must be served on the other party within the period provided by the applicable 
statute of limitations, and must contain a statement setting forth the nature of the dispute, the amount 
involved, if any, and the remedies sought.  A demand for arbitration will not operate to stay, postpone or 
rescind the effectiveness of any termination of this Franchise Agreement.  Arbitration will not proceed until 
any protest of arbitrability is resolved by the arbitrator or by an appropriate court, if necessary. 
28.2.2 
Selection of Arbitrator. Arbitration will be conducted before a single, neutral 
arbitrator who is familiar with legal disputes of the type at issue and who has franchise business or contract 
experience.  The parties will mutually agree on the selection of the arbitrator; however, if the parties have 
not agreed on the selection of an arbitrator within 30 days after the arbitration demand, either party may 
request AAA or successor organization, to appoint a qualified arbitrator. 
28.2.3 
Discovery. All discovery must be completed within 60 days following 
appointment of an arbitrator, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.  Depositions will be limited to a 
maximum of five per party and will be held within 30 days after making a request.  Additional depositions 
may be scheduled only with the permission of the arbitrator and for good cause shown. Each deposition 
will be limited to a maximum of six hours duration.  Should a dispute arise over the extent of or propriety 
of any discovery request, the arbitrator will make a final determination after hearing each party’s position. 
28.2.4 
Statement of Case. At least five days before the scheduled hearing, each party must 
deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a written summary of its position on the issues in dispute. 
28.2.5 
Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator will issue a written decision within ten days 
after conclusion of the hearing, explaining the basis for the decision.  Judgment upon the decision rendered 
by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  This decision will be binding upon both 
parties.  The arbitrator will have authority to assess actual damages sustained by reason of any breach or 
wrongful termination of this Franchise Agreement, including monetary damages and interest on unpaid 
amounts from date due, specific performance, injunctive and declaratory relief, and legal fees and costs, 
but will not have any authority to amend or modify the terms of this Franchise Agreement or to assess 
exemplary or punitive damages. Except for claims excluded from mediation and arbitration herein, the 
arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any 
dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Franchise Agreement 
including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Franchise Agreement is void or voidable. 
