 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
17 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
subsequent Restaurant openings (if applicable), if you request, or if we determine, that on-site 
opening assistance is necessary, we will provide such assistance based on availability of our or 
our affiliates’ personnel, and you must pay the On-Site Opening Assistance Fee. 
15. 
Pre-opening Marketing Assistance and Media. You will be required to spend a minimum of 
$20,000 on initial marketing as discussed in Item 5. 
16. 
Inventory. You must purchase an initial inventory of food products, liquor/alcohol, beverages, 
and Restaurant supplies according to our specifications. 
17. 
Managers’ Salaries. This is an estimate of the Managers’ salaries during training and before 
opening your Restaurant. 
18. 
Insurance. This amount represents an estimate of the down payment on your annual insurance 
premiums.  If you have had prior issues or claims from previous operations unrelated to the 
operation of a Restaurant, your rates may be significantly higher than those estimated above. 
19. 
Professional Fees.  We strongly recommend that you hire a lawyer, accountant or other 
professional to advise you on this Franchise offering and to assist you in setting up your 
Boston’s Business.  Rates for professionals can vary significantly based on area and experience. 
20. 
Additional Funds.  These amounts represent our estimate of the amount needed to cover your 
expenses for the initial three-month start-up phase of your Boston’s Business.  They include 
payroll, administrative, maintenance, utilities, rent, software license fees, working capital and 
other items.  These figures do not include standard pre-opening expenses, Royalties, or 
advertising fees payable under the Franchise Agreement or debt service, and assume that none 
of your expenses are offset by any sales generated during the start-up phase.  The standard pre-
opening expenses could include expenses such as incorporation fees, taxes, employee 
recruitment and other variable costs such as internet service and mobile phones.  For purposes 
of this disclosure, we estimated the start-up phase to be three months from the date your 
Boston’s Business opens for business. The high estimate includes $1,350 for additional 
franchisee requested training.  Our estimates are based on our experience, the experience of 
our affiliates, and our current requirements for Boston’s Businesses.   
21. 
This is an estimate of your initial startup expenses for one Boston’s Business.   
 
Area Developer 
 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment is to 
be Made 
Low 
High 
Development Fee for 
Two Boston’s 
Businesses(1)  
$100,000 
$100,000 
 
Lump sum 
At the Time You 
Sign Your Area 
Development 
Agreement  
Us 
Initial Investment for 
the First Boston’s 
Business(2) 
$980,500 
$3,256,375 
Per Table 
Above 
Per Table Above 
Per Table 
Above 
