 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
40 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Provision 
Section in  
Franchise Agreement 
Summary 
m. Conditions for franchisor approval 
of transfer 
Section 16.3 
If you are in good standing and meet other 
requirements listed in Section 19.2, we may 
approve your transfer to a new owner. 
n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal 
to acquire franchisee’s business 
Section 16.2 
We have 30 days to match any offer for your 
business. 
o. Franchisor’s option to purchase 
franchisee’s business 
Section 27 
We may, but are not required to, purchase your 
Franchise, inventory or equipment at fair market 
value if your Franchise is terminated for any 
reason. 
p. Death or disability of franchisee 
Section 16.5 
The franchise agreement must be transferred or 
assigned to a qualified party within 180 days of 
death or disability or the Franchise Agreement 
may be terminated.  Your estate or legal 
representative must apply to us for the right to 
transfer to the next of kin within 120 calendar 
days of your death or disability.   
q. Non-competition covenants during 
the term of the franchise 
Section 18.2 
Subject to applicable state law, you may not 
participate in a diverting business, have owning 
interest of more than 5%, inducing any customer 
to transfer their business to you or perform 
services for a competitive business anywhere. 
You may not interfere with our or our other 
franchisees’ Boston’s Businesses. 
r. Non-competition covenants after 
the franchise is terminated or 
expires 
Section 18.3 
Owners may not have an interest in, own, 
manage, operate, finance, control or participate 
in any competitive business within: (i) a ten-
mile 
radius 
from 
Franchisee’s 
Boston’s 
business (and including the premises of the 
approved location of Franchisee); and (ii) a ten-
mile radius from all other Boston’s businesses 
that are operating or under construction as of the 
beginning of the Restricted Period; provided, 
however, that if a court of competent 
jurisdiction determines that the foregoing 
Restricted Territory is too broad to be 
enforceable, then the “Restricted Territory” 
means the geographic area within a ten-mile 
radius from Franchisee’s Boston’s business 
(and including the premises of the approved 
location of Franchisee) for two years following 
termination or expiration.  If you or your 
Responsible Owner engages in any activities 
prohibited by the Franchise Agreement during 
the restricted period, then the restricted period 
applicable to you or the non-compliant 
Responsible Owner shall be extended by the 
period of time during which you or the non-
compliant Responsible Owner, as applicable, 
