 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
32 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
participate and pay all fees and charges we, our affiliate or designated supplier incurs for your participation.  
These policies may allow other Boston’s Businesses or third parties to provide catering and delivery 
services in your Franchise Territory without compensating you. We may impose restrictions in the future 
that prevent you from providing catering and delivery services outside of your Franchise Territory. 
We retain all territory rights (for ourselves and our affiliates) not expressly granted to you.  We 
may use the Marks or the System to sell any products or services similar to those which you will sell through 
any alternate channels of distribution or non-traditional locations within or outside of the Franchise 
Territory.  We and our affiliates have the right to operate, and to license others to operate, Boston’s 
Businesses at any location outside the Franchise Territory, even if doing so will or might affect your 
operation of your Boston’s Business.  You are not granted any rights to use the Internet as a channel of 
distribution and may not independently market on the Internet or conduct e-commerce unless we have 
expressly allowed you to do so in writing. 
We may use trademarks other than the Marks to sell any products or services similar to those which 
you will sell within or outside of the Franchise Territory.  Although we reserve the rights described, neither 
we nor any affiliate operates, franchises or has plans to operate or franchise a business under a different 
trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those offered by you or our other Franchises.  
We may purchase, be purchased by, merge or otherwise acquire competitive businesses within and outside 
the Franchise Territory.  If such a situation occurs, the newly acquired businesses may not operate under 
the Marks in the Franchise Territory but may operate under the System.  We may implement multi-area 
marketing programs which may allow us or others to solicit or sell to customers anywhere.  We have the 
right to issue mandatory policies to coordinate such multi-area marketing programs.  Although we reserve 
the rights described, neither we nor any affiliate, operates, franchises or has plans to operate or franchise a 
business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those offered by you 
or our other Franchises. 
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of our rights within your Franchise Territory.  
The continuation of the Franchise Territory is not dependent upon your achievement of a certain sales 
volume, market penetration or other contingency (other than complying with the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement).  We will not be required to pay any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside your 
Franchise Territory. 
You may not relocate your Boston’s Business without our prior written approval.  We may approve 
a request to relocate your Boston’s Business in accordance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement 
that provide for the relocation of your Boston’s Business, and our then-current site selection policies and 
procedures. 
You do not receive the right to acquire additional Boston’s Businesses unless you purchase the 
right in your Area Development Agreement.  You are not given a right of first refusal on the sale of existing 
Boston’s Businesses. 
You do not receive the right to acquire additional Boston’s Businesses within the Franchise 
Territory.  You are not given a right of first refusal on the sale of existing Boston’s Businesses.  If you wish 
to purchase an additional Boston’s Business, you must apply to us, and we may, at our discretion, offer an 
additional Boston’s Business to you.  We consider a variety of factors when determining whether to grant 
additional Boston’s Businesses.  Among the factors we consider, in addition to the then-current requirements 
for new Boston’s franchisees, are whether or not the franchisee is in compliance with the requirements under 
their current Franchise Agreement. 
