 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
20 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
business solutions at your expense that will support your business efficiencies, which may include phone 
systems, security systems, scheduling software, digital ordering, employee shift/task management software, 
inventory solutions and any other solutions we may require from time to time in the Operations Manual. 
You must obtain the insurance coverage required under the Franchise Agreement and Operations 
Manual, as follows: 
You must obtain and maintain insurance policies protecting you and us and various related parties 
in the types and amounts we require. These policies must be written by a responsible insurance carrier or 
carriers rated “A-VIII” or better by the A.M. Best Company, Inc. and that are acceptable to us. All policies, 
except workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance must name us, our affiliates, and our and 
their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assignees as additional 
insured(s). At a minimum, you must carry (1) comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of 
$5,000,000, combined single limit per occurrence, or any higher amount required by your lease. Liability 
in excess of $1,000,000 may be satisfied by your purchase of umbrella or excess liability coverage; (2) 
workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance in an amount we designate, but not less than the 
minimum amount mandated by applicable state laws. The minimum limit of liability for employer’s liability 
is $1,000,000 each accident; $1,000,000 for disease, each employee; and $1,000,000 for disease, policy 
limit; (3) business income and extra expense insurance equal to the average monthly royalty fees and 
Advertising Fund Contributions payable during the 6 months immediately preceding the event causing the 
interruption (or any shorter period that the Restaurant has been in operation) multiplied by 12, but not less 
than $100,000 annual coverage. 
 
The insurance company must be authorized to do business in the state where your Boston’s 
Business is located, and must be approved by us.  It must also be rated “A” or better by A.M. Best & 
Company, Inc.  We may periodically increase the amounts of coverage required under these insurance 
policies and/or require different or additional insurance coverage at any time.  All insurance policies (except 
for employment liability insurance policies) must be endorsed to name us, any affiliate we designate, and 
our members, officers, directors and employees, as additional named insured parties.  Your policy must 
provide that the insurer will not cancel or materially alter the policies without giving us at least 30 days’ 
prior written notice. 
 
We will provide you with a list of our designated and approved suppliers in our Operations Manual. 
If you want to use or sell a product or service that we have not yet evaluated, or if you want to purchase or 
lease a product or service from a supplier or provider that we have not yet approved (for products and 
services that require supplier approval), you must notify us and submit to us the information, specifications 
and samples we request.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you within 30 days after 
receiving all requested information and materials whether you are authorized to purchase or lease the 
product or service from that supplier or provider.  We reserve the right to charge a fee to evaluate the 
proposed product, service or supplier.  We apply the following general criteria in approving a proposed 
supplier: (1) quality of services; (2) production and delivery capability; (3) proximity to Boston’s 
Businesses to ensure timely deliveries of the products or services; (4) the dependability of the supplier; and 
(5) other factors.  The supplier may also be required to sign a supplier agreement with us.  We may 
periodically re-inspect approved suppliers’ facilities and products, and we reserve the right to revoke our 
approval of any supplier, product or service that does not continue to meet our specifications.  We will send 
written notice of any revocation of an approved supplier, product or service.  We do not provide material 
benefits to you based solely on your use of designated or approved sources. 
   
We estimate that approximately 85% of purchases required to open your Boston’s Business and 
50% to 60% of purchases required to operate your Boston’s Business will be from us or from other approved 
suppliers or under our specifications.  We and our affiliates may receive rebates from some suppliers based 
