 
 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-D-5 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
 
8.2 
Severability.  Each provision of this Area Developer Owners Agreement, and any 
portions thereof, will be considered severable.  If any provision of this Area Developer Owners 
Agreement or the application of any provision to any person, property, or circumstances is determined by 
a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Area Developer 
Owners Agreement will be unaffected and will still remain in full force and effect.  The parties agree that 
the provision found to be invalid or unenforceable will be modified to the extent necessary to make it 
valid and enforceable, consistent with the original intent of the parties (i.e., to provide maximum 
protection for us and to effectuate the Owners’ obligations under the Area Development Agreement to the 
fullest extent permitted by law), and the parties agree to be bound by the modified provisions. 
  
8.3 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Nothing in this Area Developer Owners 
Agreement is intended to confer upon any person or entity (other than the parties and their heirs, 
successors, and assigns) any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Area Developer Owners 
Agreement. 
  
8.4 
Construction.  Any term defined in the Area Development Agreement which is 
not defined in this Area Developer Owners Agreement will be ascribed the meaning given to it in the 
Area Development Agreement.  The language of this Area Developer Owners Agreement will be 
construed according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party.  All words in this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement refer to whatever number or gender the context requires.  If more than one 
party or person is referred to as you, their obligations and liabilities must be joint and several.  Headings 
are for reference purposes and do not control interpretation. 
  
8.5 
Binding Effect.  This Area Developer Owners Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, and each copy so executed and delivered will be deemed an original.  This Area Developer 
Owners Agreement is binding on the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors, and (permitted) assigns. 
 
8.6 
Successors.  References to “Franchisor,” “Owners,” “the undersigned,” or “you” 
include the respective parties’ heirs, successors, assigns, or transferees. 
 
8.7 
Nonwaiver.  Our failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of 
this Area Developer Owners Agreement shall not be a waiver of our right to do so. Delay or omission by 
us respecting any breach or default shall not affect our rights respecting any subsequent breaches or 
defaults.  All rights and remedies granted in this Area Developer Owners Agreement shall be cumulative. 
 
8.8 
No Personal Liability.  Owners agree that fulfillment of any and all of our 
obligations written in the Area Development Agreement or this Area Developer Owners Agreement, or 
based on any oral communications which may be ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall be our sole 
responsibility and none of our owners, officers, agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated 
with us shall be personally liable to Owners for any reason.  
 
8.9 
Area Developer Owners Agreement Controls.  In the event of any discrepancy 
between this Area Developer Owners Agreement and the Area Development Agreement, this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement shall control.   
 
(Signature Page Follows) 
