 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
33 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Area Development Agreement 
 
You are assigned a Development Territory in the Area Development Agreement.  You must 
develop a designated number of Boston’s Businesses in the Development Territory.  The size of the 
Development Territory will depend on the number of Boston’s Businesses to be developed, the 
demographics of the territory, the population and other factors.  The size of the Development Territory may 
be a single or multi-city area, single county area or some other area, and will be described in Attachment A 
of your Area Development Agreement.  We will determine the Development Territory before you sign the 
Area Development Agreement based on various market and economic factors.  In certain densely-populated 
metropolitan areas, a Development Territory may be small if it has a high population density, while 
Development Territories in less densely-populated urban areas may have significantly larger areas. 
The Development Territory will be a non-exclusive territory for the development of a certain 
number of Boston’s Businesses during the term of the Area Development Agreement so long as you are in 
compliance with the Area Development Agreement.  The rights granted under the Area Development 
Agreement relate only to the development of the Boston’s Businesses identified in the Area Development 
Agreement.  So long as you are in compliance with the Area Development Agreement, we  will not establish 
or franchise others to establish another Boston’s Business within your Development Territory during the 
term of the Area Development Agreement.   
We retain all territory rights (for ourselves and our affiliates) not expressly granted to you.  We 
may use the Marks or the System to sell any products or services similar to those which you will sell through 
any alternate channels of distribution or non-traditional locations within or outside of the Territory.  We 
and our affiliates have the right to operate, and to license others to operate, Boston’s Businesses at any 
location outside the Development Territory, even if doing so will or might affect your operation of your 
Boston’s Business.  You are not granted any rights to use the Internet as a channel of distribution and may 
not independently market on the Internet or conduct e-commerce unless we have expressly allowed you to 
do so in writing. 
We may purchase, be purchased by, merge or otherwise acquire competitive businesses within and 
outside the Development Territory.  If such a situation occurs, the newly acquired businesses may not 
operate under the Marks in the Development Territory but may operate under the System.  We may 
implement multi-area marketing programs which may allow us or others to solicit or sell to customers 
anywhere.  We have the right to issue mandatory policies to coordinate such multi-area marketing programs. 
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of our rights within your Franchise Territory.  
The continuation of the Franchise Territory is not dependent upon your achievement of a certain sales 
volume, market penetration or other contingency (other than complying with the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement).  We will not be required to pay any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside your 
Development Territory. 
We may conduct any other type of activities within your Development Territory that we are 
permitted to conduct under the Franchise Agreement.  The Development Territory will terminate upon the 
earlier of completion of the Development Schedule or the termination of the Area Development Agreement. 
After the termination or expiration of the Area Development Agreement, the only territorial protections that 
you will receive upon termination will be those under each individual franchise agreement. 
Upon your first failure to adhere to the Development Schedule, you will lose the exclusivity granted 
for the Development Territory.  Any second or additional failures to adhere to the Development Schedule 
will constitute a material event of default under the Area Development Agreement and we may: (i) terminate 
the Area Development Agreement; (ii) reduce the area of the Development Territory; (iii) permit you to 
