 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
13 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Business, and whether received in cash, coupon, in services in kind, from barter or exchange, on 
credit (whether or not payment is received) or otherwise.  You may deduct from Gross Sales for 
purposes of this computation (but only to the extent they have been included) the amount of all 
sales tax receipts or similar tax receipts which, by law, are chargeable to customers, if the taxes are 
separately stated when the customer is charged and if the taxes are paid to the appropriate taxing 
authority.  You may also deduct from Gross Sales the amount of any documented refunds, 
chargebacks, credits, charged tips and allowances you give in good faith to your customers.  All 
barter or exchange transactions in which you furnish products or services in exchange for products 
or services provided to you by a vendor, supplier or customer will, for the purpose of determining 
Gross Sales, be valued at the full retail value of the products or services so provided to you.  Gross 
Sales will also include any insurance proceeds due to business interruption as a result of your 
Boston’s Business being closed as a result of a casualty event or any other reason. We reserve the 
right to institute policies in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing and from time to time, 
regarding the inclusion of Gross Sales of any pre-paid goods or services (including, without 
limitation, gift cards and gift certificates) and their delivery and redemption. 
3. 
Local and Regional Advertising Cooperatives.  If a local or regional advertising cooperative is 
established, contribution amounts will be established by the cooperative members, subject to our 
approval.  We anticipate that each Boston’s franchisee and each Boston’s Business that we own 
will have one vote for each Boston’s Business operated in the designated market.  Each Boston’s 
Business we own that exists within the cooperative’s area will contribute to the cooperative on the 
same basis as franchisees.  No local or regional advertising cooperatives have been established as 
of the Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document. 
4. 
Liquidated Damages.  Liquidated damages are determined by multiplying the combined monthly 
average of Royalties and Brand Fund Contributions (without regard to any fee waivers or other 
reductions) that are owed by you to us, beginning with the date you open your Boston’s Business 
through the date of early termination, multiplied by the lesser of: (i) 36; or (ii) the number of months 
remaining in the term of the Franchise Agreement, except that liquidated damages will not, under 
any circumstances, be less than $30,000. 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
Type of 
Expenditure 
Amount 
Method 
of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment is 
to be Paid 
Low 
High 
Initial Franchise 
Fee(1) 
$50,000  
$50,000 
Lump Sum 
On signing 
of 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Us 
Rent Expense(2) 
$10,000 
$28,350 
As incurred 
As 
incurred 
Landlord 
Real Property(3) 
Varies 
Varies 
As incurred 
As 
incurred 
Seller 
Site Due 
Diligence(4) 
$5,000 
$10,600 
As incurred 
As 
incurred 
Before 
Opening 
Architect, 
Engineer, 
Attorney 
