 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-12 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
5. 
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject matter 
hereof. This Agreement may be modified only by a duly authorized writing executed by all parties. 
 
6. 
Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be personally delivered or mailed by expedited delivery service or certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested, first-class postage prepaid, or sent by facsimile or electronic mail to the respective parties at the 
following addresses unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other 
parties. If directed to Franchisor, the notice shall be addressed to: 
 
Boston Pizza Restaurant, LP 
14850 Quorum Drive, Suite 201 
Dallas, Texas 75254 
Attention: President 
Telephone: 972-484-9022 
Facsimile: 972-484-7630  
 
If directed to Franchisee, the notice shall be addressed to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attention: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Facsimile:  (___)  
 
 
 
 
 
If directed to Covenantor, the notice shall be addressed to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attention: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Facsimile:  (___)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Any notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time of personal delivery or, in the case of 
expedited delivery service on the next Business Day, or, in the case of or registered or certified mail, three 
(3) Business Days after the date and time of mailing, or, in the case of facsimile or electronic mail, upon 
transmission (provided confirmation is sent by expedited delivery service or registered or certified mail).  
 
7. 
Franchisor and its successors and assigns shall be third-party beneficiaries of this 
Agreement, with the full and independent right, at Franchisor’s and their option and in Franchisor’s and 
their sole discretion, to enforce this Agreement. Franchisor’s rights and remedies under this Agreement are 
fully assignable and transferable and shall inure to the benefit of Franchisor’s Affiliates, successors, and 
assigns. Your obligations and those of Franchisee may not be assigned without Franchisor’s prior written 
consent. 
 
(Signatures on following page) 
 
 
 
 
