 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-15 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
related to the System.  Accordingly, you and the Owners agree to comply with the covenants described in 
this Section to protect the Intellectual Property and our System. 
18.4  For purposes of this Area Development Agreement, “Competitive Business” means any 
business that: (i) sells or offers to sell products the same as or similar to the type of products sold by the 
Franchised Business; or (ii) provides or offers to provide services the same as or similar to the type of 
services sold by you, but excludes a Franchised Business operating under a Area Development 
Agreement with us.  A Competitive Business shall not include ownership of up to five percent (5%) of 
any publicly-held company or mutual fund that owns, operates, has an interest in, or controls any business 
that otherwise would meet the definition of a Competitive Business. You agree not to compete with us 
during the term of this Area Development Agreement by engaging in any of the following activities 
(“Prohibited Activities”): (i) owning, operating, or having any other interest (as an owner, partner, 
director, officer, employee, manager, consultant, shareholder, creditor, representative, agent, or in any 
similar capacity) in any Competitive Business; (ii) diverting or attempting to divert any business from us 
(or one of our affiliates or franchisees); or (iii) inducing any customer of ours (or of one of our affiliates’ 
or franchisees’) to transfer their business to you or to any other person that is not then a franchisee of 
ours. 
18.5  For purposes of this Section, the “Restricted Period” means a period of 2 years after the 
termination or expiration of this Area Development Agreement.  For purposes of this Section, the 
“Restricted Territory” means the geographic area within the Development Area and a 10-mile radius of 
the Development Area.  During the Restricted Period, you agree that you will not engage in any 
Prohibited Activities within the Restricted Territory and that you will cause each of your Owners to not 
engage in any Prohibited Activities within the Restricted Territory.  If you or any Owner engages in a 
Prohibited Activity within the Restricted Territory during the Restricted Period, then the Restricted Period 
applicable to you (and applicable to each non-compliant Owner under the Area Developer Owners 
Agreement) will be extended by the period of time during which you or the non-compliant Owner, as 
applicable, engaged in the Prohibited Activity.  
18.6 The parties agree that of the Brand Covenants will be construed as independent of any other 
covenant or provision of this Area Development Agreement.  It is the parties’ intent that the provisions of 
this Section be judicially enforced to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law.  If all or any 
portion of any Brand Covenant is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid 
jurisdiction in a final decision to which we are a party, you agree to be bound by any lesser covenant 
subsumed within the terms of such Brand Covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as 
if the resulting Brand Covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this Section.  Accordingly, 
the parties agree that any reduction in scope or modification of any part of the non-competition provisions 
contained herein shall not render any other part unenforceable.  You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the 
terms of this Area Development Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; 
(ii) our use and enforcement of covenants similar to those described above with respect to other Boston’s 
franchisees benefits you and the Owners because it prevents others from unfairly competing with your 
Boston’s Restaurant Franchises; and (iii) you and the Owners have sufficient resources and business 
experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the terms of this Area 
Development Agreement.  You hereby waive any right to challenge the terms of the Brand Covenants as 
being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable.  We have the right, in our sole discretion, to 
unilaterally reduce the scope of all or part of any Brand Covenant without your consent (before or after 
any dispute arises), effective when we give you written notice of this reduction and you agree to comply 
with any covenant as so modified. 
18.7 You agree that failure to comply with the terms of Brand Covenants will cause substantial and 
irreparable damage to us and/or other Boston’s franchisees for which there is no adequate remedy at law.  
