 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
19 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
You must operate your Boston’s Business according to our System and specifications. This 
includes purchasing or leasing all products, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer 
hardware and software, and real estate related to establishing and operating the Boston’s Business under 
our specifications, which may include purchasing these items from:  (i) our designees; (ii) approved 
suppliers; and/or (iii) us or our affiliates.  You must not deviate from these methods, standards and 
specifications without our prior written consent, or otherwise operate in any manner which reflects 
adversely on our Marks or the System. 
Our confidential operations manual (“Operations Manual”) is posted electronically on 
Bostonlink.org and states our standards, specifications and guidelines for all products and services we 
require you to obtain in establishing and operating your Boston’s Business and approved vendors for these 
products and services.  We will notify you of new or modified standards, specifications and guidelines 
through periodic amendments or supplements to the Operations Manual or through other written 
communication (including electronic communication such as email or through a system-wide intranet).   
You must purchase, install, maintain in sufficient supply and use only fixtures, furnishings, 
equipment, signs and supplies that conform to the standards and specifications described in the Operations 
Manual or otherwise in writing.   
We may utilize proprietary food products and recipes and may continue to develop and own 
proprietary recipes.  In order to protect our trade secrets and to monitor the manufacture, packaging, 
processing and sale of proprietary food products, we or our affiliates may: (i) manufacture, supply and sell 
proprietary food products to Boston’s franchisees; and/or (ii) disclose the formula for methods and 
preparation of the proprietary food products to a limited number of suppliers, including one or more of our 
affiliates, who we authorize to manufacture these proprietary food products to our precise specifications 
and sell these products to Boston’s franchisees.  You must purchase the proprietary products we or our 
affiliates develop from time to time for proprietary recipes or formulas and purchase them only from us or 
a third party who we have licensed to prepare and sell the products.  All non-proprietary ingredients, 
beverage products, cooking materials, containers, cartons, bags, menus, napkins, other paper and plastic 
products, utensils, uniforms and other supplies and materials used in your Boston’s Business must strictly 
conform to our quality standards and reasonable specifications.  Certain products such as plates, cups, boxes 
and containers bearing the trademarks must be purchased by you from certain suppliers approved by us 
who are authorized to manufacture these products bearing our trademarks. 
You must at all times maintain an inventory of approved food products, beverages, ingredients and 
other products in sufficient quantities and variety to realize the full potential of your Boston’s Business. 
You must use the menus and menu boards that we designate and serve meals and products in the manner 
we designate. 
We are not currently an approved supplier of any products or services provided to franchisees.  BPR 
is currently an approved supplier of marketing and advertising services. Some of our officers own an interest 
in BPR, an approved supplier.  We and our affiliates reserve the right to become approved suppliers of other 
products or services in the future.   
You must use the computer hardware and software, including the point-of-sale system that we 
periodically designate to operate your Boston’s Business.  You must obtain the computer hardware, 
software licenses, maintenance and support services and other related services that meet our specifications 
from the suppliers we specify.  You may be required to use approved suppliers for certain technology 
