 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-9 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 
Lease 
If you lease the Premises, you must submit to us, in the form we specify, a description of the site, a 
proposed copy of the lease and such other information and materials we may reasonably require at least ten 
days before signing the lease.  If you own, otherwise control the Premises, including the land, building and 
related real estate, or own 51% or more of an entity that owns, leases or otherwise controls the Premises, 
then you will, as the lessee, enter into a lease for the Premises for a term coextensive with the term of this 
Franchise Agreement.  You will ensure the lease either: (1) contains the “Lease Addendum” that is attached 
to the franchise disclosure document in Exhibit H; or (2) incorporates the terms of the Lease Addendum 
into the lease for the Premises.  If your landlord refuses, we have the right to disapprove your lease, in 
which case you must find a new site for your Premises.  You and the landlord must sign the lease and Lease 
Addendum within 120 days of the Effective Date. 
We will only review the lease to determine that it complies with the terms of this Franchise Agreement 
and will not provide you with any business, economic, legal or real estate analysis or advice with regards 
to the lease.  You are solely responsible for the terms of the lease and any site acceptance letter we provide 
for the lease does not provide any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, concerning 
the terms of the lease or the viability or suitability of the site for the Premises.  You must promptly send us 
a copy of your fully executed lease and any Lease Addendum for our records.  The lease may not be 
materially amended, assigned or terminated without our written approval.  If the landlord terminates the 
lease for the Premises, that termination will constitute a breach of this Franchise Agreement.    
 
Construction 
We will provide you with specifications for the design and layout for a Premises.  You must hire our 
designated architect, or an architect approved by us in order for any modifications to these plans to comply 
with all local ordinances, building codes, permits requirements, and lease requirements and restrictions 
applicable to the Premises.  You will be provided a prototypical set of drawings for the Franchised Business. 
These drawings must be site adapted to each individual site as required to meet local and state building 
codes.  You must first review and accept the architect’s drafted floor plan and submit your floor plan to us 
for our review and acceptance.  Once we accept your floor plan, the architect must develop your full 
construction drawings for the Premises.  Upon your review and acceptance, you must submit your 
construction drawings to us for our final review and approval. You must retain the services of our designated 
project management firm to provide assistance with submitting, processing, monitoring and obtaining all 
necessary construction documents, licenses and permits and to advise you throughout the construction of 
your Franchised Business. Once we accept your floor plan and approve your construction drawings, 
drawings and specifications may not be changed or modified without our prior written approval.  Once 
accepted by us, you must, at your sole expense, construct and equip the Premises to the specifications 
contained in the Operations Manual and purchase (or lease) and install the equipment, fixtures, furnishings, 
signs and other items we require.  All exterior and interior signs of the Premises must comply with the 
specifications we provide to you.  We must approve the architects, contractors and other suppliers you use 
to construct your Premises.  You agree to provide us with weekly status updates as to construction of the 
Premises.  You acknowledge these requirements are necessary and reasonable to preserve the identity, 
reputation and goodwill we developed and the value of the Boston’s System.  We must approve the layout 
of your Premises before opening.  We may conduct a pre-opening inspection of your Premises and you 
agree to make any changes we require before opening.  You acknowledge and agree that you are solely 
responsible for the design and construction of the Premises according to our standards and for ensuring the 
Premises complies with all local ordinances, building codes and permits.      
