 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-32 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
minimum protection requirement as of the renewal date of any policy and require different or additional 
types of insurance at any time, including excess liability (umbrella) insurance, to reflect inflation, 
identification of special risks, changes in law or standards or liability, higher damage awards, or other 
relevant changes in circumstances.   
If you fail to maintain any required insurance coverage, we have the right to obtain the coverage on 
your behalf (which right shall be at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies in this 
Franchise Agreement), and you must promptly sign all applications and other forms and instruments 
required to obtain the insurance and pay to us, within ten days after invoicing, all costs and premiums we 
incur, plus a twenty percent (20%) administrative surcharge. 
20. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
 Books and Records 
You agree to record all transactions and Gross Sales of your Franchised Business in the manner we 
specify.  You agree to prepare and maintain for at least seven years after their preparation, complete and 
accurate books, records, accounts and tax returns pertaining to your Franchised Business including a list of 
all customers that your Franchised Business does business with and all contracts that your Franchised 
Business enters into.  You must send us copies of your books, records, customer data and contracts within 
five days of our request.  This obligation survives the expiration, termination or Transfer of this Franchise 
Agreement. 
 Reports 
You will prepare and submit other reports and information about your operations as we may request in 
writing or as required by the Operations Manual.  You will submit all required reports in the formats and 
by the due dates specified in the Operations Manual.  We may modify the deadline days and times for 
submission of all reports.  If you do not submit any report by the due date, we will debit your Franchise 
Account a late fee of $100 per occurrence and $100 per week until you submit the required report.  We may 
require, in our sole discretion, that certain reports be certified as accurate and complete by you, your owners 
or your chief financial officer, and that they be submitted in certain methods or formats.  If requested by 
us, your profit and loss statements and balance sheets must be certified by a certified public accountant at 
your expense. You must also make your certified public accountant available and cover the cost for him or 
her to consult with us concerning these statements and balance sheets. 
 Financial and Tax Statements 
You will deliver a balance sheet, profit and loss statement, statement of cash flows and explanatory 
footnotes prepared under generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis (“Financial 
Statements”) to us within the time period required by the Operations Manual.  You must also prepare annual 
Financial Statements within 30 days of the end of your fiscal year.  All Financial Statements must be in the 
form specified by us and must conform to our standard chart of accounts as prescribed by us.  We have the 
right to use such Financial Statements in our franchise disclosure document to make financial performance 
representations and to share these reports on a system-wide intranet or other similar means.   
You must also provide us with complete signed copies of all state sales tax returns and state and federal 
income tax returns covering the operation of the Franchised Business within 30 days of filing.  If you do 
not submit the Financial Statements or tax returns to us by the deadline, you will be required to pay a late 
fee of $100 per occurrence and $100 per week until you submit required Financial Statements or tax returns.   
