 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-3 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above within the 
Development Territory.  We do not pay compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside the 
Development Territory including orders accepted or solicited by other Boston’s Pizza franchisees. You 
agree that you may face competition from us, from other franchisees and from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands that we control within the Development Territory.   
Upon the expiration or termination of this Area Development Agreement, you shall have no 
further right to construct, equip, own, open or operate additional Boston’s Restaurant Franchises which 
are not, at the time of such termination or expiration, the subject of a then-existing franchise agreement 
between you (or an affiliate of you) and us, which is then in full force and effect. 
1.3 
This Area Development Agreement is not a franchise agreement and does not grant you the 
right to use the Marks or System in any manner.    Each Boston’s Restaurant Franchise will be governed 
by the individual franchise agreement signed by you or your affiliate and us for each Boston’s Restaurant 
Business. 
1.4 
You must own at least a 51% equity interest in any legal entity that develops or operates each 
Boston’s Restaurant Business developed under this Area Development Agreement. You shall identify all 
of your equity Owners by completing the “Statement of Ownership” attached to this Area Development 
Agreement as Attachment C.  You agree to execute an updated form of Attachment C within ten business 
days of any change in the equity ownership of you.  The failure of you to provide us with an updated 
Attachment C within the time frame specified in this Section 1.4 shall constitute a default of this Area 
Development Agreement. 
1.5 
For purpose of this Area Development Agreement, “Owner(s)” means any person holding a 
direct or indirect ownership interest (whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) or voting rights in you 
or this Area Development Agreement.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or 
other form of business entity (“Entity”), you agree and represent that all Owners and their spouses must 
sign the Area Developer Owners Agreement, attached as Attachment D to this Area Development 
Agreement.   
2. 
TERM 
Unless it is terminated due to default as provided in Section 8, the term of this Area Development 
Agreement will expire on the earlier to the following: (a) the termination date listed on Section 2 of 
Attachment B; or (b) completion of the obligations of the Development Schedule.  Upon expiration or 
termination of this Area Development Agreement, the only territorial protections that you will retain are 
those under each individual franchise agreement.  During the term of this Area Development Agreement 
(and following termination of this Area Development Agreement), you shall be subject to all 
confidentiality and non-compete provisions contained in any franchise agreements, owners agreements 
and similar agreements you have signed with us or our affiliates. 
3. 
DEVELOPMENT FEE 
You must pay us the total “Development Fee” set forth in Attachment A upon execution of this Area 
Development Agreement.  The Development Fee is uniformly calculated, payable when you sign this 
Area Development Agreement, and is non-refundable under any circumstances, even if you fail to open 
any Boston’s Restaurant Businesses.    
