 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-16 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
Therefore, you agree that any violation of the terms of this Section 18 will entitle us to injunctive relief.  
We may apply for such injunctive relief without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and 
other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of yours, in the event of the entry of 
such injunction will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, upon hearing duly held (all claims 
for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a court requires the filing of a bond, the parties agree that the amount of 
the bond shall not exceed $1,000.  None of the remedies available to us, at law or in equity, under this 
Area Development Agreement are mutually exclusive, and may be combined with others, including 
injunctive relief, specific performance, and recovery of monetary damages.  Any claim, defense or cause 
of action you or an Owner may have against us, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense 
against our enforcement of the Brand Covenants. 
19. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
19.1 You acknowledge and recognize that different area development agreements and franchise 
agreements may have different terms and conditions, including different fee structures, than this Area 
Development Agreement, regardless of when those other agreements were or will be executed.  We do 
not represent that all area development agreements or franchise agreements are or will be identical. 
19.2 You acknowledge that you are not, nor are you intended to be, a third-party beneficiary of this 
Area Development Agreement or any other agreement to which we are a party.  
19.3 You acknowledge and accept the following: 
This offering is not a security as that term is defined under applicable Federal and State 
securities laws.  The obligation to train, manage, pay, recruit and supervise employees of the Boston’s 
Restaurant Businesses rests solely with you.   
(Signature Page Follows) 
