 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-7 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and 
apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana: 
 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, 
or Franchisor’s Choice of Law State law, if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. 
 
2. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the Franchise 
without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined under law as including any material 
breach of the Franchise Agreement, will supersede the provisions  of the Franchise Agreement 
relating to termination for cause, to the extent those provisions may be inconsistent with such 
prohibition. 
 
3. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement that would require you to prospectively assent to a 
release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve any person from 
liability imposed by the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law is void to the extent that such 
provision violates such law. 
 
4. 
The covenant not to compete that applies after the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement for any reason is hereby modified to the extent necessary to comply with Indiana Code 
23-2-2.7-1 (9). 
 
5. 
The following provision will be added to the Franchise Agreement: 
 
No Limitation on Litigation.  Despite the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, any 
provision in the Agreement which limits in any manner whatsoever litigation brought for 
breach of the Agreement will be void to the extent that any such contractual provision 
violates the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law. 
 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
IOWA 
 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or Compliance Questionnaire which would require you 
to prospectively assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve any 
person from liability imposed by the Iowa Business Opportunity Promotions Law (Iowa Code Ch. 551A) 
is void to the extent that such provision violates such law. 
 
The following language will be added to the Franchise Agreement: 
NOTICE OF CANCELLATION 
_______________ (enter date of transaction) 
 
You may cancel this transaction, without penalty or obligation, within three business days from the 
above date.  If you cancel, any property traded in, any payments made by you under the contract or sale, 
and any negotiable instrument executed by you will be returned within ten business days following receipt 
