 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-41 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
Agreement.  During such time, we may exercise Step-in Rights and be entitled to the Management Fee. 
Alternatively, we may require you to close the Franchised Business during that time period without 
removing any Acquired Assets from the Franchised Business. 
 Due Diligence 
For a period of 30 days after the date of the Purchase Notice (“Due Diligence Period”), we will have the 
right to conduct such investigations as we deem necessary and appropriate. You will grant us and our 
representatives access to the Franchised Business and the Premises at all reasonable times for the purpose 
of conducting inspections of the Acquired Assets; provided that such access does not unreasonably interfere 
with your operations of the Franchised Business. 
Prior to the end of the Due Diligence Period, we will notify you in writing of any objections that we 
have to any finding disclosed in any title to lien search, survey, environmental assessment or inspection. If 
you cannot or elect not to correct any such title defect, environmental objection or defect in the working 
condition of the Fixed Assets, we will have the option to either accept the condition of the Acquired Assets 
as they exist or rescind our option to purchase on or before the Closing. 
 Closing 
We will have the right to set off against and reduce the Purchase Price by any and all amounts owed by 
you to us or our affiliates, and the amount of any encumbrances or liens against the Acquired Assets or any 
obligations assumed by us. If you cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased Acquired Assets as 
indicated in this Section, or if there are other unresolved issues, the Closing will be accomplished through 
an escrow which you and we shall each be responsible for paying half the cost of. 
28. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 Mediation Requirement 
Except for any “Litigation Exceptions” as defined below, without limiting our Termination Rights, all 
claims or disputes between you and us or our affiliates arising out of, or in any way relating to, this Franchise 
Agreement, or any of the parties’ respective rights and obligations arising out of this Franchise Agreement, 
shall be submitted first to non-binding mediation (“Required Mediation”) prior to a hearing in binding 
arbitration.  Before commencing any mediation against us or our affiliates with respect to any such claim 
or dispute, you must submit a notice to us, which specifies, in detail, the precise nature and grounds of such 
claim or dispute.  Such mediation shall take place in the city closest to our principal place of business 
(currently Dallas, Texas) under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), or other 
mediation service acceptable to us in our sole discretion, in accordance with AAA’s Commercial Mediation 
Procedures then in effect.  You may not commence any action against us or our affiliates with respect to 
any such claim unless mediation proceedings have been terminated either: (i) as the result of a written 
declaration of the mediator(s) that further mediation efforts are not worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of a written 
declaration by us.  The parties shall each bear their own costs of mediation and shall share equally the filing 
fee imposed by AAA and the mediator’s fees.  We reserve the right to specifically enforce our right to 
mediation.    
 Arbitration  
If the parties cannot fully resolve and settle a dispute through Required Mediation, all unresolved issues 
involved in the dispute shall be, at the request of either party, submitted to final and binding arbitration to 
