 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-6 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
requirement was imposed by the Office of the Illinois Attorney General due to Franchisor’s financial 
condition. 
 
See the last page of this Exhibit G for your required signature. 
 
INDIANA 
 
Item 8 of the FDD is amended to add the following: 
 
Under Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(4), we will not accept any rebates from any person with 
whom you do business or associate in relation to transactions between you and the other person, 
other than for compensation for services rendered by us, unless the rebate is properly accounted for 
and submitted to you. 
 
Item 17 of the FDD is amended to add the following: 
 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) makes it unlawful for us to unilaterally terminate your Franchise 
Agreement unless there is a material violation of the Franchise Agreement and termination is not 
in bad faith. 
 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) prohibits us to require you to agree to a prospective general release of 
claims subject to the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.r. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
No competing business for two years within the Franchise Territory. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.t. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this provision, you do not waive any right under the 
Indiana Statutes with regard to prior representations made by us. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.v. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
Litigation regarding Franchise Agreement in Indiana; other litigation in Franchisor’s Choice of 
Law State.  This language has been included in this Franchise Disclosure Document as a condition 
to registration. The Franchisor and the Franchisee do not agree with the above language and believe 
that each of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement, including all venue provisions, is fully 
enforceable. The Franchisor and the Franchisee intend to fully enforce all of the provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement and all other documents signed by them, including but not limited to, all 
venue, choice-of-law, arbitration provisions and other dispute avoidance and resolution provisions 
and to rely on federal pre-emption under the Federal Arbitration Act. 
 
The “Summary” column in Item 17.w. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
 
Indiana law applies to disputes covered by Indiana franchise laws; otherwise Franchisor’s Choice 
of Law State law applies.  
 
