 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-14 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
You acknowledge that a major requirement for the success of your Franchised Business is the active, 
continuing and substantial personal involvement and hands-on supervision by your Responsible Owner. 
Your Responsible Owner must be actively involved in operating the Franchised Business on a full-time 
basis and provide on-site management and supervision, unless we permit you to delegate management 
functions to a Franchise Manager.  If you appoint a new Responsible Owner, the new Responsible Owner, 
must attend and successfully complete our then-current initial training program.   
 Franchise Manager 
You may hire a manager to assume the Responsible Owner’s responsibility for the daily in-person on-
site management and supervision of your Franchised Business (“Franchise Manager”), but only if: (i) we 
approve the Franchise Manager in our commercially reasonable discretion; (ii) the Franchise Manager 
successfully completes the initial training program; and (iii) your Responsible Owner agrees to assume 
responsibility for the on-site management and supervision of your Franchised Business if the Franchise 
Manager is unable to perform his or her duties until such time that you obtain a suitable replacement 
Franchise Manager.  We do not require that the Franchise Manager have an ownership interest in the legal 
entity of the Franchise owner.  If you hire a new Franchise Manager, the new Franchise Manager must 
attend and successfully complete our then-current initial training program, and you will be required to pay 
our then-current training fee.  
 Staff 
You must determine appropriate staffing levels for your Franchised Business to ensure full compliance 
with this Franchise Agreement and our System standards.  You are solely responsible to hire, train and 
supervise employees or independent contractors to assist you with the proper operation of the Franchised 
Business.  You must pay all wages, commissions, fringe benefits, worker’s compensation premiums and 
payroll taxes (and other withholdings levied or fixed by any city, state or federal governmental agency, or 
otherwise required by law) due for your employees or as applicable, for your independent contractors.  
These employees and independent contractors will be your employees or contractors, not ours.  We do not 
control the day-to-day activities of your employees or independent contractors or the manner in which they 
perform their assigned tasks.  You must inform your employees and independent contractors you are 
exclusively responsible for supervising their activities and dictating the manner in which they perform their 
assigned tasks.  In this regard, you must use your legal business entity name (not our Marks or a fictitious 
name) on all employee applications, paystubs, pay checks, employment agreements, consulting agreements, 
timecards and similar items.   
You have sole responsibility and authority for all employment-related decisions, including employee 
selection, promotion, firing, hours worked, rates of pay, benefits, work assignments, training and working 
conditions, compliance with wage and hour requirements, personnel policies, recordkeeping, supervision 
and discipline.  We will not provide you with any advice or guidance on these matters. You must require 
your employees and independent contractors to review and sign any acknowledgment form we prescribe 
that explains the nature of the franchise relationship and notifies the employee or independent contractor 
that you are his or her sole employer.  You must also post a conspicuous notice for employees and 
independent contractors in the back-of-the-house area explaining your franchise relationship with us and 
that you (not we) are the sole employer.  We may prescribe the form and content of this notice.  You agree 
that any direction you receive from us regarding employment/engagement policies should be considered as 
examples, that you alone are responsible for establishing and implementing your own policies, and that you 
understand that you should do so in consultation with local legal counsel competent in employment law. 
 
