 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-30 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential 
damages. 
9. FRANCHISEE’S REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS 
Franchisee represents to and covenants with BPR that: 
(a)Franchisee and its User(s) shall use the BostonLink in a manner consistent with all 
applicable laws and regulations,  
(b)all information and content posted on the BostonLink by Franchisee and its Users shall 
be accurate, truthful, lawful, and shall not be defamatory, obscene, offensive, or in violation of any 
third parties’ intellectual property rights, and shall not contain any virus or any other harmful 
material; 
(c)Franchisee will use only the email address that Franchisor assigns to Franchisee for all 
business communications. Franchisee will not independently market on the Internet or use any 
domain name, address, locator, link, metatag or search technique with words or symbols the same 
or similar to the Proprietary Marks. Franchisee shall advertise on the Internet using the official 
website for Boston’s Restaurants maintained by Franchisor and shall not maintain a separate 
website. All Internet marketing must be coordinated through and approved by Franchisor. 
10. INDEMNITY 
Franchisee shall maintain the security of the Users’ user names and passwords. Franchisee and the 
Users shall be jointly and severally responsible and liable for all activities conducted under the Users’ user 
name and password. Franchisee shall indemnify and hold BPR and its Affiliates and their officers, directors, 
shareholders, employees or representatives harmless from and against all claims, taxes, damages, costs 
(including lawyers’ accounts) from any source or for any reason, including but not limited to claims arising 
in tort law, or relating directly or indirectly to Franchisee’s and the Users’ BostonLink account(s), 
Franchisee’s and the Users’ access to the BostonLink, Franchisee’s breach of this Agreement regardless of 
any negligence of the indemnitees. 
11. REVOCATION OF RIGHT TO ACCESS 
BPR shall have no obligation to provide or continue to provide access to the BostonLink. BPR 
reserves the right to deny Franchisee or any Users access to the BostonLink from time to time or completely 
without notice. 
12. USERS 
Franchisee shall not allow anyone to have access to the BostonLink except a User who has been 
approved by BPR as follows: 
(a) Franchisee shall submit to BPR, in a form prescribed by BPR from time to time, a 
request that its manager or other supervisory personnel have access to the BostonLink; 
(b) Franchisee shall provide such information and documentation as BPR may reasonably 
request about the proposed User; and 
(c) BPR shall advise Franchisee whether the proposed User is approved. 
Franchisee reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to deny without cause the application for anyone 
to become a User. 
Franchisee acknowledges that the Users shall at all times be deemed to be acting on behalf of 
Franchisee. Franchisee shall be responsible for ensuring that each User complies with the terms of this 
Agreement, all other agreements between BPR and Franchisee, and with all applicable laws. 
 
