 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-16 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
To illustrate, these may include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) developing, maintaining, 
administering, directing, preparing or reviewing advertising and marketing materials, promotions and 
programs, including social media management; (ii) raising public awareness of any of the Marks; (iii) 
improving public and consumer relations and publicity; (iv) brand development; (v) research and 
development of technology, products and services; (vi) website development (including social media) and 
search engine optimization; (vii) development and implementation of quality control programs and other 
reputation management functions; (viii) conducting market research; (ix) changes and improvements to the 
System; (x) covering the fees and expenses of any advertising agency we engage to assist in producing or 
conducting advertising or marketing efforts; (xi) paying the proportionate salary share of our employees 
that devote time and provide services for advertising, promotion, collection, accounting or administration 
of the Brand Fund; (xii) preparing and distributing financial accountings of the Brand Fund; (xiii) 
developing training tools; and (xiv) paying our and our affiliates’ expenses associated with direct or indirect 
labor, administrative, overhead, or other expenses incurred in relation to any of these activities.   
We have sole discretion in determining the content, concepts, materials, media, endorsements, 
frequency, placement, location, and all other matters pertaining to any of the previously listed activities.  
We may use national and/or regional advertising agencies for the source of advertising materials or we may 
prepare them ourselves.  Any surplus amounts in the Brand Fund may be invested.  Any unused funds 
collected in any calendar year will be applied to the following year’s funds, and we reserve the right to 
contribute or loan additional funds to the Brand Fund on any terms we deem reasonable.  The Brand Fund 
is not a trust, and we have no fiduciary obligations to you regarding our administration of the Brand Fund.  
An unaudited financial accounting of the operations of the Brand Fund, including deposits into and 
disbursements from the Brand Fund, will be prepared annually and provided to you upon written request.   
We do not ensure that our expenditures from the Brand Fund in a particular geographic area are 
proportionate or equivalent to the Brand Fund Contribution by our franchisees operating in that geographic 
area or that any of our franchisees benefit directly or in proportion to their Brand Fund Contribution.  We 
reserve the right to change, merge, re-form or dissolve the Brand Fund in our discretion.  We will not use 
the Brand Fund for advertising principally for the solicitation and sale of Franchises, but we reserve the 
right to include a notation in any advertisement or website indicating “franchises available” or similar 
phrasing.  We may, upon 30 days’ prior written notice to you, reduce or suspend Brand Fund Contribution 
and operations for one or more periods of any length and terminate and/or reinstate the Brand Fund.  We 
will spend all amounts before any termination of the Brand Fund.  
12. 
FRANCHISEE MARKETING AND ADVERTISING 
 Standards 
All advertisements and promotions you create or use must be completely factual, conform to the highest 
standards of ethical advertising, comply with all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and 
comply with our standards in the Operations Manual.  You must ensure that your advertisements and 
promotional materials do not infringe upon the intellectual property or legal rights of others.  
 Promotional Programs 
We may periodically create advertising and sales promotion programs and materials to enhance the 
collective success of all Boston’s franchisees operating under the System.  You must participate in all 
rebates, giveaways, advertising and sales promotion programs in accordance with the terms and conditions 
that we specify.  These promotional programs may require that you offer products or services at no charge 
