 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-24 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
15. 
TRANSFER BY US 
This Franchise Agreement is fully assignable by us (without prior notice to you) and shall inure to the 
benefit of any assignee(s) or other legal successor(s) to our interest in this Franchise Agreement; provided 
that we shall, subsequent to any such assignment, remain liable for the performance of our obligations under 
this Franchise Agreement up to the effective date of the assignment.  We may also delegate some or all of 
our obligations under this Franchise Agreement to one or more designees without assigning this Franchise 
Agreement. 
16. 
TRANSFER BY YOU 
 Approval 
For purposes of this Franchise Agreement, “Transfer” means any direct or indirect, voluntary or 
involuntary (including by judicial award, order or decree) assignment, sale, conveyance, subdivision, 
sublicense or other transfer or disposition of the Franchise Agreement, the Franchised Business (or any 
portion thereof), or a direct or indirect ownership interest in an Entity that is the franchisee (or any interest 
therein), including by merger or consolidation, by issuance of additional securities representing an 
ownership interest in the Entity that is the franchisee, or by operation of law, will or a trust upon the death 
of an Owner (including the laws of intestate succession). 
Neither you nor any Owner may engage in any Transfer without our prior written approval.  Any 
Transfer without our approval shall be void and constitute a breach of this Franchise Agreement.  Our 
consent to a Transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any claims we may have against you or the Owners, 
nor shall it be deemed a waiver of our right to demand exact compliance with any of the terms or conditions 
of the Franchise Agreement by the transferee. 
 Our Right of First Refusal 
If you or an Owner desire to engage in a Transfer, you or the Owner, as applicable, must obtain a bona-
fide, signed written offer from the fully disclosed purchaser and submit an exact copy of the offer to us.  
We will have 30 days after receipt of the offer to decide whether we will purchase the Franchised Business 
(our “Right of First Refusal”).  If we notify you that we intend to purchase the Franchised Business within 
such 30-day period, you or the Owner, as applicable, must sell the Franchised Business to us on the same 
terms as contained in the offer you received; provided that we may substitute cash for any non-cash form 
of payment proposed in the offer.   
We will have at least 30 additional days to conduct a due diligence review and to prepare for closing.  
You agree to provide us with all information and records we request about the Franchised Business, and 
we will have the absolute right to terminate the obligation to purchase the Franchised Business for any 
reason during the due diligence period.  You and we will act in good faith to agree on the terms and 
conditions of the written offer, and closing will take place on the 61st day following our receipt of your 
offer.  We will be entitled to receive from you or the Owner, as applicable, all customary representations 
and warranties given by you as the seller of the assets or the Owner as the seller of the ownership interest 
or, at our election, the representations and warranties contained in the offer.  If we do not exercise our right 
of first refusal, you or the Owner, as applicable, may complete the Transfer to the purchaser pursuant to 
and on the terms of the offer, subject to the requirements of this Section (including our approval of the 
transferee).  However, if the sale to the purchaser is not completed within 120 days after our receipt of the 
offer, or there is a material change in the terms of the sale, we will again have the Right of First Refusal 
specified in this Section.  If there is any change to the terms of the sale after you submit the bona-fide, 
