 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-16 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
survive the termination, expiration, or transfer of the Former Franchise Agreement.  Unless otherwise 
precluded by state law, Former Franchisee shall execute Franchisor’s current form of General Release 
Agreement. 
 
5. New Franchise Agreement.  New Franchisee shall execute the New Franchise Agreement for 
the Franchised Business (as amended by the form of Addendum prescribed by Franchisor, if applicable), 
and any other required contracts for the operation of a Boston’s franchise as stated in Franchisor’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document. 
 
6. Former Franchisee’s Contact Information.  Former Franchisee agrees to keep Franchisor 
informed of its current address and telephone number at all times during the three-year period following 
the execution of this Approval Agreement. 
 
7. Acknowledgement by New Franchisee.  New Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the 
purchase of the rights to the Franchised Business (“Transaction”) occurred solely between Former 
Franchisee and New Franchisee.  New Franchisee also acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor played no 
role in the Transaction and that Franchisor’s involvement was limited to approving the Requested 
Assignment and any required actions regarding New Franchisee’s signing of the New Franchise Agreement 
for the Franchised Business.  New Franchisee agrees that any claims, disputes, or issues relating New 
Franchisee’s acquisition of the Franchised Business from Franchisee are between New Franchisee and 
Former Franchisee, and shall not involve Franchisor. 
 
8. Representation.  Former Franchisee warrants and represents that it has not heretofore assigned, 
conveyed, or disposed of any interest in the Former Franchise Agreement or Franchised Business.  New 
Franchisee hereby represents that it received Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document and did not sign 
the New Franchise Agreement or pay any money to Franchisor or its affiliate for a period of at least 14 
calendar days after receipt of the Franchise Disclosure Document.  
 
9. Notices.  Any notices given under this Approval Agreement shall be in writing, and if delivered 
by hand, or transmitted by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or via telegram or 
telefax, shall be deemed to have been given on the date so delivered or transmitted, if sent to the recipient 
at its address or telefax number appearing on the records of the sending party. 
 
10. Further Actions.   Former Franchisee and New Franchisee each agree to take such further 
actions as may be required to effectuate the terms and conditions of this Approval Agreement, including 
any and all actions that may be required or contemplated by the Former Franchise Agreement. 
 
11. Affiliates.  When used in this Approval Agreement, the term “Affiliates” has the meaning as 
given in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
12. Miscellaneous.  This Approval Agreement may not be changed or modified except in a writing 
signed by all of the parties hereto.  This Approval Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same document.  This Approval Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
parties and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
13. Governing Law.  This Approval Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced 
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas. 
 
 
(Signatures on following page) 
