 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-9 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
the singular usage includes the plural and the masculine and neuter usages include the other, the feminine 
and the possessive. 
 
14.4 All provisions that expressly or by their nature survive the termination, expiration or transfer of 
this Area Development Agreement will continue in full force and effect, even after the termination, 
expiration or transfer of this Area Development Agreement, until they are fully satisfied or expire by their 
own terms. 
 
14.5 This Area Development Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each copy so 
executed and delivered will be deemed an original. 
 
14.6 Nothing in this Area Development Agreement is intended, nor shall be deemed, to confer any 
rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this Area Development Agreement; 
provided, however, that the Indemnified Parties are intended third party beneficiaries under this Area 
Development Agreement with respect to your indemnification obligations.   
 
14.7 We and you may, by written instrument, unilaterally waive or reduce any obligation of or 
restriction upon the other.  Any waiver granted by us shall apply only the to the specifically waived 
provisions and shall not affect any other rights we may have.  We and you shall not be deemed to have 
waived or impaired any right, power or option reserved by this Area Development Agreement (including 
the right to demand exact compliance with every term, condition and covenant in this Area Development 
Agreement, or to declare any breach of this Area Development Agreement to be a default, and to 
terminate the Area Development Agreement before the expiration of its Term) by virtue of: (i) any 
custom or practice of the parties that varies with the terms of this Area Development Agreement; (ii) any 
failure, refusal or neglect of us or you to exercise any right under this Area Development Agreement or to 
insist upon exact compliance by the other with its obligations under this Area Development Agreement, 
including any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure; (iii) any waiver, forbearance, 
delay, failure or omission by us to exercise any right, power or option, whether of the same, similar or 
different nature, relating to other “Boston’s” area developers; or (iv) the acceptance by us of any 
payments due from you after breach of this Area Development Agreement. 
 
14.8 Each section, subsection, term and provision of this Area Development Agreement, and any 
portion thereof, shall be considered severable.  If any applicable and binding law imposes mandatory, 
non-waivable terms or conditions that conflict with a provision of this Area Development Agreement, the 
terms or conditions required by such law shall govern to the extent of the inconsistency and supersede the 
conflicting provision of this Area Development Agreement.  If a court concludes that any promise or 
covenant in this Area Development Agreement is unreasonable and unenforceable, including without 
limitation, the Brand Covenants: (i) the court may modify such promise or covenant to the minimum 
extent necessary to make such promise or covenant enforceable; or (ii) we may unilaterally modify such 
promise or covenant to the minimum extent necessary to make such promise or covenant enforceable and 
consistent with the original intent of the parties (i.e., to provide maximum protection for us and to 
effectuate your obligations under the Area Development Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by 
law), and you agree to be bound by the modified provisions. No provision herein expressly identifying 
any term or breach of this Area Development Agreement as material shall be construed to imply that any 
other term or breach which is not so identified is not material. Nothing in this Area Development 
Agreement is intended to disclaim any of the representations we made in the franchise disclosure 
document. 
 
14.9 You understand and agree that nothing in this Area Development Agreement creates a fiduciary 
relationship between you and us or is intended to make either party a general or special agent, legal 
representative, subsidiary, joint venture, partner, employee or servant of the other for any purpose. During 
