 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
16 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
of drawings for a Restaurant. These drawings must be site adapted to each individual site as 
required to meet local and state building codes. This range represents the estimated cost you 
will pay for the architectural services required to “site adapt” the prototype drawings for your 
location as required to receive a building permit. Extensive revisions to non-prototype sites are 
not included in this range and may be greater than the high estimate.  
 
6. 
Project Management. You must retain the services of our designated project management firm 
that specializes in assisting restaurant operators during the construction process.  The project 
management firm will assist you in submitting, processing, monitoring and obtaining all 
necessary construction documents, licenses and permits and to advise you throughout the 
construction of your Restaurant. 
 
7. 
Construction and Leasehold Improvements. The costs of construction and leasehold 
improvements depend upon the size and condition of the premises, the nature and extent of 
leasehold improvements required, the local cost of contract work and the location of your 
Restaurant. In our experience, construction costs continue to rise. This range represents the 
estimated construction costs for interior improvements for an existing restaurant retrofit or 
build out from a building shell.  
8. 
Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment.  This estimate involves the furniture, fixtures and 
equipment you will need to open a Boston’s Business, such as chairs, tables, casework, 
refrigerators, freezers, grills, ranges, deep fryers, exhaust hoods and other items.  Some of these 
expenses will depend on Boston’s Restaurant size, shipping distances, supplier chosen and your 
credit history.  You must utilize our kitchen equipment vendor for your Restaurant unless 
otherwise approved in writing by us. 
9. 
POS and Computer.  The range in the table above includes the costs of point-of-sale and 
computer systems.  You must purchase a POS system in accordance with our specifications from 
a designated supplier. 
10. 
Signage, Graphics and Artwork. This amount includes the costs of building signs, monument 
signs, and/or pole signs as well as interior graphics and art package. 
 
11. 
Liquor License. You are required to obtain and maintain a liquor license. The cost of a liquor 
license can be significantly higher in states where the number of licenses is severely restricted 
or available only from an existing holder.  Costs of obtaining a liquor license vary widely, so 
we cannot estimate the cost of obtaining one.    
 
12. 
Security and Utility Deposits and Permits. You may need to pay permit fees and utility deposits 
in establishing your Restaurant. These amounts can vary, depending on the municipality. 
13. 
Initial Training and Opening Expenses. This amount represents the estimated cost to hire and 
train a management team and hourly employees who will staff the Restaurant. This entry 
includes expenses associated with the attendance at our initial training program as well as with 
the on-site training provided by our employees during the opening of your Restaurant and 
expenses associated with the opening of the Restaurant. You are solely responsible for all 
opening expenses you or your attendees incur.   
14. 
On-Site Opening Assistance.  For each of your first two Restaurants, we will provide you with 
trainers for up to three weeks of on-site training before and during the opening of your 
Restaurant. You must pay us an on-site opening assistance fee of $15,000.  For your third and 
