 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-16 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
SOUTH DAKOTA 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Financial Assurance 
 
Item 5 is amended to state that the initial franchise fee and all other payments due to us before you 
open your Restaurant will be deferred until we satisfy all of our pre-opening obligations to you and you 
open for business. 
 
VIRGINIA 
 
 
Item 17(h).  The following is added to Item 17(h): 
 
“Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor 
to use undue influence to induce a franchisee to surrender any right given to him under the 
franchise.  If any provision of the Franchise Agreement or Supplemental Agreements involve the 
use of undue influence by the Franchisor to induce a franchisee to surrender any rights given to 
franchisee under the Franchise, that provision may not be enforceable.” 
 
 
In recognition of the restrictions contained in Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising 
Act, the FDD for Boston Pizza Restaurants, LP for use in the Commonwealth of Virginia shall be amended 
as follows: 
 
Additional Disclosure.  The following statements are added to Item 8 and Item 17.h.  
 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor 
to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or termination stated in 
the Franchise Agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the 
Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
WASHINGTON 
 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, AND 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection 
Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.  
 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor 
including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions which 
