 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-6 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
jurisdiction determines that this period of time is too long to be enforceable, then the “Restricted Period” 
means the one-year period after you cease to be a manager or officer of Franchisee’s Boston’s Pizza 
franchised business. 
“Restricted Territory” means the geographic area within: (i) a ten-mile radius from Franchisee’s 
Boston’s business (and including the premises of the approved location of Franchisee); and (ii) a ten-mile 
radius from all other Boston’s businesses that are operating or under construction as of the beginning of the 
Restricted Period; provided, however, that if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the foregoing 
Restricted Territory is too broad to be enforceable, then the “Restricted Territory” means the geographic 
area within a five-mile radius from Franchisee’s Boston’s business (and including the premises of the 
approved location of Franchisee). 
“System” means our system for the establishment, development, operation, and management of a 
Boston’s business, including Know-how, proprietary programs and products, Manual, and operating 
system. 
2. Background.  You are a manager or officer of Franchisee.  As a result of this relationship, you 
may gain knowledge of our System.  You understand that protecting the Intellectual Property and our 
System are vital to our success and that of our franchisees and that you could seriously jeopardize our entire 
System if you were to unfairly compete with us.  In order to avoid such damage, you agree to comply with 
the terms of this SP Agreement.   
 
3. Know-How and Intellectual Property.  You agree: (i) you will not use the Know-how in any 
business or capacity other than the Boston’s business operated by Franchisee; (ii) you will maintain the 
confidentiality of the Know-how at all times; (iii) you will not make unauthorized copies of documents 
containing any Know-how; (iv) you will take such reasonable steps as we may ask of you from time to time 
to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Know-how; and (v) you will stop using the Know-how 
immediately if you are no longer a manager or officer of Franchisee’s Boston’s business.  You further agree 
that you will not use all or part of the Intellectual Property or all or part of the System for any purpose other 
than the performance of your duties for Franchisee and within the scope of your employment or other 
engagement with Franchisee.  These restrictions on Know-how, Intellectual Property and the System shall 
not apply to any information which is information publicly known or becomes lawfully known in the public 
domain other than through a breach of this SP Agreement or is required or compelled by law to be disclosed, 
provided that you will give reasonable notice to us to allow us to seek protective or other court orders. 
 
4. Unfair Competition During Relationship.  You agree not to unfairly compete with us at any 
time while you are a manager or officer of Franchisee’s Boston’s business by engaging in any Prohibited 
Activities.  
 
5. Unfair Competition After Relationship.  You agree not to unfairly compete with us during 
the Restricted Period by engaging in any Prohibited Activities; provided, however, that the Prohibited 
Activity relating to having an interest in a Competitive Business will only apply with respect to a 
Competitive Business that is located within or provides competitive goods or services to customers who 
are located within the Restricted Territory.  If you engage in any Prohibited Activities during the Restricted 
Period, then you agree that your Restricted Period will be extended by the period of time during which you 
were engaging in the Prohibited Activity.  
 
6. Immediate Family Members.  You acknowledge that you could circumvent the purpose of 
this SP Agreement by disclosing Know-how to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse, parent, sibling, 
child, grandparent or grandchild). You also acknowledge that it would be difficult for us to prove whether 
you disclosed the Know-how to family members. Therefore, you agree that you will be presumed to have 
violated the terms of this SP Agreement if any member of your immediate family: (i) engages in any 
