 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
23 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Obligation 
Section in Area Development 
Agreement 
Disclosure Document Item 
n. 
Insurance 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
o. 
Advertising 
Not applicable 
Items 6 and 11 
p. 
Indemnification 
Section 13 
Item 6 
q. 
Owner’s 
participation/management 
and staffing 
Not applicable 
Items 1, 11 and 15 
r. 
Records and reports 
Not applicable 
Item 17 
s. 
Inspections and audits 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
t. 
Transfer 
Section 9 
Items 6 and 17 
u. 
Renewal 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
v. 
Post-termination obligations 
Sections 8 
Item 17 
w. 
Non-competition covenants 
Not applicable 
Item 17 
x. 
Dispute resolution 
Section 17 
Item 17 
 
ITEM 10  
FINANCING 
We do not offer direct or indirect financing.  We do not guarantee your note, lease or obligation.  
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, BPR is not obligated to provide you with any assistance. 
Pre-opening Obligations 
Before you open your Boston’s Business, we (or our designee) will provide the following assistance 
and services to you: 
1. Provide an initial training program (See Franchise Agreement - Section 8.1). We will not 
provide general business or operations training to your employees or independent contractors; however, we 
may provide limited training on the System and brand standards to your key employees.  You will be 
responsible for hiring, training, directing, scheduling and supervising your employees and independent 
contractors in the day-to-day operations of the Boston’s Business. 
2. Give you access to the electronic Operations Manual.  The Operations Manual contains 
approximately 1,675 pages.  The table of contents for the Operations Manual is attached to this Franchise 
Disclosure Document as Exhibit F (See Franchise Agreement - Section 9.1). 
3. Provide you with advice in identifying a suitable location for your Boston’s Business, if you 
request assistance (See Franchise Agreement - Section 7).  You must use our approved vendor to advise 
and counsel you on site selection for your Boston’s Business.  We must approve the site before you sign 
the lease. 
In evaluating a proposed premises, we consider such factors as general location and neighborhood, 
traffic patterns, parking, size, lease terms, income per capita, existence of competitors, and other physical 
characteristics.  Before leasing or purchasing the site for your Boston’s Business, you must submit to us, in 
the form we specify, a description of the site, with other information and materials we may reasonably 
require.  We will have 30 days after we receive the information and materials to evaluate the proposed site.  
