 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-C-2 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
3. 
Covenant Not to Compete. 
  
3.1 
Non-Competition During and After the Term of the Franchise Agreement.  Owners 
acknowledge that as a participant in our system, they will receive proprietary and confidential information 
and materials, trade secrets, and the unique methods, procedures, and techniques which we have developed.  
The provisions of the Franchise Agreement governing Franchisee’s restrictions on competition both during 
the term of the Franchise Agreement and following the expiration, termination or transfer of the Franchise 
Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Franchise Owners Agreement by reference, and Owners agree 
to comply with and perform each such covenant as though fully set forth in this Franchise Owners 
Agreement as a direct and primary obligation of Owners.  Further, we may seek the same remedies against 
Owners under this Franchise Owners Agreement as we may seek against Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement.   
 
3.2 
Construction of Covenants.  The parties agree that each such covenant related to 
non-competition will be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Franchise 
Owners Agreement.  If all or any portion of a covenant referenced in this Section 3 is held unreasonable or 
unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in a final decision to which we are a party, 
Owners agree to remain bound to the maximum extent permitted by law, as if that covenant were separately 
stated in and made a part of this Section 3. 
  
3.3 
Our Right to Reduce Scope of Covenants.  Additionally, we have the right, in our 
sole discretion, to unilaterally reduce the scope of all or part of any covenant referenced in this Section 3 
of this Franchise Owners Agreement, without Owners’ consent (before or after any dispute arises), effective 
when we give Owners written notice of this reduction.  Owners agree to comply with any covenant as so 
modified. 
 
 4. 
Continuing Guarantee. 
  
4.1 
Payment.  Owners will pay us (or cause us to be paid) all monies payable by 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement whether now or in the future on the dates and in the manner 
required for payment in the relevant agreement. 
  
4.2 
Performance.  Owners unconditionally guarantee full performance and discharge 
by Franchisee of all of Franchisee’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement whether now or in the 
future on the date and times and in the manner required in the relevant agreement. 
  
4.3 
Indemnification.  Owners will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, all of our 
affiliates, and the respective shareholders, directors, partners, employees, and agents of such entities, 
against and from all losses, damages, costs, and expenses which we or they may sustain, incur, or become 
liable for, whether now or in the future, by reason of: (i) Franchisee’s failure to pay the amounts owed (to 
us or any of our affiliates) pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, or to do and perform any other act, matter, 
or thing required by the Franchise Agreement; or (ii) any action by us to obtain performance by Franchisee 
of any act, matter, or thing required by the Franchise Agreement. 
  
4.4 
No Exhaustion of Remedies.  Owners acknowledge and agree that we are not 
obligated to exhaust all remedy (whether legal or equitable) against or pursue relief from the Franchisee, 
before proceeding to enforce the obligations of the Owners as guarantors under this Franchise Owners 
Agreement. The enforcement of Owners’ obligations can take place before, after, or simultaneously with 
the enforcement of any of the Franchisee’s debts or obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
