 
 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-D-3 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
 
Developer, before proceeding to enforce the obligations of the Owners as guarantors under this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement. The enforcement of Owners’ obligations can take place before, after, or 
simultaneously with the enforcement of any of the Area Developer’s debts or obligations under the Area 
Development Agreement. 
 
4.5 
Waiver of Notice.  Without affecting Owners’ obligations under this Section 4, 
we can extend, modify, or release any of Area Developer’s indebtedness or obligation, or settle, adjust, or 
compromise any claims against Area Developer, all without notice to the Owners.  Owners waive notice 
of amendment of the Area Development Agreement and notice of demand for payment or performance by 
Area Developer. 
  
4.6 
Effect of Owner’s Death.  Upon the death of an Owner, the estate of such Owner 
will be bound by the obligations in this Section 4, but only for defaults and obligations hereunder existing 
at the time of death, and the obligations of any other Owners will continue in full force and effect. 
 
4.7 
Waiver of Acceptance, Default and Defenses. Owners waive: (a) acceptance and 
notice of acceptance by us of the forgoing undertakings; (b) protest and notice of default to any party with 
respect to the indebtedness or non-performance of any obligations hereby guaranteed; and (c) any and all 
other notices and legal or equitable defenses, right of setoff, claim or counterclaim whatsoever to which 
they may be entitled at any time hereunder.   
 
 4.8 
Continuing Nature. Owners agree that each of the obligations in this Section 4 
shall be continuing and shall not be discharged by: (i) the insolvency of Area Developer or the payment in 
full of all of the obligations at any time; (ii) the power or authority or lack thereof of Area Developer to 
incur the obligations; (iii) the validity or invalidity of any of the obligations; (iv) the existence or non-
existence of Area Developer as a legal entity; (v) any statute of limitations affecting the liability of 
Owners or the ability of us to enforce this Area Developer Owners Agreement or the obligations; or (vi) 
any right of offset, counterclaim or defense of any Owner, including, without limitation, those which have 
been waived by Owners pursuant to this Area Developer Owners Agreement.   
 
5. 
Transfers.  Owners acknowledge and agree that we have granted the Area Development 
Agreement to Area Developer in reliance on Owners’ business experience, skill, financial resources, and 
personal character.  Accordingly, Owners agree not to sell, encumber, assign, transfer, convey, pledge, 
merge, or give away any direct or indirect interest in this Area Developer, unless Owners first comply 
with the sections in the Area Development Agreement regarding transfers. Owners acknowledge and 
agree that attempting to transfer an interest in the Area Developer without our express written consent, 
except those situations provided in the Area Development Agreement where our consent is not required, 
will be a breach of this Area Developer Owners Agreement and the Area Development Agreement. We 
may, from time to time, without notice to Owners, assign or transfer any or all of Owners’ rights, duties 
and obligations or any interest therein in this Area Developer Owners Agreement and, notwithstanding 
any assignment(s) or transfer(s), the rights, duties and obligations shall be and remain for the purpose of 
this Area Developer Owners Agreement. Each and every immediate and successive assignee or transferee 
of any of the rights, duties or obligations of any interest therein shall, to the extent of such party’s interest 
in the rights duties and/or obligations, be entitled to the benefits of this Area Developer Owners 
Agreement to the same extent as if such assignee or transferee were us. 
  
6. 
Notices. 
  
6.1 
Method of Notice.  Any notices given under this Area Developer Owners 
Agreement shall be in writing and delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Area Development 
Agreement. 
