 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-6 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
In addition, if any individual franchise agreement signed by you or your affiliate, whether or 
not signed under to this Area Development Agreement, is terminated for any reason, we shall have the 
right to terminate this Area Development Agreement on immediate written notice to you.  Upon 
termination or expiration of the term of this Area Development Agreement, we shall have the right to 
open, or license others to open, Boston’s Restaurant Franchises within the Development Territory (subject 
to the territorial rights granted, if any, for any then-existing Boston’s Restaurant franchise agreements); 
and you shall be subject to all confidentiality and non-competition covenants contained in any franchise 
agreements, Area Developer Owners Agreements and similar agreements you have signed with us or our 
affiliates.  For purposes of this Section 8.2, any franchise agreement signed by us and you or your 
approved affiliates, or any corporation, partnership or joint venture, or their affiliates, in which you or any 
stockholder, partner or joint venturer of you has any direct or indirect ownership or participation interest 
shall be deemed a franchise agreement issued to you. 
8.3 
In the event of a default by you, all of our costs and expenses arising from such default, 
including reasonable accountant fees, attorney fees and administrative fees shall be paid to us by you 
within five days after cure or upon demand by us if such default is not cured.  You will remain bound by 
all franchise agreements.  
9. 
ASSIGNMENT 
9.1 
We shall have the absolute right to transfer or assign all or any part of our rights or obligations 
hereunder to any person or Entity which assumes our obligation under this Area Development 
Agreement, and we shall thereby be released from any and all further liability to you.  
9.2 
You may not assign this Area Development Agreement or any rights to the Development 
Territory except in compliance with Section 8.2.  The provisions of this Section shall not restrict you from 
transferring an open and operating Boston’s Restaurant Franchise in compliance with the assignment 
provisions contained in such franchise agreement. 
10. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
In the event that you are unable to comply with the Development Schedule due to strike, riot, civil 
disorder, war, epidemic, fire, natural catastrophe or other similar events which are beyond your control 
and cannot be overcome by use of reasonable commercial measures (“Force Majeure”), and upon notice 
to us, the Development Schedule and this Area Development Agreement shall be extended for a 
corresponding period, not to exceed 90 days. An event of Force Majeure does not relieve a party from 
liability for an obligation which arose before the occurrence of the event, nor does that event affect any 
obligation to pay money owed under this Area Development Agreement or any franchise agreement or to 
indemnify us, whether such obligation arose before or after the Force Majeure event.  An event of Force 
Majeure shall not affect your obligations to comply with any restrictive covenants in this Area 
Development Agreement during or after the Force Majeure event. 
11. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
This Area Development Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties with respect to 
the development of the Development Territory and shall not be modified except by a written agreement 
signed by the parties.  However, nothing in this Area Development Agreement or any related agreement is 
intended to disclaim Boston’s Restaurant’s representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document.  
Where this Area Development Agreement and any franchise agreement between the parties conflicts with 
respect to the payment terms of Development Fees or equity interests held by you or your operating 
partners, the terms of this Area Development Agreement shall govern.  Under no circumstances do the 
