 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-44 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
reasonable fees for accountants, attorneys, and expert witnesses, costs of investigations and proof of facts, 
court costs, travel and living expenses, and other dispute-related expenses.   
If there is a mixed decision involving an award of money or money equivalent and equitable relief, the 
arbitrator will award the above fees to the party that it deems has substantially prevailed over the other party 
using reasonable business judgment. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to advance your share of 
the costs of any arbitration proceeding for such arbitration proceeding to take place, and by doing so will 
not be deemed to have waived or relinquished our right to seek recovery of those costs in accordance with 
this Section.  If either party commences any legal action or proceeding in any court in contravention of the 
terms of this Section, that party shall pay all costs and expenses that the other party incurs in the action or 
proceeding, including, without limitation, costs and attorneys’ fees as described in this Section.  
 Jury Trial and Class Action Waiver 
WE AND YOU IRREVOCABLY WAIVE: (I) TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING OR 
COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR EQUITY, REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY BRINGS 
SUIT; AND (II) THE RIGHT TO ARBITRATE OR LITIGATE ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS IN ANY 
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, BROUGHT 
BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES. 
 Limitation of Actions and Waiver of Punitive Damages 
We and you agree that any legal action of any kind by a party arising out of or relating to this Franchise 
Agreement or a default of this Franchise Agreement must be commenced within one year from the 
occurrence of the facts giving rise to any such claim or action or such claim or action will be barred 
provided, however, that the forgoing limitation shall not apply where required by applicable law, to the 
parties indemnification obligations under this Franchise Agreement or to the Litigation Exceptions.  You 
and we, for yourselves, ourselves and on behalf of the Owners respectively, hereby waive to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, any right to, or claim for, punitive or exemplary damages against the 
other, and agree that except to the extent provided to the contrary in this Franchise Agreement, in the event 
of a dispute you and we shall each be limited to recovering only the actual damages proven to be sustained 
any legal action of any kind. 
 Confidentiality 
Except as required by applicable law, including the required disclosure in our franchise disclosure 
document, the entire mediation, arbitration or litigation proceedings and related documents are confidential.  
Except as necessary to enforce the decision of the arbitrator hereunder, all conduct, statements, promises, 
offers, views and opinions, whether oral or written, made in the course of the arbitration by any of the 
parties, their agents, employees or representatives and by the arbitrator, are confidential.  These matters 
will not be discoverable or admissible for any purposes, including impeachment, in any litigation or other 
proceeding involving the parties, and will not be disclosed to anyone who is not an agent, employee, expert 
witness, or representative for any of the parties; however, evidence otherwise discoverable or admissible is 
not excluded from discovery or admission as a result of its use in the arbitration. 
 Acknowledgment  
The parties acknowledge that nothing herein shall delay or otherwise limit our Termination Rights. A 
notice or request for arbitration or mediation will have no effect on the status of any demand for 
performance or notice of termination under this Franchise Agreement.   
