 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-10 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
 
4. You shall surrender any material containing some or all of the Confidential Information to 
Franchisee or Franchisor, upon request, or upon termination of your employment by Franchisee.  
 
5. You shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, do any act or omit to do any act that would or 
would likely be injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the System.  
 
6. You acknowledge that Franchisee is provided with access to all Manuals for limited purposes 
only and remain Franchisor’s property. You agree that no Manuals may be reproduced, in whole or in part, 
without our written consent. 
 
Covenants Not to Compete 
 
1. 
In order to protect the goodwill of the System, and in consideration for the disclosure of 
the Confidential Information to you, you agree that, during the term of your employment by Franchisee, 
and for a period of one (1) year following the earlier of (i) the termination thereof, or (ii) the termination, 
expiration or transfer of Franchisee’s interest in the Franchise Agreement, you will not, without 
Franchisor’s prior written consent or as permitted under other valid Franchise Agreements between 
Franchisee and Franchisor:  
 
a. 
Directly or indirectly divert, or attempt to divert, solicit, or take away to any 
Competitor or otherwise interfere with any of the business, customers, contractors, vendors, 
suppliers or patrons of any Boston’s Restaurant or do or perform any other act injurious or 
prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks and the System; and  
 
b. 
Directly or indirectly, for yourself or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with 
any other person, persons, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other association 
or entity, own, maintain, operate, engage in or have any financial or beneficial interest in, advise, 
assist or make loans to, any Competitive Business which is, or is intended to be, located (i) at the 
Franchise Location, (ii) within the Protected Area, or (ii) within a 10-mile radius of any Boston’s 
Restaurant then in existence or under construction. 
 
2. 
As used herein, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: 
 
a. 
“Franchise Location” means [Insert address of Franchise Location] 
 
b. 
“Protected Area” means [Insert the description from the Agreement] 
 
c. 
“Competitor” or “Competitive Business” means any business that is the same as 
or substantially similar to a Boston’s Restaurant, including any sports bar and grill, or comparable 
casual dining facility with multiple televisions, which offers, alone or with other food options, pizza 
and/or pasta dishes. 
 
Franchisee’s Undertaking 
 
Franchisee agrees to make all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that you comply with this 
Agreement. 
 
