 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-1 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
BOSTON’S RESTAURANT 
 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
THIS AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (“Area Development Agreement”) is made 
and entered into by and between Boston Pizza Restaurants, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“we,” 
“us,” or “our”), and the area developer identified in Attachment A to this Area Development Agreement 
(“you” or “your”) as of the date specified as the “Effective Date” in Attachment A to this Area 
Development Agreement.  If more than one person or entity is listed as Area Developer, each such person 
or entity shall be jointly and severally liable for all rights, duties, restrictions and obligations under this 
Area Development Agreement. 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, we offer franchise rights relating to the establishment, development and operation 
of businesses (“Boston’s Restaurant Franchise(s)”) that operate a business providing gourmet pizza and 
pasta dishes, and a wide variety of mouth-watering entrees, appetizers, fresh salads, sides and desserts 
(“Boston’s Restaurant Business(es)”).  
WHEREAS, you desire to purchase an option to establish and operate multiple Boston’s 
Restaurant Franchises within the territory described in Attachment A (“Development Territory”), under 
the development schedule described in Attachment B (“Development Schedule”) and pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of this Area Development Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration for the promises, rights and obligations set forth in this 
Area Development Agreement, the parties mutually agree as follows. 
1. 
GRANT 
1.1 
We hereby grant to you the right to establish and operate the number of Boston’s Restaurant 
Franchises indicated in Section 1 of Attachment B within the Development Territory described in 
Attachment A.  Each Boston’s Restaurant Franchise shall be operated according to the terms of our then-
current form of individual franchise agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that our then-current form 
of individual franchise agreement may contain materially different terms from one another and from the 
franchise agreement included in our current franchise disclosure document including, but not limited to, a 
higher royalty rate. 
1.2 
If you comply with the terms of this Area Development Agreement, including the Development 
Schedule, the individual franchise agreements entered into as a part of this Area Development Agreement, 
and any other agreements entered into with us or our affiliates, then we will not directly or indirectly 
cause or allow other Boston’s Restaurant Franchises to be franchised or licensed in the Development 
Territory during the Term of this Area Development Agreement, subject to limited exceptions. You 
acknowledge that the Development Territory may already include existing Boston’s Restaurant 
Franchises, and that you may not develop a Boston’s Restaurant Franchise that infringes on the territorial 
rights of existing Boston’s Restaurant Franchises. We and our affiliates have the right to operate, and to 
license others to operate, Boston’s Restaurant Businesses at any location outside the Development 
Territory, even if doing so could affect your operation of any of your Boston’s Restaurant Businesses. 
Additionally, Boston’s Restaurant locations that are considered Non-Traditional Locations are 
excluded from the Development Territory, and we reserve the right to develop, franchise or license others 
