 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-6 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 
Application of Payments 
We have sole discretion to apply any payments from you to any past due indebtedness of yours or in 
any other manner we feel appropriate.  We are not obligated to follow any instructions you provide for 
allocation of the payments. 
 
Payment Obligations 
Your requirement to pay us the fees under this Franchise Agreement is absolute and unconditional. This 
obligation will remain effective throughout the entire duration of the Franchise Agreement and will 
continue until all fees are paid. You have no right to offset any fees paid to us and must pay us all fees 
regardless of any claims you may have against us.  We will have the right, at any time before or after 
termination of this Franchise Agreement, without notice to you, to offset any amounts or liabilities you may 
owe to us against any amounts or liabilities we may owe you under this Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement, loan, transaction or relationship between the parties.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, you agree that you will not, on grounds of the alleged nonperformance by us of any of our 
obligations, withhold any fees due to us or our affiliates or amounts due to us for purchases by you or any 
other amounts due to us. 
 
Gross Sales 
For purposes of this Franchise Agreement, “Gross Sales” means the total of all of your revenue, sales, 
and other income and consideration from the sale of all Franchised Business merchandise, products and 
services to your customers, whether or not sold or performed at or from the Franchised Business, and 
whether received in cash, coupon, in services in kind, from barter or exchange, on credit (whether or not 
payment is received) or otherwise.  You may deduct from Gross Sales for purposes of this computation (but 
only to the extent they have been included) the amount of all sales tax receipts or similar tax receipts which, 
by law, are chargeable to customers, if the taxes are separately stated when the customer is charged and if 
the taxes are paid to the appropriate taxing authority.  You may also deduct from Gross Sales the amount 
of any documented refunds, chargebacks, credits, charged tips and allowances you give in good faith to 
your customers.  All barter or exchange transactions in which you furnish products or services in exchange 
for goods or services provided to you by a vendor, supplier or customer will, for the purpose of determining 
Gross Sales, be valued at the full retail value of the goods or services so provided to you. Gross Sales will 
also include any insurance proceeds due to business interruption as a result of your Premises being closed 
as a result of a casualty event or any other reason.  We reserve the right to institute policies in the Operations 
Manual or otherwise in writing and from time to time, regarding the inclusion in Gross Sales of any pre-
paid goods or services (including, without limitation, gift cards and gift certificates) and their delivery and 
redemption. 
 
Initial Franchise Fee 
You agree to pay us the “Initial Franchise Fee” listed in Attachment A in one lump sum when you sign 
this Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by us and is non-refundable once this 
Franchise Agreement has been signed.  If this Franchise Agreement is the renewal of a prior franchise 
agreement with us for an existing Franchised Business or the transfer of the Franchised Business from 
another franchisee, then no Initial Franchise Fee is due. 
 
