 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-25 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
signed written offer, then you acknowledge and agree that our Right of First Refusal will restart and you 
must submit the new written offer to us, and you further agree that the Transfer cannot be completed until 
you have done so. 
Our Right of First Refusal is fully transferable by us to any affiliate or third party.   
 Transfer Conditions 
We will not unreasonably withhold our approval of any proposed Transfer; provided that the following 
conditions are all satisfied (“Transfer Conditions”):  
16.3.1 
Written Notice. You have provided us with written notice of the proposed Transfer 
at least 45 days before the transaction.  You must also submit a copy of the proposed purchase agreement 
together with all supporting documents and schedules between you and the proposed transferee to us for 
our review to ensure that the Transfer does not violate any term of this Franchise Agreement. 
16.3.2 
Qualified Transferee. The proposed transferee is, in our opinion, an individual of 
good moral character with sufficient business experience, aptitude and financial resources to own and 
operate a Franchised Business and otherwise meets all of our then-applicable standards for franchisees.  
16.3.3 
Terms of the Sale. The purchase price and terms of the proposed transfer must not 
be so burdensome to the prospective transferee as to impair or threaten the future operation of the 
Franchised Business. 
16.3.4 
Monetary Obligations. All of your monetary obligations to us and our affiliates 
have been paid in full and you and the Owners are in full compliance with the terms of this Franchise 
Agreement and all other agreements with us or our affiliate(s). 
16.3.5 
Training. The transferee has (or if the transferee is an Entity, its approved 
Responsible Owner and any Franchise Manager have) successfully completed, or made arrangements to 
attend, the initial training program (and the transferee has paid us the training fee for each new person who 
must attend training). 
16.3.6 
Licenses and Permits. The transferee and its owners, to the extent necessary, have 
obtained all licenses and permits required by applicable law to own and operate the Franchised Business.  
16.3.7 
New Franchise Agreement. You must request that the transferee be provided with 
our then-current form of franchise disclosure document.  You agree that we will not be liable for any 
representations that you or your Owners make that are inconsistent with such franchise disclosure 
document.  The transferee and its owners sign our then-current form of franchise agreement and related 
documents, including, but limited to, our then-current form of Franchise Owners Agreement or other 
guaranty (unless we, in our sole discretion, instruct you to assign this Franchise Agreement to the 
transferee), except that: (i) the Term and successor term(s) shall be the Term and successor term(s) 
remaining under this Franchise Agreement; and (ii) the transferee does not need to pay a separate initial 
franchise fee. 
16.3.8 
Transfer Fee. You pay us a transfer fee of $25,000 (“Transfer Fee”).   You will pay 
the Transfer Fee to us as follows: (i) a $1,000 non-refundable deposit at the time of your transfer application 
request; and (ii) the remaining balance shall be due at or before the time you complete the approved 
Transfer.   
