 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-4 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
substantially from the terms and conditions of this Franchise Agreement.  Each successor term will be five 
years.  If you are signing this Franchise Agreement as a Successor Franchise Agreement, the references to 
“Term” shall mean the applicable successor term of the Successor Franchise Agreement.  Except as 
otherwise provided in this Section, you will have no further right or obligation to operate your Franchised 
Business following the expiration of the successor term unless we grant you the rights to enter into another 
franchise agreement, in our sole discretion.  If you are renewing a prior franchise agreement with us under 
this Franchise Agreement, the renewal provisions in your initial franchise agreement will dictate the length 
of the Term of this Franchise Agreement, and your remaining rights to enter into Successor Franchise 
Agreements, if any. 
 
Renewal Requirements 
To enter into a Successor Franchise Agreement, you must: 
5.2.1 
Notice. Notify us in writing of your desire to enter into a Successor Franchise 
Agreement not less than 60 days nor more than 180 days before the expiration of the Term; 
5.2.2 
No Defaults. Not be in default under this Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement with us or any affiliate of ours at the time you send the renewal notice or the time you sign the 
Successor Franchise Agreement, and you must not have received more than three separate written notices 
of default from us in the 12 months before your renewal notice or at the time you sign the Successor 
Franchise Agreement; 
5.2.3 
Successor Franchise Agreement. Sign the Successor Franchise Agreement and all 
ancillary documents we require franchisees to sign; 
5.2.4 
General Release. Sign our current form of general release which contains a release 
of all claims by you and your individual owners (if applicable) against us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, 
and our and their respective members, officers, directors, agents and employees, in both their corporate and 
individual capacities; 
5.2.5 
Renewal Fee. Pay us a non-refundable renewal fee of $25,000 (“Renewal Fee”). 
5.2.6 
Modifications. At least 60 days but not more than 180 days before the expiration 
of the Term, you must renovate, upgrade any equipment, tools, technology and other operations 
to comply with our then-current standards and specifications; 
5.2.7 
Premises. Have the right under your lease to maintain possession of the premises 
where your Premises is located for the duration of the successor term; and   
5.2.8 
Renovations. You must also make any renovations, refurbishments and 
modernizations to the Premises and the Franchised Business as necessary at your own expense to meet our 
then-current System standards for a newly opened Franchised Business. We will provide you with the 
required timeframe for doing so. Such requirements could include changes to the design, equipment, signs, 
décor, inventory, fixtures, furnishings, trade dress, presentation of Marks, supplies and other products and 
materials used in the Franchised Business.  
5.2.9 
Additional Actions. Take any additional actions we reasonably require. 
 
