 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-13 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
If there is a mixed decision involving an award of money or money equivalent and equitable relief, the 
arbitrator will award the above fees to the party that it deems has substantially prevailed over the other 
party using reasonable business and arbitrator’s judgment. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to 
advance your share of the costs of any arbitration proceeding for such arbitration proceeding to take 
place, and by doing so will not be deemed to have waived or relinquished our right to seek recovery of 
those costs in accordance with this Section.  If either party commences any legal action or proceeding in 
any court in contravention of the terms of this Section, that party shall pay all costs and expenses that the 
other party incurs in the action or proceeding, including, without limitation, costs and attorneys’ fees as 
described in this Section.  
17.6 WE AND YOU IRREVOCABLY WAIVE: (I) TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING OR 
COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR EQUITY, REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY BRING 
SUIT; AND (II) THE RIGHT TO ARBITRATE OR LITIGATE ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS IN 
ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, 
BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES. 
17.7 We and you agree that any legal action of any kind by a party arising out of or relating to this 
Area Development Agreement or a default of this Area Development Agreement must be commenced 
within one (1) year from the occurrence of the facts giving rise to any such claim or action or such claim 
or action will be barred provided, however, that the forgoing limitation shall not apply where required by 
applicable law, to the parties indemnification obligations under this Area Development Agreement or to 
the Litigation Exceptions.  You and we, for yourselves, ourselves and on behalf of the Owners 
respectively, hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right to, or claim for, 
punitive or exemplary damages against the other, and agree that except to the extent provided to the 
contrary in this Area Development Agreement, in the event of a dispute you and we shall each be limited 
to recovering only the actual damages proven to be sustained any legal action of any kind. 
17.8 Except as required by applicable law, including the required disclosure in our franchise 
disclosure document, the entire mediation, arbitration or litigation proceedings and related documents are 
confidential.  Except as necessary to enforce the decision of the arbitrator hereunder, all conduct, 
statements, promises, offers, views and opinions, whether oral or written, made in the course of the 
arbitration by any of the parties, their agents, employees or representatives and by the arbitrator, are 
confidential.  These matters will not be discoverable or admissible for any purposes, including 
impeachment, in any litigation or other proceeding involving the parties, and will not be disclosed to 
anyone who is not an agent, employee, expert witness, or representative for any of the parties; however, 
evidence otherwise discoverable or admissible is not excluded from discovery or admission as a result of 
its use in the arbitration. 
17.9 The parties acknowledge that nothing herein shall delay or otherwise limit our Termination 
Rights A notice or request for arbitration or mediation will have no effect on the status of any demand for 
performance or notice of termination under this Area Development Agreement.   
17.10 We and you agree that the provisions of this Section shall apply during the term of this Area 
Development Agreement and following the termination or expiration of this Area Development 
Agreement.  You agree to fully perform all obligations under this Area Development Agreement during 
the entire mediation, arbitration or litigation process. 
