 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-19 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
renewal or extension of the Lease term.  With respect to any assignment proposed or consummated under 
this Addendum, Landlord hereby waives any rights it may have to: (A) recapture the Premises; (B) 
terminate the Lease; or (C) modify any terms or conditions of the Lease.  If Franchisor accepts an 
assignment and assumes the Lease under this section, Franchisor shall have the right to further sublet or 
reassign the Lease to another Franchise Assignee without Landlord’s consent in which event Franchisor 
shall be released from any obligation or liability under the Lease.  As used in this Addendum, “Franchise 
Assignee” means: (i) Franchisor or Franchisor’s parent, subsidiary, or affiliate; or (ii) any franchisee of 
Franchisor or of Franchisor’s parent, subsidiary, or affiliate. 
4. Default and Notice.   
 
a.  If Tenant defaults on or breaches the Lease and Landlord delivers a notice of default to 
Tenant, Landlord shall contemporaneously send a copy of such default notice to Franchisor.  Franchisor 
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure the default during Tenant’s cure period plus an additional 
ten (10) day period.  Franchisor will notify Landlord whether it intends to cure the default prior to the end 
of Tenant’s cure period.   
 
b. All notices to Franchisor shall be sent by a reputable overnight delivery service to the 
following address: 
 
Boston Pizza Restaurants, LP 
14850 Quorum Drive, Suite 201 
Dallas, Texas 75254 
 
Franchisor may change its address for receiving notices by giving Landlord written notice of the new 
address.  Landlord agrees that it will notify both Tenant and Franchisor of any change in Landlord’s mailing 
address to which notices should be sent. 
 
c. Tenant and Landlord agree not to terminate, or materially amend the Lease during the 
term of the Franchise Agreement or any renewal thereof without Franchisor’s prior written consent.  Any 
attempted termination, or material amendment shall be null and void and have no effect as to Franchisor’s 
interests thereunder; and a clause to the effect shall be included in the Lease. 
 
5. Termination or Expiration.  
 
a.  If Franchisor does not elect to take an assignment of the Tenant’s interest, Landlord will 
allow Franchisor to enter the Premises, without being guilty of trespass and without incurring any liability 
to Landlord, to remove all signs, awnings, and all other items identifying the Premises as a Franchised 
Business and to make other modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably necessary to protect the 
Franchisor’s trademarks and franchise system and to distinguish the Premises from a Franchised Business 
provided that Franchisor repairs any damage caused to the Premises by exercise of its rights hereunder.   
 
b.  If any Franchise Assignee purchases any assets of Tenant, Landlord shall permit such 
Franchise Assignee to remove all the assets being purchased, and Landlord waives any lien rights that 
Landlord may have on such assets.  
 
6. Consideration; No Liability.   
 
a.  Landlord acknowledges that the Franchise Agreement requires Tenant to receive 
Franchisor’s approval of the Lease prior to Tenant executing the Lease and that this Addendum is a material 
requirement for Franchisor to approve the Lease.  Landlord acknowledges Tenant would not lease the 
