 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-1 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
BOSTON PIZZA RESTAURANTS, LP 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Franchise Agreement”) is made, entered into and effective 
as of the “Effective Date” set forth in Attachment A to this Franchise Agreement, by and between Boston 
Pizza Restaurants, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“we,” “us,” or “our”), and the franchisee set forth 
in Attachment A to this Franchise Agreement (“you” or “your”).  If more than one person or entity is listed 
as the franchisee, each such person or entity shall be jointly and severally liable for all rights, duties, 
restrictions and obligations under this Franchise Agreement. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
This Franchise Agreement includes several attachments, each of which are legally binding and are a 
part of the complete Franchise Agreement. It is your responsibility to read through the entire Franchise 
Agreement.  This Franchise Agreement creates legal obligations you must follow.  We recommend that you 
consult with a legal professional to ensure that you understand these obligations.  If you have questions, or 
if you do not understand a certain provision or section, please review it with your legal and financial 
advisors before you sign this Franchise Agreement.  
This Franchise Agreement has defined terms.  A defined term is a shorthand reference within a 
document that refers to another name or idea in the document.  Defined terms are underlined and surrounded 
by double quotes, typically with capitalized first letters, and may be contained in parentheses throughout 
the Franchise Agreement. 
2. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
As a Boston’s franchisee, you will operate a sports bar and a restaurant specializing in the sale of 
gourmet pizza and pasta dishes and a variety of appetizers, fresh salads, side items, and desserts in a full 
service, casual dining environment (“Franchised Business”).  The Franchised Business will operate under 
our service marks, trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, slogans and commercial symbols as we may 
from time to time authorize or direct you to use with the operation of the Franchised Business (the “Marks”).   
We grant you a non-exclusive license to own and operate Franchised Business using the business 
formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs, standards, specifications, distinguishing elements, and 
intellectual property (“System”) that we authorize from a single location we approve (“Premises”) strictly 
in compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Franchise Agreement, and if approved by us, 
to also provide delivery and/or catering services (“Delivery Services”) within the Franchise Territory that 
we may specify in Attachment A-1 to this Franchise Agreement.  You recognize and acknowledge the 
distinctive significance to the public of the System and Marks and acknowledge and understand our high 
and uniform standards of quality, appearance and service to the value of the System.  You acknowledge 
that we may change, improve or otherwise modify the System as we deem appropriate in our discretion and 
you agree to promptly accept and comply with any such changes, improvements or modifications.  You 
further acknowledge that our grant to operate a Franchised Business is based on the representations made 
in your application.  You acknowledge and agree this Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right or 
option to open any additional Franchised Businesses or any right to sublicense or subfranchise any of the 
rights we grant you in this Franchise Agreement. You may only open an additional Franchised Business 
under a separate franchise agreement with us, which we may grant in our sole discretion.  
