 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-33 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
  Legal Compliance 
You must secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits and regulatory approvals for the 
operation of your Franchised Business. You must also operate and manage your Franchised Business in full 
compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations, and are solely responsible for 
complying with all federal, state and local tax laws. You also agree to timely pay all applicable federal, 
state and local taxes, and timely file all returns, notices and other forms required to comply with all federal, 
state and local tax laws in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business.  It is your responsibility 
to make sure that you comply with all laws that are applicable to the Technology. 
You must notify us in writing within three business days of the beginning of any action, suit, 
investigation or proceeding, or of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, disciplinary action, award or 
decree of any court, agency or other governmental instrumentality, which may adversely affect the 
operation of your Franchised Business or your financial condition.  You must immediately deliver to us a 
copy of any inspection report, warning, certificate or rating by any governmental agency involving any 
health or safety law, rule or regulation that reflects a claim you have failed to fully comply with the law, 
rule or regulation.   
You agree to comply, and to assist us to the fullest extent possible in our efforts to comply, with Anti-
Terrorism Laws (defined below).  In connection with that compliance, you certify, represent and warrant 
that none of your property or interests is subject to being blocked under, and that you and the owners 
otherwise are not in violation of, any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws.  “Anti-Terrorism Laws” mean Executive 
Order 13224 issued by the President of the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other present 
and future federal, state and local laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, policies, lists and other requirements 
of any governmental authority addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and acts of war.  Any 
violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by you or the Owners, or any blocking of your or the Owners’ assets 
under the Anti-Terrorism Laws, shall constitute good cause for immediate termination of this Franchise 
Agreement. 
21. 
INSPECTION AND AUDIT 
  Inspections 
To ensure compliance with this Franchise Agreement, we or our representatives will have the right to 
enter your Premises, evaluate your Franchised Business operations, and inspect or examine your books, 
records, accounts and tax returns.  We may also interview personnel and customers of the Franchised 
Business.  Our evaluation may include observing or participating during business hours.  We may conduct 
our evaluation at any time and without prior notice.  During the course of our inspections, we and our 
representatives will use reasonable efforts to minimize our interference with the operation of your 
Franchised Business, and you, your employees and independent contractors will cooperate and not interfere 
with our inspection.  You consent to us accessing your Technology and retrieving any information we deem 
appropriate in conducting the inspection.    
If any such inspection indicates any deficiency or unsatisfactory condition, including quality, 
cleanliness, service, health and authorized product line, we will notify you in writing of your noncompliance 
with the System, Operations Manual, or this Franchise Agreement and you shall promptly correct or repair 
such deficiency or unsatisfactory condition.  In addition, if you fail any food safety inspection, cleanliness 
inspection or other inspection or audit that we or our designee, any applicable restaurant association or any 
public health and safety agency conducts, you will be required to undergo an additional inspection or audit 
at your sole expense.  You agree to reimburse us or the third-party auditor directly upon invoicing.  We 
