 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-8 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
by the seller of your cancellation notice, and any security interest arising out of the transaction will be 
canceled.  
 
If you cancel, you must make available to the seller at your residence or business address, in 
substantially as good condition as when received, any goods delivered to you under this contract or sale; or 
you may, if you wish, comply with the instructions of the seller regarding the return shipment of the goods 
at the seller’s expense and risk. 
 
If you do not agree to return the goods to the seller or if the seller does not pick them up within 20 
days of the date of your notice of cancellation, you may retain or dispose of the goods without any further 
obligation. 
 
To cancel this transaction, mail or deliver a signed and dated copy of this cancellation notice or any 
other written notice to Boston Pizza Restaurants, LP, 14850 Quorum Drive, Suite 201, Dallas, Texas 75254 
not later than midnight of the third business day after the Effective Date. 
 
I hereby cancel this transaction. 
Franchisee:                                                         
 
By:                                                                     
 
Print Name:                                                        
 
Its:                                                                      
 
Date:                                                                  
 
MARYLAND 
 
AMENDMENTS 
TO 
FRANCHISE 
DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT, 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENTS AND AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT  
Item 17 of the FDD and the Franchise Agreement are amended to state: “The general release 
required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.” 
 
Representations in the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement are not intended 
to, nor shall they act as, a release, estoppel, or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
Item 17 of the FDD and sections of the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement 
are amended to state that you may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law must be brought within three years after the grant of the Franchise.   
 
The Franchise Agreement and Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire are amended to state that all 
representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel, or waiver of liability are 
not intended to, nor shall they act as, a release, estoppel, or waiver of any liability incurred under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
