 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-30 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
or mutual fund that owns, operates, has an interest in, or controls any business that otherwise would meet 
the definition of a Competitive Business.  
You agree not to compete with us during the Term by engaging in any of the following activities 
(“Prohibited Activities”): (i) owning, operating, or having any other interest (as an owner, partner, director, 
officer, employee, manager, consultant, shareholder, creditor, representative, agent, or in any similar 
capacity) in any Competitive Business; (ii) diverting or attempting to divert any business from us (or one 
of our affiliates or franchisees); or (iii) inducing any customer of ours (or of one of our affiliates’ or 
franchisees’) to transfer their business to you or to any other person that is not then a franchisee of ours. 
 Unfair Competition After the Term 
For purposes of this Section, the “Restricted Period” means a period of two years after the termination, 
expiration or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement.  For purposes of this Section, the “Restricted Territory” 
means the geographic area within: (i) a 10-mile radius of the Franchised Business; and (ii) a 10-mile radius 
from all other Boston’s Pizza restaurant locations that are operating or under construction as of the date of 
the termination, expiration or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement.  In the event that the Restricted 
Territory is too broad to be enforceable, then it shall mean the geographic area within a 10-mile radius of 
the Premises.   
During the Restricted Period, you agree that you will not engage in any Prohibited Activities within the 
Restricted Territory and that you will cause each of your Owners to not engage in any Prohibited Activities 
within the Restricted Territory.  If you or any Owner engages in a Prohibited Activity within the Restricted 
Territory during the Restricted Period, then the Restricted Period applicable to you (and applicable to each 
non-compliant Owner under the Franchise Owners Agreement) will be extended by the period of time 
during which you or the non-compliant Owner, as applicable, engaged in the Prohibited Activity.  
 Employees and Others 
Any Franchise Manager and, if you are an Entity, any officer that does not own equity in you must sign 
our current System Protection Agreement.  You must ensure that all of your employees, officers, directors, 
partners, members, independent contractors, and other persons associated with you or your Franchised 
Business who may have access to our Confidential Information, and who are not required to sign a System 
Protection Agreement, sign the Confidentiality Agreement before having access to our Confidential 
Information.  You must use your best efforts to ensure these individuals comply with the terms of the 
Confidentiality Agreement and System Protection Agreement, the current forms of which are attached to 
our Franchise Disclosure Document, and you must immediately notify us of any breach that comes to your 
attention.  You agree to reimburse us for all expenses we incur in enforcing a Confidentiality Agreement 
or System Protection Agreement, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs. 
 Covenants Reasonable 
The parties agree that of the Brand Covenants will be construed as independent of any other covenant 
or provision of this Franchise Agreement.  It is the parties’ intent that the provisions of this Section be 
judicially enforced to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law.  If all or any portion of any Brand 
Covenant is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in a final 
decision to which we are a party, you agree to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms 
of such Brand Covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting Brand 
Covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this Section.  Accordingly, the parties agree that any 
reduction in scope or modification of any part of the non-competition provisions contained herein shall not 
