 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-22 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
without our prior approval.  However, we will not be required to approve any proposed remodeling or 
alteration that would not conform to our then-current standards, specifications or image requirements.  You 
agree to complete any remodel of the Premises within nine months after receiving our written request 
specifying the requirements.   
 Quality Inspection Audits 
At any time, we reserve the right to engage the services of one or more mystery shoppers or quality 
assurance inspection firms who will inspect your Franchised Business for quality control purposes.  These 
inspections may address a variety of issues, including, but not limited to, customer service, food safety, 
sanitation, and inventory rotation.  You agree to fully cooperate with any such inspection.  If you fail to 
meet our required passing percentage rate you must pay our then-current re-audit fee as set forth in the 
Operations Manual.    
 Premises Maintenance 
You agree to maintain your Premises in good order and condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, 
and make all necessary repairs, including replacements, renewals and alterations at your sole expense, to 
comply with our standards and specifications.  Without limiting these obligations, you agree to take the 
following actions at your sole expense: (i) thorough cleaning, repainting and redecorating of the interior 
and exterior of the Premises at the intervals we may prescribe (or at such earlier times that such actions are 
required or advisable); and (ii) interior and exterior repair of the Premises as needed.  You agree to comply 
with any maintenance, cleaning or facility upkeep schedule we prescribe from time to time. 
 Delivery Services 
You must follow our delivery and catering policies and procedures in our Operations Manual, which 
may require you to provide Delivery Services and/or utilize certain third-party delivery services approved 
by us.  You may be limited to offering Delivery Services in a non-exclusive geographic area (the “Delivery 
Area”). You acknowledge and agree that customers should be free to order from the Boston’s Pizza location 
that they wish and, therefore, you are not guaranteed any specific territory, territorial rights or area for 
catering, online ordering or delivery services and that any Delivery Area may not be consistent in any way 
with the geographic limits of the Franchise Territory.  We may expand, contract or eliminate any Delivery 
Area provided to you.  We may require you to discontinue Delivery Services at any time in our sole 
discretion. Your failure to abide by the policies and procedures established from time to time by us in regard 
to Delivery Services shall be a default under this Franchise Agreement. Without limiting our rights in the 
event of such a default, we shall be permitted, in order to maintain acceptable guest experience levels 
consistent with our then-current System standards, to temporarily or permanently suspend you from 
providing Delivery Services.  We may permit other franchisees or third parties to provide Delivery Services 
in your Franchise Territory or Delivery Area without compensating you for such services.  You may be 
required to use the third-party delivery service(s) with which we have a national contract or other 
agreement, and you may be restricted from contracting with any other delivery providers or platform 
without our written approval.  Our delivery and catering policies and procedures in our Operations Manual 
shall be subject to change at any time.  You must execute all documents required by us relating to your 
participation in Delivery Services.  You shall be responsible for all fees and charges levied by us or our 
affiliates or any designated third-party delivery service platform or supplier for your participation in the 
Delivery Services. 
