 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-5 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 
Interim Term 
If you do not sign a Successor Franchise Agreement after the expiration of the Term and you continue 
to accept the benefits of this Franchise Agreement, then, at our option, this Franchise Agreement may be 
treated either as: (i) expired as of the date of the expiration meaning you are operating the Franchised 
Business without a valid franchise agreement in violation of our rights; or (ii) continued on a month-to-
month basis (“Interim Term”) until either party provides the other party with 30 days’ prior written notice 
of their intention to terminate the Interim Term.  In the latter case, all of your obligations will remain in full 
force and effect during the Interim Term as if this Franchise Agreement had not expired (except your right 
to enter into any Successor Franchise Agreement(s), which will be null and void), and all obligations, 
restrictions and covenants imposed on you upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement 
will be deemed to take effect upon the termination of the Interim Term.  Except as permitted by this Section, 
you have no right to continue to operate your Franchised Business following the expiration of the Term.  
6. 
FEES 
 
Late Fee 
If any sums due under this Franchise Agreement have not been received by us when due then, in addition 
to those sums, you must pay us $100 per occurrence, plus the daily equivalent of eighteen percent (18%) 
per year simple interest or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less (“Late Fees”).  If no due date 
has been specified by us, then interest accrues from the original due date until payment is received in full.   
 
Payment Methods 
You must complete our automated clearing house (ACH) authorization form allowing us to 
electronically debit a bank account you designate (“Franchise Account”) for: (i) all fees payable to us under 
this Franchise Agreement (other than the Initial Franchise Fee); and (ii) any other amounts you owe to us 
or any of our affiliates including, but not limited to, those owed for the purchase of products or services.  
We will debit your Franchise Account for these payments on or after the due date.  You must sign and 
deliver to us any other documents we or your bank may require authorizing us to debit your Franchise 
Account for these amounts.   
You must deposit all revenue you generate from operating your Franchised Business into the Franchise 
Account.  You must make sufficient funds available for withdrawal from the Franchise Account by 
electronic transfer before each due date.  If any check or electronic payment is unsuccessful due to 
insufficient funds, stop payment or any similar event, any excess amounts you owe will be payable upon 
demand, together with a non-sufficient funds fee of $100 per occurrence plus Late Fees.  If we allow you 
make any payment to us or our affiliate(s) by credit card for any fee required, we may charge a payment 
service fee of up to 4% of the total charge.  We reserve the right to periodically specify (in the Operations 
Manual or otherwise in writing) different required payment methods for any payment due to us or our 
affiliates. 
 
Payment Frequency 
We reserve the right to periodically specify (in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing) different 
payment frequencies (for example, weekly/biweekly/monthly payments) for any payment or fee due to us 
or our affiliates.   
