 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
6 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Franchise Agreement 
 
Initial Franchise Fee 
 
The “Initial Franchise Fee” for a single Boston’s Business is $50,000.  The Initial Franchise Fee is 
payment for the pre-opening assistance that we provide to you to allow you to open your Boston’s Business 
and also offsets some of our franchise recruitment expenses.  The Initial Franchise Fee is uniform, fully 
earned by us once paid and is non-refundable under any circumstances.  The Initial Franchise Fee is payable 
when you sign your Franchise Agreement.  During the last fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we 
collected $50,000 in Initial Franchise Fees.   
 
Initial Training   
 
We provide initial training for your first two Restaurants in the Dallas, Texas area.  We do not 
charge a fee for this training, but you must pay all of your and employees’ travel-related expenses and 
wages. We may require you to reimburse us for course materials. 
 
Before you open your third and subsequent Restaurants (if applicable), your managers must 
complete initial training at one of your Restaurants provided that Restaurant has been certified by our 
Training department.  If you do not have a certified training Restaurant, then we will provide initial training 
to your managers at our Dallas training center, and you must pay us our then-current fee for additional 
training (currently $1,000 per trainer per five-day period). If we provide the initial training at a location that 
is not in the Dallas, Texas area, then you must reimburse us for all of our travel-related expenses. Initial 
training fees must be paid 15 days before initial training begins, and reimbursement of our expenses must 
occur no later than 15 days after invoiced.  Initial training fees for additional training are non-refundable 
under any circumstances. 
 
On-Site Opening Assistance   
 
For each of your first two Restaurants, we will provide you with trainers for up to three weeks of 
on-site training before and during the opening of your Restaurant. You must pay us an on-site opening 
assistance fee of $15,000 (“On-Site Opening Assistance Fee”).  If you request or we require that we provide 
additional training beyond the three-week period, we may charge you, at our discretion, our then-current 
fee for additional training (currently $1,000 per trainer per five-day period), plus our per diem per trainer 
(currently $350 per person per five-day period), plus travel-related expenses we incur.  This fee is due upon 
invoice, approximately 24 weeks before the opening date of your Restaurant and is non-refundable under 
any circumstances.  For your third and subsequent Restaurant openings (if applicable), if you request or if 
we determine that on-site opening assistance is necessary, we will provide assistance based on availability 
of our or our affiliates’ personnel, and you must pay the On-Site Opening Assistance Fee. You must pay us 
all costs and expenses for you and any attendees. 
 
Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance   
 
We will present you with customized marketing plan options designed to advertise and promote 
the opening of your Restaurant approximately 24 weeks before the opening date of your Restaurant (“Pre-
Opening Marketing Assistance”).  The cost of the marketing plan is currently $20,000, is due upon 
invoicing, approximately 24 weeks before opening, and is non-refundable under any circumstances. You 
must select a media plan option and pay us within 14 days of our presentation to you.  If the marketing plan 
