 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-13 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
menu items that you use or offer at your Franchised Business; (iii) policies and procedures we prescribe 
from time to time for our franchisees; (iv) mandatory reporting and insurance requirements; (v) policies 
and procedures pertaining to any gift card program we establish; and (vi) a written list of furniture, fixtures, 
equipment, products and services (or specifications for such items) you must purchase for the development 
and operation of your Franchised Business and a list of any designated or approved suppliers for such items.  
The Operations Manual establishes and protects our brand standards and the uniformity and quality of the 
products and services offered by our franchisees. We can modify the Operations Manual at any time. The 
modifications will become binding as soon as we send you notice of the modification.  All mandatory 
provisions in the Operations Manual (whether they are included now or in the future) are binding on you.  
The Operations Manual is currently available in electronic format at no charge to you.  If you require a hard 
copy of the Operations Manual, you will pay us a $500 fee.   
While the Operations Manual is intended to protect our reputation and goodwill of the Marks, you will 
be responsible for the day-to-day operation of your Franchised Business and the Operations Manual is not 
designed to control the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Business.  
 
General Guidance 
We will, upon reasonable request, provide advice or guidance regarding your Franchised Business’s 
operation based on reports or inspections or communications with you.  We will provide reasonable 
marketing consulting, guidance and support throughout the Term we deem appropriate.  Any advice will 
be given during our regular business hours and via written materials, electronic media, telephone or other 
methods, in our discretion.    
 
Website 
We will maintain a website for Franchised Businesses (“System Website”) that will include the 
information about your Franchised Business we deem appropriate.  We may modify the content of and/or 
discontinue the System Website at any time in our sole discretion.  We are only required to reference your 
Franchised Business on our System Website while you are in full compliance with this Franchise 
Agreement and all System standards.  We must approve all content about your Franchised Business.  We 
will own the System Website (including any webpages for your Franchised Business) and domain names.  
We intend that any franchisee website will be accessed only through this System Website.   
 
Supplier Agreements 
We may, but are not required to, negotiate agreements with suppliers to obtain products or services for 
our franchisees.  If we negotiate an agreement, we may arrange for you to purchase the products directly 
from the supplier.  We may receive rebates from these suppliers based on your purchases.  We may also 
purchase certain items from suppliers in bulk and resell them to you at our cost (including overhead and 
salaries), plus shipping fees and a reasonable markup, in our sole discretion. 
10. 
MANAGEMENT AND STAFFING 
 Owner Participation 
If you are an Entity, you must designate an Owner who will be principally responsible for 
communicating with us about the Franchised Business (“Responsible Owner”).  If you are an individual, 
you are the Responsible Owner.  The Responsible Owner must have the authority and responsibility for the 
day-to-day operations of your Franchised Business and must have at least twenty-five percent (25%) equity.  
