 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-21 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 Standards Compliance 
You acknowledge the importance of every standard and operating procedures to the reputation and 
integrity of the System and the goodwill associated with the Marks.   
 Payment Vendors and Data Security 
You agree to maintain, at all times, credit card relationships with the credit and debit card issuers or 
sponsors, check or credit verification services, financial center services, payment providers, merchant 
service providers, loyalty and gift cards, and electronic fund transfer systems (together, “Payment 
Vendors”) that we may periodically designate as mandatory.  The term “Payment Vendors” includes, 
among other things, companies that provide services for electronic payment.  You agree not to use any 
Payment Vendor for which we have not given you our prior written approval or as to which we have revoked 
our earlier approval.  We may modify our requirements and designate additional approved or required 
methods of payment and vendors for processing such payments, and to revoke our approval of any service 
provider.  You agree to comply with the then-current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards as 
those standards may be revised and modified by the PCI Security Standards Council, LLC, or any successor 
organization or standards we may reasonably specify.  You agree to implement the enhancements, security 
requirements and other standards that PCI Security Standards Council, LLC (or its successor) requires of a 
merchant that accepts payment by credit and/or debit cards or electronic payments. 
 Gift Cards and Loyalty Programs 
You agree to participate in our gift card and loyalty programs, if any, and agree to make gift cards and 
loyalty programs available for purchase and redemption at your Franchised Business subject to the policies 
and procedures contained in the Operations Manual.  You will not create or issue any gift cards or 
certificates and will only sell gift cards/certificates that have been issued or sponsored by us and which are 
accepted at all Franchised Businesses, and you will not issue coupons or discounts of any type except as 
approved by us.  You also agree, at your sole cost and expense, to issue and offer such rebates, giveaways 
and other promotions in accordance with advertising programs established by us, and further agree to honor 
the rebates, giveaways and other promotions issued by other Boston’s franchisees under any such program, 
so long as such compliance does not contravene any applicable law, rule or regulation.   
 Privacy 
You agree to comply with all applicable international, federal, state and local laws pertaining to the 
privacy of customer, employee and transactional information (“Privacy Laws”).  You agree to research and 
proactively ensure that your Franchised Business is in compliance with Privacy Laws. You also agree to 
comply with our standards and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws.   You agree to inform us of any conflicts 
between our standards and policies and any Privacy Laws that govern your Franchised Business and ensure 
that your conduct complies with all those Privacy Laws. 
 Remodeling 
You agree to remodel and make all improvements and alterations to your Franchised Business we 
reasonably require from time to time to reflect our then-current image, appearance and Premises 
specifications.  There is no limitation on the cost of any remodeling that we may require.  You will not 
cause or allow any furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signs, décor, ATM machines, vending machines, video 
games, juke boxes, public telephone, or other type of vending machines to be installed on the Premises 
