 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
15 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Type of 
Expenditure 
Amount 
Method 
of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment is 
to be Paid 
Low 
High 
TOTAL 
ESTIMATED 
INITIAL 
INVESTMENT(21) 
$1,030,500 
$3,306,375 
(excluding real property) 
Notes: 
These estimated initial expenses are our best estimate of the costs you may incur in establishing and 
operating your Boston’s Business.  We do not offer direct or indirect financing for these items.  Our 
estimates are based on our experience, the experience of our affiliates, and our current requirements for 
Boston’s Businesses.  These estimates are based on open shop bidding practices with no premium built in 
for the cost of union labor.  All expenditures paid to us or our affiliates are uniform and non-refundable 
under any circumstances once paid.  All expenses payable to third parties are non-refundable, except as you 
may arrange for utility deposits and other payments. 
1. 
Initial Franchise Fee.  If you purchase the rights to operate multiple Boston’s Businesses under 
an Area Development Agreement, the only additional initial cost that you will incur over the 
purchase of a single Franchise, will be the Development Fee until you open the additional 
Boston’s Business.  Once you open additional Boston’s Businesses, you will incur the costs 
listed in this Item 7 (except for the Initial Franchise Fee) at the time you open the additional 
Boston’s Businesses.  These costs may increase in the future depending on when you open the 
additional Boston’s Businesses.  The estimate does not include the build-out of any Boston’s 
Restaurant other than the first one. 
2. 
Rent Expense. This range is based upon a Boston’s Pizza between 5,000 to 7,000 square feet 
of interior space. If you do not own suitable space or land for your Restaurant, you must rent 
premises suitable for the operation of a Restaurant. This estimate is for your rent the first month 
and does not include an estimate of monthly operating expenses, including, but not limited to, 
common area maintenance, real estate taxes and Landlord insurance. The rental expense may 
vary widely based on geographic location, size of the facility, local rental rates, Landlord’s 
work, Tenant Improvement Allowance and other factors. 
3. 
Real Property If you do not currently have acceptable space for your restaurant and do not rent 
premises for the operation of the Restaurant, you must purchase at least 5,000 to 7,000 square 
feet of suitable space. Real estate values vary dramatically from region to region. If you choose 
to buy, rather than rent, real estate on which a building suitable for your Restaurant already is 
constructed or could be constructed, the real estate will have varied costs depending on 
location, size, visibility, economic conditions, accessibility, competitive market conditions, and 
the type of ownership interest you are buying, so we cannot estimate the cost of purchasing real 
estate. 
4. 
Site Due Diligence. We must accept the site selected by you in writing before you can 
proceed.  Prior to granting our acceptance of a site, we will require you to retain the services 
of our designated project management firm who will assist you in site specific due diligence, 
including but not limited to initial conditions review and analysis, municipal review, scope 
development, initial site and floor planning, budget development and timeline development. 
 
5. 
Architectural and Engineering Fees. You must utilize our designated architect for your 
Restaurant unless otherwise approved in writing by us. You will be provided a prototypical set 
