 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-32 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
18. ASSIGNMENT 
Franchisee may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of BPR. BPR may 
assign this Agreement to any party in its sole discretion without Franchisee’s consent. Any purported 
assignment by Franchisee, by operation of law or otherwise, not having the written consent of the BPR 
shall be null and void and shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement, for which BPR may 
immediately terminate this Agreement without opportunity to cure. 
19. CAPTIONS 
All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, and none of 
the captions shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof. 
20. FURTHER ASSURANCES 
Each party shall from time to time execute and deliver all other appropriate supplemental 
agreements and other instruments, and take any other action necessary, to give full effect to this Agreement 
and to make this Agreement legally effective, binding, and enforceable as between them and as against 
third parties. 
21. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their 
respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Each of the Affiliates is also 
entitled to all benefits of BPR hereunder. 
22. GOVERNING LAW 
This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by BPR. THIS AGREEMENT 
SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED AND ENFORCED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, EXCEPT THAT ITS 
CHOICE OF LAW AND CONFLICT OF LAW RULES SHALL NOT APPLY. 
The parties hereto mutually agree that the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, or 
if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state courts located in Dallas County, Texas, shall be the venue and 
exclusive forum in which to adjudicate any case or controversy arising from or relating to this Agreement 
and any guarantees hereof, undertakings hereunder provided and relationship established thereby, however, 
with respect to any action which includes injunctive relief or other extraordinary relief, BPR may bring 
such action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such 
courts and waive any objections to either the jurisdiction of or venue in such courts. The parties mutually 
agree that personal jurisdiction may be effected by service of process and that when so made shall be as if 
served personally. This Agreement was executed and accepted at BPR’s place of business in Dallas County, 
Texas. The parties anticipate that the performance of certain of Franchisee’s obligations arising under this 
Agreement, including the payment of certain monies due BPR, shall occur in Dallas County, Texas. 
