 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
26 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
6. Establish minimum and maximum resale prices for use with multi-area marketing programs and 
special price promotions as allowed by law. 
Advertising 
 
Brand Fund 
The Brand Fund is for marketing, developing, and promoting the System, the Marks and Boston’s 
Businesses.  You must pay 3% of your weekly Gross Sales to the Brand Fund (“Brand Fund Contribution”).  
Each franchisee will be required to contribute to the Brand Fund, but certain franchisees may contribute on 
a different basis depending on when they signed their Franchise Agreement.  Boston’s Businesses owned 
by us will contribute to the Brand Fund on the same basis as franchisees. 
The Brand Fund will be administered by us, or our affiliate or designees, at our discretion.  We 
may prepare advertising materials in-house or use national and/or regional advertising.  The Brand Fund 
will be in a separate bank account, commercial account or savings account. 
We have complete discretion on how the Brand Fund will be utilized.   We may use the Brand Fund 
for local, regional, or national marketing, or any expenditure that we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary 
or appropriate to promote or improve the System or the Boston’s brand.  For example, we may use the 
Brand Fund for:  (i) developing, maintaining, administering, directing, preparing or reviewing advertising 
and marketing materials, promotions and programs, including social media management; (ii) raising public 
awareness of any of the Marks; (iii) improving public and consumer relations and publicity; (iv) brand 
development; (v) research and development of technology, products and services; (vi) website development 
(including social media) and search engine optimization; (vii) development and implementation of quality 
control programs; (viii) conducting market research; (ix) changes and improvements to the System; (x) 
covering the fees and expenses of any advertising agency we engage to assist in producing or conducting 
advertising or marketing efforts; (xi) paying the proportionate salary share of or employees that devote time 
and provide services for advertising, promotion, collection accounting or administration of the Brand Fund; 
(xii) preparing and distributing financial accountings of the Brand Fund; (xiii) developing training tools; 
and (xiv) paying our and our affiliates’ expenses associated with direct or indirect labor, administrative, 
overhead, or other expenses incurred in relation to any of these activities. 
We do not guarantee that advertising expenditures from the Brand Fund will benefit you or any 
other franchisee directly, on a pro rata basis, or at all.  We are not obligated to spend any amount on 
advertising in the geographical area where you are or will be located.  We will not use the Brand Fund 
Contributions for advertising that is principally a solicitation for the sale of Franchises, but we reserve the 
right to include a notation in any advertisement or website indicating “Franchises Available” or similar 
phrasing. 
We assume no fiduciary duty to you or other direct or indirect liability or obligation to collect 
amounts due to the Brand Fund or to maintain, direct or administer the Brand Fund.  Any unused funds that 
were collected in any calendar year will be applied to the following year’s funds, and we reserve the right 
to contribute or loan additional funds to the Brand Fund on any terms we deem reasonable. 
The Brand Fund is not audited.  Upon your written request, we will make available an annual 
accounting for the Brand Fund that shows how the Brand Fund proceeds have been spent for the previous 
year.  During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we spent 25% of the Brand Fund Contributions on 
production, 50% on media, and 25% on administration. 
