 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-4 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
4. 
MANNER FOR EXERCISING DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS 
In order to exercise your development rights under this Area Development Agreement, you must 
enter into separate franchise agreements for each Boston’s Restaurant Franchise to be developed under 
this Area Development Agreement.  All subsequent Boston’s Restaurant Franchises developed under this 
Area Development Agreement shall be established and operated pursuant to the form of franchise 
agreement and ancillary documents then being used by us for a Boston’s Restaurant Franchise.  You 
acknowledge that the then-current form of franchise agreement may differ from the form of franchise 
agreement disclosed to you under our current Franchise Disclosure Document. You may not exercise any 
development rights under this Area Development Agreement while you are in default of any other 
agreement with us, including any franchise agreement. 
5. 
DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE 
5.1 
Acknowledging that time is of the essence, you agree to exercise your development rights 
according to Section 4 and according to the Development Schedule set forth in Attachment B, which 
designates the number of franchise agreements that must be executed prior to the expiration of each of the 
designated development periods (“Development Periods”) for the operation of Boston’s Restaurant 
Franchises in the Development Territory. 
5.2 
During any Development Period, you may, with our prior written consent, develop more than 
the number of Boston’s Restaurant Businesses than you are required to develop during that Development 
Period by executing multiple franchise agreements during a single Development Period.  Any franchise 
agreements executed during a Development Period in excess of the minimum number to be executed prior 
to expiration of that Development Period shall be applied to satisfy your development obligation during 
the next succeeding Development Period.  You are not permitted to develop more than the total number of 
Boston’s Restaurant Franchises permitted under the Development Schedule. 
5.3 
You shall open each Boston’s Restaurant Business in accordance with the terms of the 
franchise agreement and shall execute the franchise agreements in accordance with the Development 
Schedule set forth in Attachment B.   
5.4 
Your failure to adhere to the Development Schedule shall constitute an event of default under 
this Area Development Agreement, for which we may exercise our rights under Section 8.1 of this Area 
Development Agreement. 
5.5 
If we are not legally able to deliver a Franchise Disclosure Document to you by reason of any 
lapse or expiration of our franchise registration, or because we are in the process of amending any such 
registration, or for any reason beyond our reasonable control, we may delay acceptance of the site for 
your proposed Boston’s Restaurant Franchise, or delivery of a franchise agreement, until such time as we 
are is legally able to deliver a Franchise Disclosure Document.  Your Development Schedule would be 
equally extended by such delay. 
6. 
LOCATION OF BOSTON’S RESTAURANT BUSINESSES 
The location of each Boston’s Restaurant Business shall be selected by the you and approved by us in 
accordance with the terms set forth in each franchise agreement signed by you, within the Development 
Territory.   
