 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-36 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
24.2.3 
Violation of Law. If you fail, for a period of 10 days after having received 
notification of non-compliance from us or any governmental or quasi-governmental agency or authority, to 
comply with any federal, state or local law or regulation applicable to the operation of the Franchised 
Business.  
24.2.4 
Criminal Offense. If you or any of your Owners, officers, directors, or key 
employees is convicted of or pleads guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or any other crime or offense that 
is reasonably likely, in our sole opinion, to adversely affect our reputation, the System, or the Marks.  If the 
crime or offense is committed by an Owner other than a Responsible Owner, then we may, in our sole 
discretion, terminate if such Owner fails to sell its ownership interest in the Entity to any of the other 
Owners within 30 days after the conviction or guilty plea, whichever first occurs. 
24.2.5 
 Under-Reporting. If an audit or investigation discloses that you have knowingly 
maintained false books or records, or submitted false reports to us, or knowingly understated its Gross Sales 
or withheld the reporting of same, or, if, on two or more occasions in any single 24 month period, any audits 
or other investigations reveals an under-reporting or under-recording error of two percent (2%) or more, or 
on any single occasion any audit or other investigation reveals an under-reporting or under-recording of 
five percent (5%) or more. 
24.2.6 
Intellectual Property Misuse. If you misuse or make any unauthorized use of the 
Marks or otherwise impair the goodwill of our rights, or you take any action which reflects unfavorably 
upon the operation and reputation of the Franchised Business, the System, or the “Boston’s” brand 
generally.  If your employees or independent contractors engage in any of the same actions described above, 
unless you shall have exercised your best efforts to prevent such disclosures or use. 
24.2.7 
Health or Safety Violations. If you manage or operate your Franchised Business in 
a manner that presents a health or safety hazard to your customers, employees or the public. 
24.2.8 
Abandonment. If you abandon or fail to operate your Franchised Business for three 
consecutive business days unless you had received our prior written authorization to do so.    
24.2.9 
Failure to Pay. If you fail to pay any amount owed to us or an affiliate of ours 
within ten days after receipt of a demand for payment. 
24.2.10 
Unauthorized Transfer. If you attempt to sell, Transfer, encumber or otherwise 
dispose of any interest in you, this Franchise Agreement or the Franchised Business in violation of Section 
16 of this Franchise Agreement. 
24.2.11 
Brand Covenants. If you or any of your Owners violates any of the Brand 
Covenants. 
24.2.12 
License/Permits. If a regulatory authority suspends or revokes a license or permit 
held by you or an Owner that is required to operate the Franchised Business, even if you or the Owner still 
maintain appeal rights. 
24.2.13 
Failure to Complete Initial Training. If you or any required attendee fails to attend 
and complete the initial training program within the time period prescribed in this Franchise Agreement. 
24.2.14 
Repeated Defaults. If you commit a default of any obligation under this Franchise 
Agreement and have previously received two or more written notices of default from us within the 
preceding 12 months, regardless of whether any default is cured. 
