 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-8 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
these fees based on changes to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI Increase”), but only if the increase to the 
Consumer Price Index is more than 5% higher than the corresponding Consumer Price Index in effect on: 
(a) the effective date of the Franchise Agreement (for the initial fee adjustments); or (b) the date we 
implemented the last fee adjustment (for subsequent fee adjustments). We will notify you of any CPI 
adjustment at least 60 days before the fee adjustment becomes effective. We will implement no more than 
one CPI Increase during any calendar year.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the fee adjustments in this 
Section shall not impact fees which we reserve the right to increase in higher amounts or to adjust more 
frequently, including but not limited to the Technology Fee.   
7. 
ESTABLISHING YOUR FRANCHISED BUSINESS 
 
Opening 
You must open your Franchised Business to the public within 15 months after the Effective Date.  You 
may not open your Franchised Business before: (i) all required attendees have successfully completed the 
initial training program; (ii) you purchase all required insurance; (iii) you obtain all required licenses, 
permits and other governmental approvals required to establish, open and operate the Franchised Business 
(including but not limited to applicable liquor licenses); (iv) we provide our written approval of the 
construction, buildout and layout of your Premises; (v) and you receive our written approval.  We will 
provide on-site support for the opening of your first and second (if applicable) Franchised Business as 
described in Section 8.2.  
If you believe we have failed to adequately provide pre-opening services or training to you as provided 
in this Franchise Agreement, you shall notify us in writing within 30 days following the opening of the 
Franchised Business. If you do not provide such notice in a timely manner, it will be viewed as you 
conclusively acknowledging that all pre-opening and opening services and training required to be provided 
by us were sufficient and satisfactory in your judgment.   
 
Site Selection 
We will provide you with advice and general specifications for identifying a suitable location for the 
Premises, if a suitable Premises has not been agreed upon by the Effective Date.    
The Premises must conform to our minimum site selection criteria.  We must accept the site selected by 
you in writing before you can proceed.  Prior to granting our acceptance of a site, we will require you to 
retain the services of our designated project management firm who will assist you in site specific due 
diligence, including but not limited to initial conditions review and analysis, municipal review, scope 
development, initial site and floor planning, budget development and timeline development. You must send 
us a complete site report (containing the demographic, commercial and other information, photographs and 
videos we may reasonably require) for your proposed site.  We may accept or reject all proposed sites in 
our commercially reasonable judgment.  We will use our best efforts to accept or reject a proposed site 
within 30 days after we receive all of the requisite materials.  Your site is deemed disapproved if we fail to 
issue our written approval within the 30-day period.  If we disapprove of the proposed site, you must select 
another site, subject to our consent.  Our approval shall be evidenced by the execution of Attachment A-1 
by you and us.  You must only operate the Franchised Business at the location specified in Attachment A-
1, and your Franchised Business may not offer products or services from any other location unless we 
expressly authorize in writing.  You acknowledge that our approval of a site does not constitute a 
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, of the suitability of the site for the Premises.  
Our approval of the site indicates only that the site meets our minimum criteria.  You agree to locate and 
obtain our approval of the Premises within 180 days after the Effective Date. 
