 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-46 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
Texas (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law), but any law of those States that regulate the 
offer and sale of franchises or business opportunities or governs the relationship of a franchisor and its 
franchisee will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to 
this Section. 
 Relationship of the Parties 
You understand that you are an independent contractor and are not authorized to make any contract, 
agreement, warranty or representation or create any obligation on our behalf under this Franchise 
Agreement.  You understand and agree that nothing in this Franchise Agreement creates a fiduciary 
relationship between you and us or is intended to make either party a general or special agent, legal 
representative, subsidiary, joint venture, partner, employee or servant of the other for any purpose. During 
the Term, you must conspicuously identify yourself at your base of operations, and in all dealings with third 
parties, as a franchisee of ours and the independent owner of your Franchised Business. You agree to place 
such other notices of independent ownership on such forms, stationery, advertising, business cards and 
other materials as we may require from time to time. Neither we nor you are permitted to make any express 
or implied agreement, warranty or representation, or incur any debt, in the name of or on behalf of the other, 
or represent that our relationship is other than franchisor and franchisee. In addition, neither we nor you 
will be obligated by or have any liability under any agreements or representations made by the other that 
are not expressly authorized by this Franchise Agreement. You further agree that fulfillment of any and all 
of our obligations written in the Franchise Agreement, or based on any oral communications which may be 
ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall be our sole responsibility and none of our owners, officers, 
agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated with us shall be personally liable to you for any 
reason. 
 Severability and Substitution 
Each section, subsection, term and provision of this Franchise Agreement, and any portion thereof, is 
considered severable.  If any applicable and binding law imposes mandatory, non-waivable terms or 
conditions that conflict with a provision of this Franchise Agreement, the terms or conditions required by 
such law shall govern to the extent of the inconsistency and supersede the conflicting provision of this 
Franchise Agreement.  If a court concludes that any promise or covenant in this Franchise Agreement is 
unreasonable and unenforceable, including without limitation, the Brand Covenants: (i) the court may 
modify such promise or covenant to the minimum extent necessary to make such promise or covenant 
enforceable; or (ii) we may unilaterally modify such promise or covenant to make such promise or covenant 
enforceable and consistent with the original intent of the parties (i.e., to provide maximum protection for 
us and to effectuate your obligations under the Franchise Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law), 
and you agree to be bound by the modified provisions. 
 Waivers 
We and you may, by written instrument, unilaterally waive or reduce any obligation of or restriction 
upon the other.  Any waiver granted by us shall apply only the to the specifically waived provisions and 
shall not affect any other rights we may have.  We and you shall not be deemed to have waived or impaired 
any right, power or option reserved by this Franchise Agreement (including the right to demand exact 
compliance with every term, condition and covenant in this Franchise Agreement, or to declare any breach 
of this Franchise Agreement to be a default, and to terminate the Franchise Agreement before the expiration 
of its Term) by virtue of: (i) any custom or practice of the parties that varies with the terms of this Franchise 
Agreement; (ii) any failure, refusal or neglect of us or you to exercise any right under this Franchise 
Agreement or to insist upon exact compliance by the other with its obligations under this Franchise 
