 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
27 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Local Advertising 
In addition to the Brand Fund Contributions, you must spend 1% of Gross Sales per month on local 
advertising (“Local Advertising Requirement”).  On or before the tenth day of each month, you must 
provide us a local advertising report that includes substantiating receipts, that details your local advertising 
expenditure for the preceding month.  We have the right to review your books and records from time to 
time to make sure that you comply with the Local Advertising Requirement.  We will measure your 
compliance with this requirement on a rolling three-month basis based on your reporting, meaning that as 
long as your average monthly expenditure on local advertising over the three-month period equals or 
exceeds the minimum monthly amount that we specify, you will be deemed in compliance even if your 
expenditure in any given month is less than the minimum monthly amount that we specify.  If you fail to 
spend the Local Advertising Requirement, you will be required to pay the difference between the amount 
you spent and your Local Advertising Requirement to the Brand Fund.  If you wish to advertise online, you 
must follow our online policy.  Our online policy may change as technology and the Internet changes.  We 
may restrict your use of social media.  We may not allow you to independently market on the Internet, or 
use any domain name, address, locator, link, metatag or search technique with words or symbols similar to 
the Marks.  We intend that any franchisee website will be accessed only through our home page. 
We may require you to order sales and marketing material from us or our designated suppliers.  It 
is a material breach of the Franchise Agreement to use other marketing material without obtaining our prior 
written approval.  If you desire to use your own advertising materials, including your own website, you 
must obtain our prior approval, which may be granted or denied in our sole discretion.  We will review your 
request and we will respond in writing within 30 days from the date we receive all requested information.  
Our failure to notify you in the specified time frame will be deemed a disapproval of your request.  Use of 
logos, Marks and other name identification materials must follow our approved standards.  You may not 
use our logos, Marks and other name identification materials on items to be sold or services to be provided 
without our prior written approval.  If you use unauthorized advertising materials, you must pay our then-
current unauthorized advertising fee, (currently $500 per occurrence) to the Brand Fund. 
You agree, at your sole cost and expense, to issue and offer such rebates, giveaways and other 
promotions in accordance with advertising programs established by us, and further agree to honor the 
rebates, giveaways and other promotions issued by other Boston’s franchisees under any such program, so 
long as such compliance does not contravene any applicable law, rule or regulation.  You will not create or 
issue any gift cards or certificates and will only sell gift cards/certificates that have been issued or sponsored 
by us and which are accepted at all Boston’s Businesses, and you will not issue coupons or discounts of 
any type except as approved by us. 
We do not currently have any advertising cooperatives.  However, we reserve the right to create 
local or regional advertising cooperatives in the future.  You may be required to participate in any local or 
regional advertising cooperatives for Boston’s Business that are established.  The area of each local and 
regional advertising cooperative will be defined by us, based on our assessment of the area.  Franchisees in 
each cooperative will contribute an amount to the cooperative for each Boston’s Business that the franchisee 
owns that exists within the cooperative’s area.  Each Boston’s Business we own that exists within the 
cooperative’s area will contribute to the cooperative on the same basis as franchisees.  Members of the 
cooperative will be responsible for administering the cooperative, including determining the amount of 
contributions from each member.  We may require that each cooperative operate with governing documents 
and prepare annual unaudited financial statements.  We reserve the right to form, change, dissolve or merge 
any advertising cooperative formed in the future.  If we elect to form such cooperatives, or if such 
cooperatives already exist near your territory, you will be required to participate in compliance with the 
provisions of the Operations Manual, which we may periodically modify at our discretion.   
