 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-10 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 
Catastrophe 
If your Premises is destroyed or damaged by fire or other casualty and the Term of this Franchise 
Agreement and the lease for your Premises has at least two years remaining, you will: (i) within 30 days 
after such destruction or damage of your Premises, commence all repairs and reconstruction necessary to 
restore the Premises to its prior condition to such casualty; or (ii) relocate the Premises under the relocation 
provisions in this Section and the Term shall be extended for the period from the date the Premises closed 
due to the destruction or damage until it reopens.   
 
Use of Premises 
You may not use your Premises or permit your Premises to be used for any purpose other than offering 
the products and services we authorize, and you may only offer the products and services we authorize from 
your Premises.  You are required to obtain and maintain an active liquor license at all times during the Term 
of this Agreement, subject to applicable law. 
 
Relocation 
You may relocate your Premises within your Franchise Territory with our prior written approval, which 
we will not unreasonably withhold.  If we allow you to relocate within your Franchise Territory, you must: 
(i) comply with all requirements of the Franchise Agreement regarding the selection, construction and 
decoration your new Boston’s Premises; (ii) open your new Premises and resume operations within 30 days 
after closing your prior Premises; and (iii) reimburse us for our reasonable expenses (including attorney 
fees and costs).  You may not relocate your Premises outside of your Franchise Territory without our prior 
written approval, which we may withhold in our sole discretion.  We may require that your Franchise 
Territory be modified as a condition to our approval of you relocating your Premises.  Upon our approval 
of the relocation of your Premises, Attachment A shall be updated with the new location (and Franchise 
Territory, if necessary), and the remainder of this Franchise Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  
You agree to fully de-identify the former location of your Premises in accordance with our requirements at 
your sole cost and expense.  
8. 
TRAINING AND CONFERENCES 
 
Initial Training Program 
If this Agreement is for your first or second Franchised Business, we will provide our initial training 
program at no charge (except that we may charge you for course materials, at our discretion) for up to seven 
people so long as all persons attend the initial training program simultaneously and the initial training 
program is provided at a location in or near Dallas, Texas.  If you have entered into this Agreement for your 
third or any additional Franchised Business, your managers must complete initial training at one of your 
Franchised Businesses, provided it has been certified by our training department. If you do not have a 
certified training Franchised Business, then we will provide initial training to your managers at our Dallas 
training center, and you must pay us our then-current fee for this training. If we provide the initial training 
program at a location that is not in the Dallas, Texas area, then you must reimburse us for all of our travel-
related expenses no later than 15 days after invoiced. The initial training program must be completed within 
120 days prior to the date that your Franchised Business is scheduled to open.  We reserve the right to vary 
the length and content of the initial training program as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion based 
on the experience of the attendees.  We shall determine the scheduling, exact duration, contents and manner 
