 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-2 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
3. 
FRANCHISEE AS ENTITY 
 
Entity Representations 
For purpose of this Franchise Agreement, “Owner(s)” means any person holding a direct or indirect 
ownership interest (whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) or voting rights in you, this Franchise 
Agreement, or the Franchised Business.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or 
other form of business entity (“Entity”), you agree and represent that: 
3.1.1 
Authority. You have the authority to execute, deliver, and perform your obligations 
under this Franchise Agreement and all related agreements and are duly organized or formed, validly 
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the state of your incorporation or formation. 
3.1.2 
Company Documents. At our request, you will furnish copies of all documents and 
contracts governing the rights and obligations of your Owners (such as, Articles of Incorporation or 
Organization and partnership, operating or shareholder agreements or similar documents, the “Company 
Documents”).  You will not alter, change, or amend your Company Documents, without obtaining our prior 
written approval, which approval we will not unreasonably deny or withhold, and will grant if such changes 
will not prevent you from performing your obligations under this Franchise Agreement. 
3.1.3 
Transfer Restrictions. Your Company Documents will recite that this Franchise 
Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any ownership interests in you, and all certificates and other 
documents representing ownership interests in you will bear a legend referring to this Franchise 
Agreement’s restrictions. 
3.1.4 
Naming. You agree not to use the name “Boston’s” or any similar wording in the 
name of your Entity. 
3.1.5 
Owner Identification. You certify that Attachment B to this Franchise Agreement 
completely and accurately describes all of your Owners and their interests in you as of the Effective Date.  
You agree to sign and deliver to us a revised Attachment B to reflect any permitted changes in the 
information that Attachment B now contains. 
3.1.6 
Single Purpose Entity. The Franchised Business will be the only business that the 
Entity may operate, and your organizational documents must reflect this (although the Owners in the Entity 
may have other business interests subject to any restrictions on competitive businesses contained in this 
Franchise Agreement). 
3.1.7 
Franchise Owners Agreement. All Owners and their spouses must sign the 
Franchise Owners Agreement, attached as Attachment C to this Franchise Agreement.  You agree that, if 
any person or Entity ceases to be one of your Owners, or if any individual or Entity becomes an Owner of 
you (such ownership change must comply with the “Transfer Conditions” discussed later in this Franchise 
Agreement), you will require the new Owner (and the new Owner’s spouse) to execute all documents 
required by us, including the Franchise Owners Agreement. 
3.1.8 
No Offerings. You agree that you will not offer any securities (in a public or private 
offering or otherwise) or engage in any type of fundraising (like crowdfunding) without our prior written 
consent, which may be withheld in our sole discretion.  You agree to give us written notice at least 30 days 
before the commencement of any offering covered by this Section and to submit all offering materials to 
us for review before they are filed with any governmental agency or distributed for use. Our review of the 
offering materials shall be limited solely to the subject of the relationship between you and us. No offering 
