 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
31 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
optional, while others may be required.  If you appoint a new Responsible Owner or transfer ownership, or 
if you hire a new Franchise Manager, that person must attend and successfully complete our initial training 
program before assuming responsibility for the management of your Boston’s Business.  You may also 
request additional training (either at corporate headquarters or at your Boston’s Business).  You must pay 
us $1,000 per trainer per five-day period, plus $350 per diem per day per trainer, plus travel-related expenses 
per attendee per day for additional training, and you must pay for airfare, meals, transportation costs, 
lodging and incidental expenses for all of your training program attendees.   
 
If we determine that you are not operating your Boston’s Business in compliance with the Franchise 
Agreement or the Operations Manual, we may require that your Responsible Owner, Franchise Manager 
and other employees attend remedial training.  You will be required to pay us the then-current training fee 
for any such training.  If the training program is conducted at your Boston’s Business, you must reimburse 
us for the expenses we or our representatives incur in providing the training.  In addition to participating in 
ongoing training, you will be required to attend any national or regional meeting or conference of 
franchisees.  You are responsible for any conference fee and all travel and expenses for your attendees. 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
Franchise Agreement 
 
You may operate your Boston’s Business only at the approved location.  The approved location for 
your Boston’s Business will be listed in the Franchise Agreement.  If you have not identified an approved 
location for your Boston’s Business when you sign the Franchise Agreement, as is typically the case, you 
and we will agree on the approved location in writing and amend the Franchise Agreement after you select 
and we approve the approved location.  You are not guaranteed any specific approved location, and you 
may not be able to obtain your top choice as your approved location.  You may not conduct your Boston’s 
Business from any other location.  
We will grant you a protected territory (“Franchise Territory”) based on the geographic area and 
populations properties within that area and other relevant demographic characteristics and will typically be 
a one-mile radius around your Boston’s Business. The Franchise Territory does not depend on your 
achievement of a minimum sales volume or other contingency.  You do not receive the right to acquire 
additional Franchises unless you purchase the right in your Area Development Agreement.  Except as noted 
above, we do not grant you any options or rights of first refusal under the Franchise Agreement.  You are 
not prohibited from directly marketing to or soliciting customers whose principal residence is outside of 
your Franchise Territory.  You may not sell products through other channels of distribution such as 
wholesale, Internet or mail order sales.  If you renew your Franchise, your Franchise Territory may be 
modified depending on the then-current demographics of the Franchise Territory, and on our then-current 
standards for territories.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we 
control. 
You must follow our off-site policies and procedures in our Operations Manual, which may allow 
you or third parties to provide catering and delivery services in the territories of other Boston’s Businesses 
without compensating the operator of those restaurants.  These policies may require you to provide catering 
and delivery services and/or utilize third-party delivery services.  You may be required to use the third-
party delivery service(s) with which we have a national contract, and you may not contract with any other 
delivery platform without our written approval.  We reserve the right to establish a non-exclusive delivery 
system such as call-ahead, internet-order, mobile application or similar program in which case you agree to 
