 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-28 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
 3. INFORMATION PROVIDED 
Whenever Franchisee or any User provides any information to BPR through the BostonLink, 
Franchisee irrevocably agrees that BPR may use that information in the same manner as the information 
provided by Franchisee to BPR under the Franchise Agreement. 
4. CONSENT TO COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL 
INFORMATION 
Franchisee acknowledges that BPR shall collect personal information from Franchisee in several 
ways, such as through application forms, surveys, inspection reports, emails, communications between 
Franchisee or the Users and BPR, from information submitted by Franchisee through the BostonLink, and 
from information collected by BPR from references, search agencies, financial institutions, credit reporting 
agencies and other sources. Franchisee acknowledges that any personal information collected about 
Franchisee by BPR shall be used by BPR to provide services over the BostonLink, to protect the 
Confidential Information defined hereunder, and to ensure Franchisee and the Users comply with this 
Agreement and other applicable agreements and laws. Franchisee also acknowledges that Franchisee’s 
personal information may be distributed to third parties including landlords, financial institutions, financial 
and legal advisors and government bodies for any of the same purposes. Franchisee irrevocably consents 
to BPR collecting, using and disclosing Franchisee’s personal information for any of the above purposes. 
In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, BPR may disclose any information you provide to, on or 
through BostonLink (i) when BPR believes disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation, 
or government request or to comply with judicial process; or (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or 
appropriate to operate BostonLink; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of BPR, other BostonLink users, 
or any of BPR’s customers, franchisees, or affiliates. Franchisee grants BPR a non-exclusive, royalty free, 
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide and universal license to use and display all information and content 
provided on the BostonLink by Franchisee on the BostonLink and in any other medium and to perform all 
actions in relation to that content as BPR deems fit. BPR may delete or modify any of the content without 
notice and without reason. 
5. FORUMS AND LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES 
BPR is not responsible for, and shall not be liable for any damages caused by, the information or 
comments provided on any BostonLink web page modules or any web pages displaying information from 
sources other than BPR including the following: 
Module 
Description 
Discussion/Forums 
An area to share information with other users of the BostonLink. 
Important 
Information 
The Important Information page shows Mailings and Seminar dates. Mailings 
can include memos, manual updates, new menus, and other important 
information. 
My Mail 
The My Mail area provides access to Franchisee’s mailbox. Mail messages can 
be read, saved, deleted, replied to, and forwarded. New messages can also be 
composed and sent. 
Supplier Links 
The Suppliers and Links page displays the various Suppliers and Links that relate 
to BPR. 
 
6. MONITORING 
BPR has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor or log use of the BostonLink by one or both 
of Franchisee and the Users (including any information in the discussion forums and mail portions of the 
BostonLink), to determine whether Franchisee and the Users are complying with this Agreement, and any 
