 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-49 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
any other franchisee’s specific individual interests; (iii) we will have no liability to you for the exercise of 
our discretion in this manner, so long as the discretion is not exercised in bad faith; and (iv) in the absence 
of bad faith, no trier of fact in any arbitration or litigation shall substitute its judgment for our judgment so 
exercised. 
 Cumulative Rights 
The rights of the parties under this Franchise Agreement are cumulative and no exercise or enforcement 
by either party of any right or remedy under this Franchise Agreement will preclude any other right or 
remedy available under this Franchise Agreement or by law. 
 Survival 
All provisions that expressly or by their nature survive the termination, expiration or Transfer of this 
Franchise Agreement (or the Transfer of an ownership interest in the Franchised Business) will continue in 
full force and effect, even after the termination, expiration or Transfer of the Franchise Agreement, until 
they are fully satisfied or expire by their own terms. 
 Construction 
The headings in this Franchise Agreement are for convenience only and do not define, limit or construe 
the contents of the sections or subsections.  All references to Sections refer to the Sections contained in this 
Franchise Agreement unless otherwise specified.  All references to days in this Franchise Agreement refer 
to calendar days unless otherwise specified.  The term “you” as used in this Franchise Agreement is 
applicable to one or more persons or an Entity, and the singular usage includes the plural and the masculine 
and neuter usages include the other, the feminine and the possessive. 
 Time is of the Essence 
Time is of the essence in this Franchise Agreement and every term thereof. 
 Notice  
All notices given under this Franchise Agreement must be in writing, delivered by hand, email (to the 
last email address provided by the recipient), or priority mail or delivered by a recognized courier service, 
delivery confirmation, to the following addresses (which may be changed upon ten business days’ prior 
written notice): 
You: 
As set forth on Attachment A (“Franchisee Notice Address”) 
Us: 
14850 Quorum Drive, Suite 201, Dallas, Texas 75254 
Notice shall be considered given at the time delivered by hand, or one business day after sending 
by a reputable overnight delivery service, email or comparable electronic system, or three business days 
after placed in the mail, by priority mail with a delivery confirmation. 
(Signature Page Follows) 
