 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-3 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
in connection with a third-party claim. Releasor represents and warrants to the Released Parties, and agrees, 
that it may later learn of new or different facts, but that still, it is Releasor’s intention to fully, finally, and 
forever release all of the claims that are released above.  This includes the Releasor’s waiver of state laws that 
might apply to limit a release (such as Calif. Civil Code Section 1542, which states that “[a] general release 
does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect exist in his favor at the time of executing 
the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor”). 
3. 
Nondisparagement.  Releasor expressly covenants and agrees not to make any false 
representation of facts, or to defame, disparage, discredit, or deprecate any of the Released Parties or otherwise 
communicate with any person or entity in a manner intending to damage any of the Released Parties, their 
business, or their reputation. 
4. 
Confidentiality.  Releasor agrees to hold in strictest confidence and not disclose, publish, or 
use the existence of, or any details relating to, this Release to any third party without Franchisor’s express 
written consent, except as required by law. 
5. 
Miscellaneous. 
a.  Releasor agrees that it has read and fully understands this Release and that the opportunity 
has been afforded to Releasor to discuss the terms and contents of said Release with legal counsel and/or that 
such a discussion with legal counsel has occurred. 
b.  This Release shall be construed and governed by the laws of the State of Texas. 
c.  Each individual and entity that comprises Releasor shall be jointly and severally liable for 
the obligations of Releasor.  
d.  In the event that it shall be necessary for any Party to institute legal action to enforce or for 
the breach of any of the terms and conditions or provisions of this Release, the prevailing Party in such action 
shall be entitled to recover all of its reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees. 
e.  All of the provisions of this Release shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
Parties and their current and future respective directors, officers, partners, attorneys, agents, employees, 
shareholders, and the spouses of such individuals, successors, affiliates, and assigns.  No other party shall be 
a third-party beneficiary to this Release. 
f.  This Release constitutes the entire agreement and, as such, supersedes all prior oral and 
written agreements or understandings between and among the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof.  This 
Release may not be modified except in a writing signed by all of the Parties.  This Release may be executed in 
multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but 
one and the same document. 
g.  If one or more of the provisions of this Release shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal, 
or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect or impair any 
other provision of this Release, but this Release shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable 
provision had not been contained herein. 
h.  Releasor agrees to do such further acts and things and to execute and deliver such additional 
agreements and instruments as any Released Party may reasonably require to consummate, evidence, or 
confirm the Release contained herein in the matter contemplated hereby. 
