 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-47 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
Agreement, including any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure; (iii) any waiver, 
forbearance, delay, failure or omission by us to exercise any right, power or option, whether of the same, 
similar or different nature, relating to other “Boston’s” franchisees; or (iv) the acceptance by us of any 
payments due from you after breach of this Franchise Agreement. 
 Approvals 
Whenever this Franchise Agreement requires our approval, you must make a timely written request for 
approval, and the approval must be in writing in order to bind us.  Except as otherwise expressly provided 
in this Franchise Agreement, if we fail to approve any request for approval within the required period of 
time, we shall be deemed to have denied your request.  If we deny approval and you seek legal redress for 
the denial, the only relief to which you may be entitled is to acquire our approval.  Except where this 
Franchise Agreement states that we may not unreasonably withhold our approval or consent, we may 
withhold such approval or consent, in our sole discretion.  You are not entitled to any other relief or damages 
for our denial of approval. 
 Force Majeure 
No party shall be liable for any loss or damage that arises directly or indirectly through or as a result of 
any failure or delay in the fulfilment its obligations in whole or in part (other than the payment of money 
as may be owed by a party) under this Franchise Agreement where the delay or failure is due to Force 
Majeure (defined below).  In the event of Force Majeure, the parties shall be relieved of their respective 
obligations only to the extent each party, respectively, is prevented or delayed in performing its obligations 
during the period of Force Majeure.  As used in this Franchise Agreement, the term “Force Majeure” shall 
mean any act of God, strike, lock-out or other industrial disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), riot, 
epidemic, fire or other catastrophe, act of any government and any other similar cause which is beyond the 
party’s control and cannot be overcome by use of normal commercial measures.  The party whose 
performance is affected by an event of Force Majeure shall give prompt notice of such event to the other 
party, which in no case shall be more than 48 hours after the event, and provide them with the information 
regarding the nature of the event and its estimated duration. The affected party will provide the other party 
with periodic reports regarding the status and progress of the Force Majeure event.  Each party must use its 
best efforts to mitigate the effect of the event of Force Majeure upon its performance of the Agreement and 
to fulfill its obligations under the Franchise Agreement.   
Upon completion of a Force Majeure event, the party affected must as soon as reasonably practicable 
recommence the performance of its obligations under this Franchise Agreement.  Any delay resulting from 
an event of Force Majeure will extend performance accordingly or excuse performance (other than payment 
of money), in whole or in part, only to the extent reasonable under the circumstances.  However, in the 
event the Force Majeure continues for a period of six months or more, then the unaffected party may, at its 
option, terminate this Franchise Agreement by thirty (30) days prior written notice to the party asserting 
such Force Majeure.  An event of Force Majeure does not relieve a party from liability for an obligation 
which arose before the occurrence of the event, nor does that event affect any obligation to pay money 
owed under the Franchise Agreement or to indemnify us, whether such obligation arose before or after the 
Force Majeure event.  An event of Force Majeure shall not affect your obligations to comply with any 
restrictive covenants in this Franchise Agreement during or after the Force Majeure event. 
 Delegation 
We have the right in our sole and absolute discretion to delegate to third party designees, whether these 
designees are our agents or independent contractors with whom we have contracted the performance of any 
