 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-27 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
EXHIBIT H-8 
 
BOSTON’S FRANCHISE 
 
BOSTONLINK AGREEMENT 
 
THIS AGREEMENT is made effective ___________________________ between Boston Pizza 
Restaurants, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“BPR”), whose principal place of business is 14850 
Quorum Drive, Suite 201, Dallas, Texas, 75254, Facsimile No. 972-484-7630 for US Franchisees, and 
Insert Franchisee Name, of Insert Franchisee Address Facsimile No. Insert Franchisee Fax Number 
(“Franchisee”). 
WHEREAS, BPR provides a private intranet at www.bostonlink.org (the “BostonLink”) 
containing trade secrets and confidential information intended by BPR to be available only to its employees, 
developers, franchisees and others associated with the BPR System (defined below) for their use only in a 
fashion authorized by BPR; 
WHEREAS, Franchisee wishes to have access, and to allow Users (defined below) to have access 
to the BostonLink and BPR has agreed to allow Franchisee and Users to have access on the terms and 
conditions herein. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
each party acknowledges, Franchisee and BPR agree as follows: 
1. DEFINITIONS 
In this Agreement: 
“Affiliate” means any corporation which is Controlled by or which Controls BPR or any other 
corporation Controlled by, or which Controls BPR, whether such Control be direct or indirect. 
“BPR Manuals” means the copyrighted BPR System series of manuals owned by BPR, as revised 
by BPR from time to time, together with all computer media (e.g., information posted on the BostonLink, 
computer software and CD-Roms) and electronic communications via the Internet (e.g., email) provided, 
or made available, by BPR to Franchisee or the Users. 
“BPR System” means the franchised system of full service, casual dining restaurants (the “BPR 
Restaurants”) featuring pizza, pasta and other food specialties, beverages and forms of entertainment, which 
operate under one or more of the trade-marks of BPR; including, without limitation, procedures for 
developing new BPR Restaurants, preparing foods and beverages, conducting advertising and other 
marketing, training and ongoing administrative support to franchisees. 
“Control”, “Controls” and “Controlled” includes, without limitation: the right to exercise a majority 
of votes which may be cast at a general meeting of a corporation; and the right to elect or appoint, directly 
or indirectly, a majority of the directors of a corporation or one or more other persons who have the right 
to manage or supervise the management of the affairs and business of the corporation. 
“Franchise Agreement” means the Franchise Agreement between BPR and Franchisee dated as of the date 
of this Agreement, as amended from time to time, and each renewal or replacement thereof. 
 
“User” or “Users” means that person or persons who access the BostonLink through a user account 
created by BPR at the request of Franchisee and who are employed by Franchisee.  
2. LIMITED LICENSE 
BPR hereby grants to Franchisee a limited license, revocable in BPR’s sole discretion, to access 
and use the BostonLink in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
