 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-17 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
or discounted rates.  We may also request you purchase and use advertisements and promotional materials 
we designate for your Franchised Business.   
 Marketing Materials 
You must order any sales and marketing material from us, or our designated suppliers (which may be 
an affiliate), that we require.  We may create advertising and other marketing materials, and make these 
available to you.  We may charge you for these materials.  We may make these materials available over the 
Internet (in which case you must arrange for printing the materials and paying all printing costs).  We may 
also enter into relationships with third-party suppliers who will create the advertising or marketing materials 
for your purchase.   
 Approval 
We must approve all advertising and promotional materials we did not prepare or previously approve 
(including materials we prepared or approved and you modify) before you use them.  We will be deemed 
to have disapproved the materials if we fail to issue our approval within 30 days after receipt.  You may not 
use any advertising or promotional materials that we have disapproved (including materials that we 
previously approved and later disapprove).  If you use any advertising without our approval, you must pay 
us our then-current unauthorized advertising fee as described in our Operations Manual.  
 Pre-Opening Marketing 
 
We will present you with customized marketing plan options designed to advertise and promote the 
opening of your Franchised Business approximately 24 weeks before the opening date of your Franchised 
Business (“Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance”).  You must select a media plan option approved by us and 
pay our then-current cost of the marketing plan (currently, approximately $20,000) as described in our 
Operations Manual within 14 days of our presentation to you.  The cost of the marketing plan is due upon 
invoicing.  Any portion of the Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance amount that is unused as of the opening 
date of your Franchised Business will be used for marketing your Franchised Business in your Franchise 
Territory after opening.  You will request, in writing, that we pay the advertising vendor directly for the 
advertising media you have procured out of the remaining Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance amount.  
There is no deadline for you to use the remainder, and it will continue to roll over until exhausted.  If the 
cost of the advertising you submit for remittance to the vendor is more than the remainder of your Pre-
Opening Marketing Assistance, you will be responsible for the difference.  Any marketing or advertising 
beyond your Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance plan and payment is in addition to your Brand Fund 
Contribution and Local Advertising Requirement obligations, as applicable.  All expenses and fees for your 
pre-opening marketing plan are non-refundable under any circumstances. 
 
You may, at your sole option and expense, host additional opening or grand opening events. If you elect 
to host such events, we must approve in writing, in advance, all advertising, methods, and media you use 
in connection with such events, and your related expenditures will not be credited toward the pre-opening 
advertising described above or any of your other advertising expenditures or other obligations.     
 Local Advertising Requirement 
In addition to your required Brand Fund Contribution, you must spend 1% of Gross Sales per month on 
local advertising for your Franchised Business (“Local Advertising Requirement”).  Local advertising and 
promotion will be conducted by you individually or, at our discretion, with other franchisees in your region. 
Your local marketing must comply with the policies and procedures established by us for the prior approval 
