 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-35 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 Our Indemnification of You 
Provided that you are not in default under this Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us, we 
will indemnify you and hold you harmless for, from and against any and all costs and expenses incurred by 
you as a result of or in connection with any claim asserted against you based upon the violation of any third 
party’s intellectual property rights caused by your use of our Marks in strict compliance with the terms of 
this Franchise Agreement and Operations Manual. You must promptly notify us of any such claim and fully 
cooperate with us in the defense of such claim. 
23. 
TERMINATION BY YOU 
You may terminate this Franchise Agreement if you are in full compliance, and we materially breach 
this Franchise Agreement and fail to cure the breach within 60 days after you send us a written notice 
specifying the nature of the breach.  You may also terminate this Franchise Agreement if you and we 
mutually agree, in our sole discretion, which may be withheld, in writing to terminate this Franchise 
Agreement.  In such an event, you and we will be deemed to have waived any required notice period.  If 
you terminate this Franchise Agreement, you must still comply with your post-termination obligations 
described below and all other obligations that survive the expiration or termination of this Franchise 
Agreement. 
24. 
TERMINATION BY US 
The rights to terminate the Franchise Agreement in the Section shall be referred to as our “Termination 
Rights.” 
 Automatic Termination Without Notice 
You shall be in default under this Franchise Agreement, and we may immediately terminate all rights 
granted to you by this Franchise Agreement without notice if (i) you file or cause to be filed a petition in 
bankruptcy or you are adjudicated bankrupt or judicially determined to be insolvent (subject to any contrary 
provisions of any applicable state or federal laws); or (ii) you admit to your inability to meet your  financial 
obligations as they become due, or make a disposition for the benefit of its creditors (unless prohibited by 
law);  or (iii) a receiver or custodian (permanent or temporary) is appointed for any of your assets or 
property; or (iv) a final judgment in excess of $10,000 against you remains unsatisfied or of record for 60 
days or longer (unless a bond is filed or other steps are taken to effectively stay enforcement of such 
judgment), except that we may provide you with additional time to satisfy the judgment if you demonstrate 
that you are using commercially reasonable efforts to resolve the issues related to the judgment. 
 Option to Terminate Without Opportunity to Cure 
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate this Franchise Agreement immediately upon written notice to 
you, without opportunity to cure, upon the occurrence of any of the following events, each of which 
constitute events of default under this Franchise Agreement.   
24.2.1 
Failure to Open. If you fail to open your Franchised Business within the time 
period required. 
24.2.2 
Material Misrepresentation. If you or any Owner commits any fraud or makes any 
material misrepresentation to us, whether occurring before or after the Effective Date. 
