 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-34 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
may require you to take, and you agree to take, immediate corrective action, which action may include 
temporarily closing the Franchised Business.   
  Audit 
We have the right, at any time, to have an independent audit made of the books and financial records of 
your Franchised Business.  You agree to fully cooperate with us and any third parties we hire to conduct 
the audit.  Any audit will be performed at our cost and expense. However, you agree to reimburse us for 
the cost of the audit and inspection, including reasonable accounting, legal, travel and lodging expenses if 
the audit: (i) is necessitated by your failure to provide the information requested or to preserve records, or 
file reports as required by this Franchise Agreement; or (ii) reveals an understatement of any amount due 
to us by at least three percent (3%) in any week, in which case you must also pay any amount owed to us, 
including any related expenses and Late Fees.  The audit cost reimbursements will be due ten days after 
invoicing.  Accepting reimbursements for our audit costs does not waive our right to terminate this 
Franchise Agreement. 
22. 
INDEMNITY 
 Your Indemnification of Us 
Independent of your obligation to procure and maintain insurance, you and your Owners will indemnify, 
defend  and hold us and our affiliates, the respective officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, 
members, employees, agents and contractors of these entities, and the successors, assigns, personal 
representatives, heirs and legatees of all of these persons or entities (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) 
harmless, to the fullest extent  permitted by law, from and against all expenses, losses, payments or 
obligations to make payments either (i) to or for third party claimants by any and all Indemnified Parties, 
including refunds, or (ii) incurred by any and all Indemnified Parties to investigate, take action, respond to 
or defend a matter, including investigation and trial charges, costs and expenses, fees, fees paid to 
professionals, attorney fees, experts’ fees, court costs, settlement amounts, judgments and costs of 
collection (collectively, “Losses and Expenses”), incurred by any Indemnified Parties for any investigation, 
claim, action, suit, demand, administrative or alternative dispute resolution proceeding, actually or 
allegedly, directly or indirectly, relating to, arising out of, or resulting from or in connection with: any 
transaction, occurrence, product or service involving the Franchised Business or this Franchise Agreement; 
your employment or other contractual relationship with your employees, workers, managers, or independent 
contractors, including but not limited to any allegation, claim, finding, or ruling that we are an employer or 
joint employer of your employees; your marketing, selling, or providing of items and services; and any 
breach of violation of any agreement (including this Franchise  Agreement), or any law, regulation or ruling, 
by any act, error or omission (active or passive) of you, any party associated with you, or any of your or 
your affiliates’ owners, officers, directors, managers, employees, owners and agents, including when any 
of the Indemnified Parties is alleged or proven to be negligent. 
You agree to give us notice of any action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or investigation 
described above.  The Indemnified Parties shall have the right, in their sole discretion to: (i) retain counsel 
of their own choosing to represent them with respect to any claim; and (ii) control the response thereto and 
the defense thereof, including the right to enter into an agreement to settle such claim.  You may participate 
in such defense at your own expense.  You agree to give your full cooperation to the Indemnified Parties in 
assisting the Indemnified Parties with the defense of any such claim, and to reimburse the Indemnified 
Parties for all of their costs and expenses in defending any such claim, including court costs and reasonable 
attorney fees, within ten days of the date of each invoice delivered by such Indemnified Party to you 
enumerating such costs, expenses and attorney fees. 
