 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
38 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
“System Protection Agreement,” the form of which is attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document in 
Exhibit H-2 (unless they already signed a Franchise Owners Agreement).  All of your employees, 
independent contractors, agents or representatives that may have access to our confidential information 
must sign a confidentiality agreement (unless they already signed a System Protection Agreement), the 
current form of which is attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit H-2.   
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must sell or offer for sale only those products and services authorized by us, and which meet 
our standards and specifications.  Authorized products may differ among our franchisees, and may vary 
depending on the operating season and geographic location of your Boston’s Business or other factors.  You 
must follow our policies, procedures, methods and techniques.  You must sell or offer for sale all types of 
products and services specified by us.  We may change or add to our required products and services, at our 
discretion, with prior notice to you.  If we change or add to our required products and services, the changes 
or additions will remain in permanent effect, unless we specify otherwise.  The amount you must pay for 
the changes or additions will depend upon the nature and type of changes or additions.  There are no 
limitations on our rights to make changes to the required products and services offered by you.  You must 
discontinue selling and offering for sale any products and services that we disapprove.  We reserve the right 
to establish minimum and maximum resale prices for use with multi-area marketing programs and special 
price promotions. 
You may not establish an account or participate in any social networking sites, crowdfunding 
campaigns or blogs or mention or discuss the Boston’s Business, us or any of our affiliates without our 
prior written consent and as subject to our online policy.  Our online policy may completely prohibit you 
from any use of the Marks in social networking sites or other online use.  You may not sell products through 
other channels of distribution such as wholesale, Internet or mail order sales.  Otherwise, we place no 
restrictions upon your ability to serve customers, provided you do so from the location of your Boston’s 
Business in accordance with our policies. 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise agreement and related 
agreements.  You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure 
document. 
Provision 
Section in  
Franchise Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the franchise term 
Section 5.1 
10 years. 
b. Renewal or extension  
 
 
 
Section 5.1 
If you are in good standing and you meet other 
requirements, you may add 2 successor term of 
5 years. 
