 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-18 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
of all proposed marketing and promotion campaigns and materials. On or before the tenth day of each 
month, you must submit to us a local advertising report, including substantiating receipts, detailing your 
local advertising expenditure for the preceding month. We also have the right to review your books and 
records from time to time to determine your local advertising expenditure. We will measure your 
compliance with this requirement on a rolling three-month basis based on your reporting, meaning that as 
long as your average monthly expenditure on local advertising over the three-month period equals or 
exceeds the minimum monthly amount that we specify, you will be deemed in compliance even if your 
expenditure in any given month is less than the minimum monthly amount that we specify.  If you fail to 
spend the Local Advertising Requirement, you will be required to pay the difference between the amount 
you spent and your Local Advertising Requirement for the applicable three-month period to the Brand 
Fund.  You agree to participate at your own expense in all advertising, promotional and marketing programs 
we require, which may require that you offer products or services for sale at discounted prices or at no 
charge. 
 Online Advertising 
You may not maintain a separate website, conduct e-commerce, or otherwise maintain a presence on the 
Internet in connection with your Franchised Business without our express written permission, which we 
may revoke at any time, in our sole discretion.  Any website we permit you to establish will be subject to 
all of your marketing and advertising requirements under this Franchise Agreement and the Operations 
Manual.  If you wish to utilize social media or advertise online, you must follow our online policy contained 
in our Operations Manual.  Our online policy may change as technology and the Internet changes.  We may 
require that you utilize our designated supplier for social media marketing services, at your expense.  You 
may not use the Marks in any fundraising campaign, including crowdfunding. We may restrict your use of 
social media.  We restrict your ability to independently market on the Internet, and we may not allow you 
to use any domain name, address, locator, link, metatag or search technique with words or symbols similar 
to the Marks.   
 Advertising Cooperative 
You must participate in any advertising cooperative that we require for the purpose of creating and/or 
purchasing advertising programs for the benefit of all franchisees operating within a particular region.  
Members of the cooperative will be responsible for administering the cooperative, including determining 
the amount of contributions from each member.  We may require that each cooperative operate with 
governing documents and prepare annual unaudited financial statements.  We may form, change, dissolve 
or merge any advertising cooperative.  Your participation in any cooperative must be in compliance with 
the provisions of the Operations Manual, which we may periodically modify at our discretion.  We have 
the right to determine the composition of all geographic territories and market areas for each advertising 
cooperative.  Franchisees in each cooperative will contribute an amount to the cooperative for each 
Franchised Business that the franchisee owns that exists within any cooperative’s geographic area.  Each 
Boston’s business we own that exists within the cooperative’s area will contribute to the cooperative on the 
same basis as franchisees.   
 Advisory Council 
We may form, change, merge or dissolve an advisory council (“Council”) at any time, in our sole 
discretion, to advise us on advertising policies and to promote communications between us and all 
franchisees.  Any such Council will be governed by bylaws that will specify that members of the Council 
would consist of both franchisees and franchisor representatives and will specify how members are selected, 
subject to any changes to such bylaws or structure we deem necessary in our sole discretion.  Any Council 
