 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
3 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
as a whole, is well-developed and highly competitive and includes retail units, mobile food trucks, and 
kiosks selling various types of food.  You may have to compete with numerous other independent and 
chain-affiliated restaurants, some of which may be franchised.  Many restaurant franchise systems, in 
particular, have already established national and international brand recognition. 
Industry-Specific Laws 
Many local or state jurisdictions require food service permits for those preparing, handling and 
serving food to the public.  You and your employees may be required to pass a test or other certification 
process to obtain these permits.  There may also be local ordinances and regulations governing food storage, 
preparation and serving and those that establish general requirements or restrictions on advertising 
containing false or misleading claims, or health and nutrient claims on menus or otherwise, such as “low 
calorie” or “fat free”.  Local and state jurisdictions may also establish requirements concerning 
withholdings and employee reporting of taxes on tips.   
You must obtain a retail alcoholic beverage license under state and local law, regulations and 
ordinances.  You should understand that the sale of alcoholic beverages is heavily regulated by federal, 
state and local laws, regulations and ordinances.  These laws, regulations and ordinances may vary 
significantly between jurisdictions.  You may also have liability imposed on you by Dram Shop Laws for 
injuries directly and indirectly related to the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages. 
You must obtain all required licenses, permits, and approvals to operate your Boston’s Business.  
Some states and local jurisdictions may have enacted or may in the future enact laws, rules, regulations, 
and ordinances which may apply to the Boston’s Business.  These regulations may establish certain 
standards, specifications, and requirements that must be followed by you.   
Franchisees must also be sure to comply with applicable federal and state laws regulating the 
privacy and security of sensitive consumer and employee information.   
You should consult with a legal advisor about whether these and/or other requirements apply to 
your Boston’s Business.  Failure to comply with laws and regulations is a material breach of the Franchise 
Agreement. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Chairman of the Board of Directors: James Walter Treliving 
 
Mr. Treliving has served as Boston’s Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 2023, its 
President from November 2004 to March 2023, and its Chief Executive Officer from December 2001 to 
November 2004, in Dallas, Texas.  Mr. Treliving has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
BPR GP, BPR USA, and BPR Marketing in Dallas, Texas since March 2023.  Prior to that, he served as 
the President of: BPR GP from October 2001 to March 2023; BPR USA from October 1995 to March 2023; 
and BPR Marketing from February 1999 to March 2023, all in Dallas, Texas.  Mr. Treliving is also the 
owner of BPI, and has served as a Director since January 1983 in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.  
He is also a Director of TPI in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada and has been since September 2017. 
 
