 
 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-D-2 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
 
However, Owners may rebut this presumption by furnishing evidence conclusively showing that Owners 
did not disclose the Confidential Information to the family member. 
  
3. 
Covenant Not to Compete. 
  
3.1 
Non-Competition During and After the Term of the Area Development 
Agreement.  Owners acknowledge that as a participant in our system, they will receive proprietary and 
confidential information and materials, trade secrets, and the unique methods, procedures, and techniques 
which we have developed.  The provisions of the Area Development Agreement governing Area 
Developer’s restrictions on competition both during the term of the Area Development Agreement and 
following the expiration or termination of the Area Development Agreement are hereby incorporated into 
this Area Developer Owners Agreement by reference, and Owners agree to comply with and perform 
each such covenant as though fully set forth in this Area Developer Owners Agreement as a direct and 
primary obligation of Owners.  Further, we may seek the same remedies against Owners under this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement as we may seek against Area Developer under the Area Development 
Agreement.   
 
3.2 
Construction of Covenants.  The parties agree that each such covenant related to 
non-competition will be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement.  If all or any portion of a covenant referenced in this Section 3 is held 
unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in a final decision to which 
we are a party, Owners agree to remain bound to the maximum extent permitted by law, as if that 
covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this Section 3. 
  
3.3 
Our Right to Reduce Scope of Covenants.  Additionally, we have the right, in our 
sole discretion, to unilaterally reduce the scope of all or part of any covenant referenced in this Section 3 
of this Area Developer Owners Agreement, without Owners’ consent (before or after any dispute arises), 
effective when we give Owners written notice of this reduction.  Owners agree to comply with any 
covenant as so modified. 
 
 4. 
Continuing Guarantee. 
  
4.1 
Payment.  To the extent applicable, Owners will pay us (or cause us to be paid) 
all monies payable by Area Developer under the Area Development Agreement whether now or in the 
future on the dates and in the manner required for payment in the relevant agreement. 
  
4.2 
Performance.  Owners unconditionally guarantee full performance and discharge 
by Area Developer of all of Area Developer’s obligations under the Area Development Agreement 
whether now or in the future on the date and times and in the manner required in the relevant agreement. 
  
4.3 
Indemnification.  Owners will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, all of our 
affiliates, and the respective shareholders, directors, partners, employees, and agents of such entities, 
against and from all losses, damages, costs, and expenses which we or they may sustain, incur, or become 
liable for, now or in the future, by reason of: (i) Area Developer’s failure to pay the amounts owed (to us 
or any of our affiliates) pursuant to the Area Development Agreement, or to do and perform any other act, 
matter, or thing required by the Area Development Agreement; or (ii) any action by us to obtain 
performance by Area Developer of any act, matter, or thing required by the Area Development 
Agreement. 
  
4.4 
No Exhaustion of Remedies.  Owners acknowledge and agree that we are not 
obligated to exhaust all remedy (whether legal or equitable) against or pursue relief from the Area 
