 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-11 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
MINNESOTA 
 
 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will 
supersede and apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota: 
 
1. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which would require you to assent to a release, 
assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota 
Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22 will be void to the extent that such contractual provision 
violates such law. 
 
2. 
Minnesota Statute Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit the franchisor from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in the FDD or 
Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws 
of Minnesota. 
 
3. 
Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving his rights to a jury trial or waiving 
his rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction, or 
consenting to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. Any provision in the 
Franchise Agreement which would require you to waive your rights to any procedure, forum or 
remedies provided for by the laws of the State of Minnesota is deleted from any agreement relating 
to Franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota; provided, however, that this paragraph 
will not affect the obligation in the Franchise Agreement relating to arbitration. 
 
4. 
With respect to Franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minnesota Statute 
Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require, except in certain specified cases, that you be 
given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal 
of the Franchise Agreement; and that consent to the transfer of the Franchise will not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
 
5. 
Item 13 of the FDD is hereby amended to state that we will protect your rights under the Franchise 
Agreement to use the Marks, or indemnify you from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any 
third-party claim, suit or demand regarding your use of the Marks, if your use of the Marks is in 
compliance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and our System standards.   
 
6. 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a 
general release.  As a result, the FDD and the Franchise Agreement, which require you to sign a 
general release prior to renewing or transferring your Franchise, are hereby deleted from the 
Franchise Agreement, to the extent required by Minnesota law. 
 
7. 
The following language will appear as a new paragraph of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
No Abrogation.  Pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21, nothing in the dispute 
resolution section of this Agreement will in any way abrogate or reduce any of your rights 
as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80.C. 
 
