 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
25 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
in your Development Schedule.  The typical length of time between the signing of a Franchise Agreement 
and the opening of your first Boston’s Business under an Area Development Agreement is the same as for 
a single Boston’s Business.  Each additional Boston’s Business you develop must be opened according to 
the terms of your Development Schedule.  The site selection and approval process for each Boston’s 
Business under an Area Development Agreement is the same as that for a single Boston’s Business and 
will be governed by the Franchise Agreement signed for that location. 
Continuing Obligations 
 
During the operation of your Boston’s Business, we (or our designee) will provide the following 
assistance and services to you: 
1.  Inform you of mandatory standards, specifications and procedures for the operation of your 
Boston’s Business (See Franchise Agreement - Sections 9, 12, 13 and 14).   
2.  Upon reasonable request, provide advice regarding your Boston’s Business’s operation based 
on reports or inspections.  Advice will be given during our regular business hours and through written 
materials, electronic media, telephone or other methods, in our discretion (See Franchise Agreement - 
Section 9.2).  
3.  Provide additional training to you for newly-hired personnel on the Boston’s brand and System 
guidelines, refresher training courses and additional training or assistance that, in our discretion, you need 
or request.  You may be required to pay additional fees for this training or assistance (See Franchise 
Agreement - Section 8).  
4.  Allow you to continue to use confidential materials, including the Operations Manual and the 
Marks (See Franchise Agreement - Sections 9 and 17). 
Optional Assistance 
 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we (or our designee) may, but are not required to, 
provide the following assistance and services to you: 
1.  Modify, update or change the System, including the adoption and use of new or modified trade 
names, trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials, new products, new menu items, new equipment 
or new techniques. 
2.  Make periodic visits to the Boston’s Business for the purpose of assisting in all aspects of the 
operation and management of the Boston’s Business, prepare written reports concerning these visits 
outlining any suggested changes or improvements in the operation of the Boston’s Business, and detailing 
any problems in the operations which become evident as a result of any visit.  If provided at your request, 
you must reimburse our expenses and pay our then-current training charges.  
3.  Maintain and administer a Brand Fund.  We may dissolve the Brand Fund upon written notice 
(See Franchise Agreement - Section 11). 
4.  Advise you on your local marketing strategies and provide assistance with their implementation 
(See Franchise Agreement – Section 11).  
5.  Hold periodic national or regional conferences to discuss business and operational issues 
affecting Boston’s franchisees. 
