 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
29 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
We are not required to provide you with any ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, updates or 
support for the Computer System (Franchise Agreement - Section 14.1).  You must arrange for installation, 
maintenance and support of the Computer System at your cost.  There are no limitations in the Franchise 
Agreement regarding the costs of such required support, maintenance, repairs or upgrades relating to the 
Computer System. 
The cost of maintaining, updating, or upgrading the Computer System or its components will 
depend on your repair history, costs of computer maintenance services in your area, and technological 
advances.  We estimate the annual cost will be approximately $4,500, but this could vary (as discussed 
above).  We may revise our specifications for the Computer System periodically. 
You must pay our then-current technology business solutions fees to approved suppliers for certain 
business solutions that will support your business efficiencies, which may include phone systems, security 
systems, scheduling software, employee shift/task management software, music subscription, inventory 
solutions and any other solutions we may require from time to time in the Operations Manual for your 
Boston’s Business. We reserve the right to upgrade, modify and add new systems and software, which may 
result in additional initial and ongoing expenses that you will be responsible for.  You will be responsible 
for any increase in fees that result from any upgrades, digital ordering, modifications or additional systems 
or software and for any increase in fees from third-party providers. 
We (or our designee) have the right to independently access the electronic information and data 
relating to your Boston’s Business and to collect and use your electronic information and data in any 
manner, including to promote the System and the sale of Franchises.  This may include posting financial 
information of each franchisee on an intranet website.  There is no contractual limitation on our right to 
receive or use information through our proprietary data management and intranet system.  We may access 
the electronic information and data from your Computer System remotely, in your Boston’s Business or 
from other locations.  
Training 
 
Initial Training 
 
You or your Responsible Owner and any Franchise Manager (defined in Item 15) or representative 
that we require must complete the initial training to our reasonable satisfaction, as determined by the 
specific program instructors, before you open your Boston’s Business.  We provide initial training at no 
cost for up to seven people so long as everyone attends the initial training at the same time.  Initial training 
classes are held whenever necessary to train new franchisees.  You will not receive any compensation or 
reimbursement for services or expenses for participation in the initial training program.  You are responsible 
for all your expenses to attend any training program, including lodging, transportation, food and similar 
expenses.  We plan to provide the training listed in the table below. 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of  
On-The-
Job 
Training 
Location 
Week 1:  
Boston’s history/culture, program orientation, guest service, 
hiring/retention, sexual harassment, product knowledge, meet/greet 
corporate representatives, training review/expectations (cont.) 
20 
30 
Our offices and 
corporate 
training center 
