 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-37 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
24.2.15 
Cross Default. If we terminate any other agreement between you and us, or if any 
affiliate of ours terminates any agreement between you and the affiliate because of your default, except that 
termination of any area development agreement for failure to meet the development schedule shall not be 
grounds for termination.   
24.2.16 
Franchise Owners Agreement Default. If any Owner, or the spouse of any Owner, 
breaches a Franchise Owners Agreement. 
24.2.17 
Premises Issues. If: (i) you fail to secure a fully executed lease within the time 
period required; (ii) the Premises or your assets are seized, taken over or foreclosed by a government official 
in the exercise of its duties, or by a creditor or lienholder provided that a final judgment against you remains 
unsatisfied for 30 days (unless a supersedeas or other appeal bond has been filed); (iii) a levy of execution 
of attachment has been made upon the license granted by this Franchise Agreement or upon any property 
used in the Premises, and it is not discharged within five days of such levy or attachment; (iv) you permit 
a mechanics lien to be recorded against the Premises or any equipment at the Premises which is not released 
within 60 days, or if any person commences any action to foreclose on the Premises or said equipment; (v) 
a condemnation or transfer in lieu of condemnation has occurred; or (vi) you default under the lease for 
your Premises and you do not cure the default within the cure period set forth by the landlord or your lease 
is otherwise terminated due to your default. 
 Termination with Notice and Opportunity to Cure 
In addition to our Termination Rights, we may, in our sole discretion, terminate this Franchise 
Agreement upon 30 days’ written notice if you or an Owner fails to comply with any other provision of this 
Franchise Agreement (including failure to comply with any provision in the Operations Manual) or any 
other agreement with us, unless such default is cured, as determined by us in our sole discretion, within 
such 30-day notice period, each of which shall constitute an event of default under this Franchise 
Agreement.  If we deliver a notice of default to you pursuant to this Section, we may suspend performance 
of any of our obligations under this Franchise Agreement until you fully cure the breach. 
25. 
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES 
Upon termination of this Franchise Agreement: (i) by us due to your default of this Franchise 
Agreement; or (ii) following your purported termination without cause, you agree to pay to us, within 15 
days after the effective date of this Franchise Agreement’s termination, in addition to any other amounts 
owed under this Franchise Agreement, liquidated damages equal to the average monthly Royalties and 
Brand Fund Contributions you owed during the total months of operation preceding the effective date of 
termination multiplied by: (i) 36; or (ii) the number of months remaining in this Franchise Agreement had 
it not been terminated, whichever is less, but in no case will such damages be less than $30,000. 
You and we acknowledge and agree that it would be impracticable to determine precisely the damages 
we would incur from this Franchise Agreement’s termination and the loss of cash flow from Royalties and 
Brand Fund Contributions due to, among other things, the complications of determining what costs, if any, 
we might have saved and how much the Royalties and Brand Fund Contributions would have grown over 
what would have been this Franchise Agreement’s remaining Term.  You and we consider this liquidated 
damages provision to be a reasonable, good faith pre-estimate of those damages. 
The liquidated damages provision only covers our damages from the loss of cash flow from the 
Royalties and Brand Fund Contributions.  It does not cover any other damages, including damages to our 
reputation with the public and landlords and damages arising from a violation of any provision of this 
Franchise Agreement other than the Royalty payments and Brand Fund Contributions.  You agree that the 
