 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-8 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
we prescribe that explains the nature of the area development and/or franchise relationship and notifies 
the employee or independent contractor that you are his or her sole employer.  You must also post a 
conspicuous notice for employees and independent contractors in the back-of-the-house area explaining 
your area development and/or franchise relationship with us and that you (and not we) are the sole 
employer.  We may prescribe the form and content of this notice.  You agree that any direction you 
receive from us regarding employment/engagement policies should be considered as examples, that you 
alone are responsible for establishing and implementing your own policies, and that you understand that 
you should do so in consultation with local legal counsel competent in employment law. 
 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
You agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates, the respective officers, 
directors, managers, partners, shareholders, members, employees, agents and contractors of these entities 
(collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against all claims, actions, proceedings, 
damages, costs, expenses and other losses and liabilities, directly or indirectly incurred as a result of, 
arising from, out of, or in connection with your carrying out your obligations hereunder; your 
employment or other contractual relationship with your employees, workers, managers, or independent 
contractors, including but not limited to any allegation, claim, finding, or ruling that we are an employer 
or joint employer of your employees; your marketing, selling, or providing of items and services; and any 
breach of violation of any agreement (including this Area Development Agreement or any franchise  
agreement between you and us); or any law, regulation or ruling, by any act, error or omission (active or 
passive) of you, any party associated with you or your affiliate, and your respective officers and 
employees.  
You agree to reimburse us within 30 days of us submitting an invoice to you for all costs of defending 
the matter, including all attorney fees we incur, whether or not your insurer assumes defense of us 
promptly when requested.  We have the right to approve any resolution or course of action, including, but 
not limited to, the selection of an attorney for the defense of a matter that could directly or indirectly have 
any adverse effect on us or our Marks or System, or could serve as a precedent for other matters.   
14. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
14.1 This Area Development Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the 
parties hereto and their heirs, successors, permitted assigns and personal representatives.  If more than one 
person or Entity is listed as the area developer, each such person or Entity shall be jointly and severally 
liable for all rights, duties, restrictions and obligations under this Area Development Agreement. 
 
14.2 We have the right in our sole and absolute discretion to delegate to third party designees, 
whether these designees are our agents or independent contractors with whom we have contracted the 
performance of any portion or all of our obligations under this Area Development Agreement, and any 
right that we have under this Area Development Agreement.  If we do so, such third-party designees will 
be obligated to perform the delegated functions for you in compliance with this Area Development 
Agreement.   
 
14.3 The headings in this Area Development Agreement are for convenience only and do not define, 
limit or construe the contents of the sections or subsections.  All references to Sections refer to the 
Sections contained in this Area Development Agreement unless otherwise specified.  All references to 
days in this Area Development Agreement refer to calendar days unless otherwise specified.  The term 
“you” as used in this Area Development Agreement is applicable to one or more persons or an Entity, and 
