 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-45 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 Survival 
We and you agree that the provisions of this Section shall continue to apply following the termination, 
expiration, Transfer or non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement.  You agree to fully perform all obligations 
under this Franchise Agreement during the entire mediation, arbitration or litigation process.   
29. 
SECURITY INTEREST 
You grant to us a security interest (“Security Interest”) in all of the furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
signage and real estate (including your interests under all real property and personal property leases and all 
improvements to real estate) of the Franchised Business, together with all similar property now owned or 
hereafter acquired, including additions, substitutions, replacements, proceeds and products thereof, 
wherever located, used in connection with the Franchised Business.   
You are prohibited from granting a security interest in the Franchised Business or in any of your assets 
without our prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.  We may take a subordinate 
position in the security interest if a Small Business Administration-participating or third-party lender 
requires a first or senior lien, and the appropriate subordination documentation is executed by all parties. 
This security interest shall be security for any and all Royalties, damages, expenses or other sums owed to 
us hereunder and for any other amounts you owe to us.  You agree to execute any documents, including but 
not limited to, a UCC-1 (or replacements or extensions for the UCC-1) that we reasonably believe to be 
necessary to perfect said security interest prior to the opening of the Franchised Business, and hereby 
appoint us as its attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing such documents should you fail to do so. 
Except with respect to your sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, you shall not sell, transfer, 
lease, sublease, assign, remove, waste, destroy, encumber or relocate any of the property described herein 
as subject to our security interest. Further, you shall take no other action which interferes with our security 
interest in said property, unless and until we release our security interest in the same. 
30. 
YOUR REPRESENTATIONS 
You hereby represent that: (i) you are aware of the fact that other present or future franchisees of ours 
may operate under different forms of agreement and consequently that our obligations and rights with 
respect to our various franchisees may differ materially in certain circumstances; and (ii) you are aware of 
the fact that we may have negotiated terms or offered concessions to other franchisees and we have no 
obligation to offer you the same or similar negotiated terms or concessions. 
You acknowledge that we maintain a staff to manage and operate the Boston’s System and that staff 
members can change as employees come and go.  You acknowledge that you did not sign this Franchise 
Agreement in reliance on the continued participation by or employment of any of our shareholders, 
directors, officers, or employees.  We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this Franchise 
Agreement and any other agreement to a third party without restriction.  After our assignment of this 
Franchise Agreement to a third party who expressly assumes the obligations under this Franchise 
Agreement, we no longer will have any performance or other obligations under this Franchise Agreement. 
31. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Governing Law 
Except as governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051, et 
seq.), this Franchise Agreement and the franchise relationship shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
