 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-28 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 Use of Marks 
You agree to use the Marks as the sole identification of your Franchised Business; provided, however, 
you must identify yourself as the independent owner of your Franchised Business in the manner we 
prescribe.  You may not use any Marks in any modified form or as part of any corporate name or with any 
prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms, designs or symbols (other than logos licensed to you by this 
Franchise Agreement).  You agree to: (i) prominently display the Marks on or in connection with any media 
advertising, promotional materials, posters and displays, receipts, stationery and forms that we designate, 
and in the manner we prescribe to give notice of trade and service mark registrations and copyrights; and 
(ii) obtain any fictitious or assumed name registrations required under applicable law.  You may not use the 
Marks in signing any contract, lease, mortgage, check, purchase agreement, negotiable instrument, or other 
legal obligation or in any manner that is likely to confuse or result in liability to us for any indebtedness or 
obligation of yours.  You agree that any use of the Marks by you and your Franchised Business shall 
contribute and inure to our benefit.   
Upon our request, you agree to display in a conspicuous location in your Premises, a sign containing a 
notice stating that your Franchised Business is owned and operated independently by you.   
 Use of Confidential Information 
You acknowledge that you will use the Confidential Information only in operating the Franchised 
Business, and you will not disclose Confidential Information to others, except as expressly authorized by 
this Franchise Agreement.  You will take all actions to preserve the confidentiality of all Confidential 
Information, including safeguarding access to the Operations Manual.  You will not copy or permit copying 
of Confidential Information.  Your obligations under this Section begin when you sign this Franchise 
Agreement and continue for trade secrets as long as they remain secret, and, for other Confidential 
Information, for as long as we continue to use the information in confidence (even if edited or revised) plus 
an additional three years afterwards.  We will respond promptly and in good faith to any inquiries you have 
about continued protection of any Confidential Information.   
All data you collect, create, provide or otherwise develop (including, but not limited to, customer 
information and Customer Lists) is (and will be) owned exclusively by us, and we will have the right to use 
such data in any manner that we deem appropriate without compensation to you.  Copies and/or originals 
of such data must be provided to us upon our request.  We license use of such data back to you, at no 
additional cost, solely for the Term of this Franchise Agreement and solely for your use in connection with 
the Franchised Business.  You agree to provide us with the information we reasonably require regarding 
data and cybersecurity requirements.  You agree to indemnify us for any loss of data, including, but not 
limited to, customer information resulting from a breach of such data caused, in whole or in part, by you.    
The restrictions on the disclosure and use of the Confidential Information will not apply to disclosure of 
Confidential Information: (i) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or indirectly, or 
to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (ii) made in 
a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; or 
(iii) made in cases of suit for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law, disclosure 
of Confidential Information to an attorney, and for use of the Confidential Information in such court 
proceeding, so long as any document containing the Confidential Information is filed under seal and 
Confidential Information is not otherwise disclosed pursuant to a court order. 
We do not make any representation or warranty that your use of the System and Confidential Information 
will not infringe on the patent, copyright or other proprietary rights of third parties.  You agree that we will 
