 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-14 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
 
 
Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring that 
you sign a general release, estoppel or waiver as a condition of renewal and/or assignment may not be 
enforceable as they relate to releases of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
 
Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
resolution of disputes to be outside North Dakota may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the 
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.  
 
 
Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements relating to 
choice of law may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment 
Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.  
 
 
Any section of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
you to consent to liquidated damages and/or termination penalties may not be enforceable under Section 
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent 
required by law. 
 
Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
you to consent to a waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North 
Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
 
 
Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring 
you to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages may not be enforceable under Section 51-
19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required 
by law. 
 
 
Item 17(r) of the FDD and Section 18 of the Franchise Agreement disclose the existence of certain 
covenants restricting competition to which Franchisee must agree.  The Commissioner has held that 
covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code, without 
further disclosing that such covenants may be subject to this statue, are unfair, unjust, or inequitable within 
the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  The FDD and the Franchise 
Agreement are amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Financial Assurance 
 
 
Item 5 is amended to state that the initial franchise fee due to us before you open your Restaurant 
will be deferred until we satisfy all of our pre-opening obligations to you and you are open for business. 
 
OHIO 
 
 
The following language will be added to the front page of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
 
You, the purchaser, may cancel this transaction at any time prior to midnight of the fifth business 
