 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-3 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
shall imply that we are participating in an underwriting, issuance or offering of securities. We may require 
the offering materials to contain a written statement prescribed by us concerning the relationship between 
you and us. You, your Owners and the other participants in the offering must fully indemnify us, our 
affiliates, our and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, members, agents, 
representatives, independent contractors, servants and employees, past and present, in connection with the 
offering. For each proposed offering, you must reimburse us for our reasonable costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, legal and accounting fees and costs) associated with reviewing the offering 
materials.  
4. 
TERRITORIAL RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS 
We may grant you a non-exclusive, designated territory (“Franchise Territory”) consisting of a 
geographic area where we will not operate, or grant a franchise or license to a third party to operate, a 
Franchised Business that is physically located in your Franchise Territory, except as otherwise provided in 
this Section.  If we grant you a designated Franchise Territory, it will consist of the geographic area 
identified in Attachment A.  We, and our affiliates, have the right to operate, and to license others to operate, 
Franchised Businesses at any location outside the Franchise Territory, even if doing so will or might affect 
your operation of your Franchised Business. 
We retain all territorial rights not expressly granted to you.  This includes, but is not limited to, the right 
to (i) to own, franchise, or operate Franchised Businesses at any location outside of the Franchise Territory, 
regardless of the proximity to your Franchised Business; (ii) to use the Marks and the System to sell any 
products or services, similar to those which you will sell, through any alternate channels of distribution 
within or outside of the Franchise Territory, including, but not limited to, other channels of distribution 
such as television, mail order, catalog sales, wholesale to unrelated retail outlets, or over the Internet; (iii) 
to use and license the use of other proprietary and non-Marks or methods which are not the same as or 
confusingly similar to the Marks, at any location, including within the Franchise Territory, which may be 
similar to or different from your Franchised Business; (iv) to engage in any transaction (including 
purchases, mergers or conversions), involving the System or a new system, with any business, including 
businesses that directly or indirectly compete with your Franchised Business, regardless of their location, 
provided that any competing businesses located inside your Franchise Territory will not operate under the 
Marks; (v) to implement multi-area marketing programs which may allow us or others to solicit or sell to 
customers anywhere; (vi) to engage in any other business activities not expressly prohibited by this 
Franchise Agreement.  We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of our rights, including within 
your Franchise Territory.  We are not required to pay you compensation for soliciting or accepting orders 
inside your Franchise Territory, including orders accepted or solicited by other Boston’s Pizza franchisees, 
or for exercising any of our rights within or outside of your Franchise Territory. You agree that you may 
face competition from us, from other franchisees and from other channels of distribution or competitive 
brands that we control within the Franchise Territory.     
5. 
TERM AND RENEWAL 
 
Generally 
The term of this Franchise Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for 10 years 
(“Term”).  If this Franchise Agreement is the initial franchise agreement for your Franchised Business, you 
may enter into a maximum of two successor franchise agreements (a “Successor Franchise Agreement”), 
as long as you meet the conditions for renewal specified below.  The Successor Franchise Agreement shall 
be the current form of franchise agreement we use in granting Boston’s franchises as of the expiration of 
the Term.  The terms and conditions of the Successor Franchise Agreement may vary materially and 
