 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-27 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
examination of the person; or if the person refuses to submit to an examination, then (for the purpose of 
this Section) the person automatically will be considered disabled as of the date of refusal.  Your (or the 
deceased Owner’s) estate or legal representative must apply to us for the right to Transfer to the next of kin 
within 120 calendar days after your or your Owner’s death or disability.  We may appoint an Interim 
Manager and charge you the Management Fee in the event the Franchised Business is negatively impacted 
by such death or disability of an Owner. 
17. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
   Ownership and Use of Intellectual Property 
For purposes of this Franchise Agreement, “Intellectual Property” means the Marks, our copyrighted 
materials, “Confidential Information” (defined below), the System and “Improvements” (defined below). 
You acknowledge that: (i) we, or our affiliates, if applicable, are the sole and exclusive owner of the 
Boston’s Intellectual Property and the goodwill associated with the Marks; (ii) your right to use the 
Intellectual Property is derived solely from this Franchise Agreement; and (iii) your right to use the 
Intellectual Property is limited to a license granted by us to operate your Franchised Business during the 
Term pursuant to, and only in compliance with, this Franchise Agreement, the Operations Manual, and all 
applicable standards, specifications and operating procedures we prescribe from time to time.  You may not 
use any of the Intellectual Property in connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service, or 
in any other manner not expressly authorized by us.  Any unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property 
constitutes an infringement of our rights.  You agree to comply with all provisions of the Operations Manual 
governing your use of the Intellectual Property.  This Franchise Agreement does not confer to you any 
goodwill, title or interest in any of the Intellectual Property.  You agree that during the Term of this 
Franchise Agreement and after its termination, expiration or Transfer you will not, directly or indirectly, 
contest our interest in the Intellectual Property.   
For purposes of this Franchise Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all of our trade secrets 
and other proprietary information relating to the development, construction, marketing and/or operation of 
a Franchised Business, including, but not limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, 
policies, marketing strategies and information comprising the System, the Operations Manual, written 
directives and all drawings, equipment, computer and point of sale programs (and output from such 
programs), and any other information, know-how, techniques, material and data imparted or made available 
by us to you. 
For purposes of this Franchise Agreement, “Improvements” means any improvements or additions to 
the System, marketing, method of operation, or the products or services offered by a Franchised Business. 
 Changes to Intellectual Property 
We may modify the Intellectual Property at any time in our sole and absolute discretion, including by 
changing the Marks, the System, our copyrights or the Confidential Information.  If we modify or 
discontinue use of any of the Intellectual Property, then you must comply with any such instructions from 
us within 30 days, at your expense.  We will not be liable to you for any expenses, losses or damages you 
incur (including the loss of any goodwill associated with a Mark) because of any addition, modification, 
substitution or discontinuation of the Intellectual Property.    
