 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
37 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
We will disclose parts of the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets to you as we deem 
necessary or advisable for you to develop your Boston’s Business during training and in guidance and 
assistance furnished to you under the Franchise Agreement, and you may learn or obtain from us additional 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets during the term of the Franchise Agreement.  The Confidential 
Information and Trade Secrets are valuable assets of ours and are disclosed to you on the condition that 
you, and your owners if you are a business entity, and employees agree to maintain the information in 
confidence by entering into a confidentiality agreement we can enforce.  Nothing in the Franchise 
Agreement will be construed to prohibit you from using the Confidential Information or Trade Secrets in 
the operation of other Boston’s Businesses during the term of the Franchise Agreement. 
You must notify us within three business days after you learn about another’s use of language, a 
visual image or a recording of any kind that you perceive to be identical or substantially similar to one of 
our Copyrighted Works or use of our Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, or if someone challenges 
your use of our Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets.  We will take whatever 
action we deem appropriate, in our sole and absolute discretion, to protect our rights in and to the 
Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, which may include payment of reasonable 
costs associated with the action.  However, the Franchise Agreement does not require us to take affirmative 
action in response to any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, your use of any Copyrighted Works, 
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets or claim by any person of any rights in any Copyrighted Works, 
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets.  You must not directly or indirectly contest our rights to our 
Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets.  You may not communicate with anyone 
except us, our counsel or our designees regarding any infringement, challenge or claim.  We will take action 
as we deem appropriate regarding any infringement, challenge or claim, and the sole right to control, 
exclusively, any litigation or other proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim under 
any Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets.  You must sign any and all instruments 
and documents, give the assistance and do acts and things that may, in the opinion of our counsel, be 
necessary to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation or proceeding, or to protect and maintain 
our interests in the Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. 
No patents or patents pending are material to us at this time. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS  
We require that you either directly operate your Boston’s Business or designate a manager 
(“Franchise Manager”) who has been approved by us.  The “Responsible Owner” is an individual who will 
be principally responsible for communicating with us about the Boston’s Business.  The Responsible Owner 
must have the authority and responsibility for the day-to-day operations of your Boston’s Business.  If you 
are an individual, you are the Responsible Owner.  If you are a legal entity, you must appoint an individual 
that has at least a 25% equity interest in the legal entity to be the Responsible Owner.  Your Responsible 
Owner and your Franchise Manager, if any, must successfully complete our training program (See Item 
11).  We do not require that the Franchise Manager have an ownership interest in the legal entity of the 
Franchise owner.  If you replace your Responsible Owner or Franchise Manager, the new Responsible 
Owner or Franchise Manager must satisfactorily complete our training program at your own expense. 
If you are a legal entity, each direct and indirect owner (i.e., each person holding a direct and 
indirect ownership interest in you) must sign a Franchise Owners Agreement guaranteeing the performance 
of the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement, the form of which is attached to the Franchise Agreement 
as Attachment C.  We also require that the spouses of the Franchise owners sign and abide by the terms of 
the Franchise Owners Agreement.  Any Franchise Manager and officer of your legal entity must sign the 
