 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
24 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
If we disapprove of the proposed site, you must select another site, subject to our consent.  You must 
purchase or lease the site for your Boston’s Business within 180 days after signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  If you do not locate a site that is acceptable to us within 180 days of signing the Franchise 
Agreement, or find acceptable sites and open the Boston’s Business by the deadlines in your Area 
Development Agreement, we may terminate the agreements.  We generally do not own the premises for the 
Boston’s Business and lease it to you. 
4. Review your lease agreement for the premises of your Boston’s Business to ensure that its 
terms contain our required provisions and otherwise meet our minimum standards (See Franchise 
Agreement - Section 7.3).  We strongly recommend that you also have an attorney review the lease to 
ensure that it includes specific clauses that protect your interests and contain our requirements. 
5. Once you have an approved premises for your Boston’s Business, we will designate your 
“Franchise Territory” (see Item 12 below).  If you sign an Area Development Agreement, we will designate 
the Development Territory before you sign the Area Development Agreement. 
6.  We will provide a copy of our basic specifications for the design and layout for the premises 
of the Boston’s Business.  You are responsible for the costs of preparing architectural, engineering and 
construction drawings and site plans, which you must submit to us for our review and approval before you 
begin construction of the premises for your Boston’s Business.  You are responsible for the costs of 
construction and remodeling.  We may not assist you in conforming the premises to local ordinance and 
building codes nor do we assist you in obtaining any required permits.  We may not assist you in remodeling 
or decorating your Boston’s Business.  You must hire our designated architect, or an architect approved by 
us in order for any modifications to these plans to comply with all local ordinances, building codes, permits 
requirements, and lease requirements and restrictions applicable to the Premises.  We do not assist you in 
remodeling or decorating your premises.  We do not deliver or assist with the installation of any fixtures, 
furnishings, equipment, signs or other supplies.  You will be responsible for completing these services to 
our satisfaction and ensuring that they comply with our system standards.  We will provide you with a list 
of our designated and approved suppliers in our Operations Manual.  You must purchase at your own cost, 
install, maintain in sufficient supply, and use only fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs, and supplies that 
confirm to the standards and specifications describes in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing.  
(Franchise Agreement - Section 7.4). 
7. Provide you with customized marketing plan options in connection with the pre-opening 
marketing for your Boston’s Business (See Franchise Agreement - Section 12.5). 
We do not provide the above services to renewal franchisees and may not provide all of the above 
services to franchisees that purchase existing Boston’s Businesses. 
Schedule for Opening 
The typical length of time between signing the Franchise Agreement or the payment of any fees 
and the opening of your Boston’s Business can vary from nine to 15 months.  Some factors which may 
affect this timing are your ability to acquire a location through lease or purchase negotiations; your ability 
to secure any necessary financing; your ability to comply with local zoning and other ordinances; your 
ability to obtain any necessary permits and certifications; the timing of the delivery of equipment, tools and 
inventory; and the time to convert, renovate or build out the premises for your Boston’s Business. 
You must open your Boston’s Business to the public within 15 months after signing the Franchise 
Agreement. 
If you are an Area Developer, you must sign the franchise agreements within the time period noted 
