 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-15 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 Assumption of Management 
10.4.1 
Interim Manager. In order to prevent any interruption of operations which would 
cause harm to or depreciate the value of the Franchised Business, we have the right, but not the obligation, 
to step-in and designate an individual or individuals of our choosing (“Interim Manager”) for so long as we 
deem necessary and practical to temporarily manage your Franchised Business (“Step-In Rights”): (i) if 
you violate any System standard or provision of this Franchise Agreement and do not cure the failure within 
the specified time period; (ii) if we determine in our sole judgment that the operation of your Franchised 
Business is in jeopardy; (iii) if we determine in our sole discretion that operational problems require that 
we operate your Franchised Business; (iv) if you abandon or fail to actively operate your Franchised 
Business; (v) upon your Responsible Owner or your Franchise Manager’s absence, termination, illness, 
death, incapacity or disability, and you are unable to find an adequate replacement within thirty (30) days; 
(vi) if we deem your Responsible Owner or your Franchise Manager incapable of operating your Franchised 
Business; or (vii) upon a “Crisis Management Event.” 
A “Crisis Management Event” means any event or series of events that occurs at the Franchised 
Business that has or may cause harm or injury to customers or employees, or any other circumstance which 
may damage the System, Marks or image or reputation of the Franchised Business or us or our affiliates.  
We may establish emergency procedures which may require you to temporarily close the Franchised 
Business to the public, in which case you agree that we will not be held liable to you for any losses or costs.  
You agree to notify us immediately by telephone and email upon the occurrence of a Crisis Management 
Event.   
10.4.2 
Step-In Rights. If we exercise the Step-In Rights: (i) you agree to pay us, in 
addition to all other amounts due under this Franchise Agreement, our then-current “Management Fee” 
(currently equal to $500 per day per Interim Manager that manages your Franchised Business), plus the 
Interim Manager’s direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses; (ii) all monies from the operation of your 
Franchised Business during such period of operation shall be kept in a separate account, and the expenses 
of the Franchised Business, including compensation and direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses for the 
Interim Manager, shall be charged to said account; (iii) you acknowledge and agree that the Interim 
Manager will have a duty to utilize only reasonable efforts, and will not be liable to you or your Owners 
for any debts, losses, or obligations your Franchised Business incurs, or to any of your creditors for any 
supplies, products, or other assets or services your Franchised Business purchases, while Interim Manager 
manages it; (iv) the Interim Manager will have no liability to you except to the extent directly caused by its 
gross negligence or willful misconduct. We will have no liability to you for the activities of an Interim 
Manager unless we are grossly negligent in appointing the Interim Manager, and you will indemnify and 
hold us harmless for and against any of the Interim Manager’s acts or omissions in operating the Franchised 
Business; and (v) you agree to pay all of our reasonable attorney fees, accountant’s fees, and other 
professional fees and costs incurred as a consequence of our exercise of the Step-In Rights. 
Nothing contained herein shall prevent us from exercising any other right which we may have 
under this Franchise Agreement, including, without limitation, termination.   
11. 
BRAND FUND  
The Brand Fund is used to promote public awareness of our brand and to improve our System.  You are 
required to pay the Brand Fund Contribution.  The Brand Fund may be administered by us or our affiliate 
or designees, at our discretion. We may use the Brand Fund for any expenditure that we, in our sole 
discretion, deem necessary or appropriate to promote or improve the System or the Boston’s brand.   
