 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
18 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment is to 
be Made 
Low 
High 
TOTAL ESTIMATED 
INITIAL 
INVESTMENT FOR 
UP TO TWO 
BOSTON’S 
BUSINESSES(2)(3) 
$2,061,000 
$6,612,750 
 
 
Notes: 
 
These estimated initial expenses are our best estimate of the costs you may incur in establishing and 
operating your Boston’s Businesses under an Area Development Agreement.  We do not offer direct or 
indirect financing for these items.  All expenses payable to the parties are non-refundable, except as you 
may otherwise arrange. 
 
1. 
Development Fee.  The Development Fee is equal to $50,000 multiplied by the number of Restaurants 
to be developed.  The low estimate represents entering into an Area Development Agreement for two 
Boston’s Businesses.  The Development Fee is payable when you sign your Area Development 
Agreement, fully earned immediately upon receipt and is non-refundable, even if you do not open 
any Boston’s Businesses.  Area Developers must commit to open a minimum of two Boston’s 
Businesses.  
 
2. 
Initial Investment for First Boston’s Business.  These are the estimates to start your Boston’s Business 
as described in the single franchised Boston’s Business chart above, except for the Initial Franchise Fee 
which is replaced by the Development Fee.  Costs associated with starting additional Boston’s 
Businesses are subject to factors that we cannot estimate or control, such as inflation, increased labor 
costs or increased materials costs and will depend on when the additional Boston’s Businesses are 
opened.   
 
3. 
The On-Site Opening Assistance Fee is required for your first two Boston’s Businesses and may be 
required for your third and subsequent Restaurant openings.  The high estimate assumes you have 
requested or we have determined that on-site opening assistance is necessary.  
 
4. 
If you purchase multiple franchised businesses under the Area Development Agreement, you will incur 
all of the costs listed above for each Boston’s Business you open except that you will pay a 
Development Fee, not Initial Franchise Fees.  This is only an estimate of your initial investment and is 
based on our estimate of domestic costs and market conditions prevailing as of the Issuance Date of this 
Franchise Disclosure Document.  Review these figures carefully with a business advisor and/or legal 
counsel before deciding to purchase an Area Development Franchise.  The availability and terms of 
financing depend on several factors, including the availability of financing, your creditworthiness, 
collateral you may have, and lending policies of financial institutions.  You should review these figures 
with a business advisor, financial consultant or other professional before deciding to purchase an Area 
Development Franchise. 
 
