 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-29 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
other agreements between BPR and Franchisee or the User. Franchisee irrevocably consents to such 
monitoring and collection of information. BPR may delete, remove or block access to any such information 
at any time without notice. 
7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
Franchisee acknowledges that BPR and its Affiliates are the owners of all proprietary rights in and 
to the materials and information revealed in or through the BostonLink including trade secrets, techniques, 
procedures, methods, menus, format and the BPR Manuals (collectively, the “Confidential Information”). 
Franchisee acknowledges that the Confidential Information is highly confidential. The Confidential 
Information is revealed in strictest confidence and Franchisee covenants to keep and respect the confidence 
so reposed. Franchisee shall not use, and shall not permit any of the Users to use, the Confidential 
Information for any purpose inconsistent with the Franchise Agreement, or reveal the Confidential 
Information to any person, firm, corporation or entity whatsoever, unless such information becomes public 
knowledge through no fault of Franchisee. Subject to the following sentence, Franchisee shall not copy or 
reproduce or permit to be copied or reproduced, any of the Confidential Information. Franchisee may 
download information from the BostonLink if specifically authorized to do so on the website (the 
“Downloaded Information”). Franchisee also acknowledges that various information shall be automatically 
downloaded and stored by Franchisee’s computer upon accessing the BostonLink (the “Automatic 
Downloads”). The Downloaded Information and the Automatic Downloads are Confidential Information 
and Franchisee shall protect that information and all such electronic information in the same manner as set 
out above. Franchisee acknowledges that: 
(a)the Confidential Information is also protected by the Franchise Agreement. If there is 
any conflict between this Agreement and the Franchise Agreement with regard to Confidential 
Information, then the Franchise Agreement shall prevail, and 
(b)theft or misappropriation of trade secrets is subject to serious criminal sanctions and 
civil liability under applicable law, that the Confidential Information constitutes trade secrets, and 
that the theft or misappropriation of any information from the BostonLink shall be prosecuted to 
the full extent of the law. 
8. RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY 
The BPR Link and the information contained thereat are provided “As Is” without warranty of any 
kind (expressed or implied) including, but not limited to, any warranty of merchantability, title, non-
infringement, durability or fitness for a particular purpose. The material contained in the BostonLink may 
not be correct, accurate or reliable and may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. BPR 
does not warrant that the functions contained in the material on the BostonLink shall be uninterrupted or 
error free, that defects shall be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of 
viruses or other harmful components. In no event shall BPR or any of its Affiliates or their officers, 
directors, shareholders, employees or representatives be liable to Franchisee, the Users or any third parties 
for any loss or injuries to earnings, profits, goodwill, data or otherwise, or for any incidental, special, 
punitive or consequential damages, or for any other damages of any sort whether arising in contract tort or 
otherwise, caused by or arising in connection with the BostonLink, including but not limited to loss 
associated with: 
(a) any service interruption; 
(b) any hardware or software malfunction; 
(c) any display or misdisplay of any content provided by Franchisee or the Users; 
(d) the provision of any inaccurate or incorrect information; or 
(e) any failure of performance, error, omission, delay in operation of transmission, 
computer virus, or line failure. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to the extent that 
