 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-11 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
of the initial training program in our discretion and may delay your attendance until a suitable time near the 
grand opening date for your Franchised Business in our discretion. 
 
On-Site Opening Assistance and Training 
If this Agreement is for your first or second Franchised Business, we will provide you with trainers for 
up to three weeks of on-site training before and during the opening of your Franchised Business. You must 
pay us our then-current on-site opening assistance fee (“On-Site Opening Assistance Fee”) as described in 
the Operations Manual (currently, $15,000).  If you request or we require that we provide additional training 
beyond the three-week period, we may charge you, at our discretion, our then-current fee for additional 
training and our then-current per diem per trainer as set forth in the Operations Manual, as well as any 
travel-related expenses we incur.  The On-Site Opening Assistance Fee is due upon invoice, approximately 
24 weeks before the opening date of your Franchised Business.  If this Agreement is for your third or 
subsequent Franchised Business, and you request or if we determine that on-site opening assistance is 
necessary, we will provide assistance based on availability of our or our affiliates’ personnel, and you must 
pay us the On-Site Opening Assistance Fee. You must pay all costs and expenses for you and any attendees. 
 
Additional Training 
We may offer periodic refresher training courses or develop additional training courses.  Attendance at 
these training programs may be optional or mandatory.  You may be required to pay the then-current fee 
for this training as specified in our Operations Manual.   
 
Requested Training 
 
Upon your written request, we may provide additional assistance or training to you at a mutually 
convenient time.  You may be required to pay the then-current fee for this training as specified in our 
Operations Manual.  If you request training assistance for any product or program rollout or if we deem 
such assistance is necessary, we may provide training assistance for the rollout, at our option.  We will 
charge you our then-current program rollout fee for every visit we make to your Franchised Business plus 
all reasonable costs and related expenses we incur in connection with each program rollout. 
 
Initial Training for New Owners/Franchise Managers 
 
If you hire a new Franchise Manager or appoint a new Responsible Owner, the new Franchise Manager 
or Responsible Owner, as applicable, must attend and successfully complete our then-current initial training 
program.  You must pay our then-current fees and expenses for this training as specified in our Operations 
Manual. 
 
Remedial Training 
If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you are not operating your Franchised Business in 
compliance with this Franchise Agreement and/or the Operations Manual, we may require that you, your 
employees and other designees attend remedial training relevant to your operational deficiencies.  You must 
pay us the then-current training fee as specified in our Operations Manual.   
