 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-31 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
render any other part unenforceable.  You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the terms of this Franchise 
Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; (ii) our use and enforcement of 
covenants similar to those described above with respect to other Boston’s franchisees benefits you and the 
Owners because it prevents others from unfairly competing with your Franchised Business; and (iii) you 
and the Owners have sufficient resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate 
living while complying with the terms of this Franchise Agreement.  You hereby waive any right to 
challenge the terms of the Brand Covenants as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise 
unenforceable.   
We have the right, in our sole discretion, to unilaterally reduce the scope of all or part of any Brand 
Covenant without your consent (before or after any dispute arises), effective when we give you written 
notice of this reduction and you agree to comply with any modifications to the Brand Covenants. 
 Breach of Covenants 
You agree that failure to comply with the terms of Brand Covenants will cause substantial and 
irreparable damage to us and/or other Boston’s franchisees for which there is no adequate remedy at law.  
Therefore, you agree that any violation of the terms of this Section 18 will entitle us to injunctive relief.  
We may apply for such injunctive relief without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and 
other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of yours, in the event of the entry of 
such injunction will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, upon hearing duly held (all claims 
for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a court requires the filing of a bond, the parties agree that the amount of 
the bond shall not exceed $1,000.  None of the remedies available to us, at law or in equity, under this 
Franchise Agreement are mutually exclusive, and may be combined with others, including injunctive relief, 
specific performance, and recovery of monetary damages.  Any claim, defense or cause of action you or an 
Owner may have against us, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense against our 
enforcement of the Brand Covenants. 
19. 
 INSURANCE 
Before your Franchised Business first opens for business, you will obtain the types and amounts of 
insurance specified in our Operations Manual.  You will maintain all required insurance in force during the 
Term of this Franchise Agreement, and you will obtain and maintain any additional or substituted insurance 
coverage, limits or amounts as we may periodically require or which may be required under your lease.  
Your compliance with these insurance provisions does not relieve you of any liability under any indemnity 
provisions of this Franchise Agreement. 
Our insurance requirements are subject to change during the Term of this Franchise Agreement, and 
you agree to comply with each such change.  You agree to provide us a copy of your Certificate of Insurance 
or other proof of coverage before opening, within ten days of any renewal of a policy, and at any other time 
on demand.  You agree to obtain these insurance policies from insurance carriers rated “A-VIII” or better 
by A.M. Best & Company, Inc. and that are licensed and admitted in the state in which you operate your 
Franchised Business and otherwise acceptable to us.  All insurance policies (except for employment liability 
insurance policies) must be endorsed to: (i) name us, any affiliate we require, and our members, officers, 
directors and employees as additional insureds (“Additional Insureds”); (ii) contain a waiver by the 
insurance carrier of all subrogation rights against us; and (iii) provide that we receive 30-days’ prior written 
notice of the termination, expiration, cancellation or modification of the policy.  If any of your policies fail 
to meet these criteria, then we may disapprove the policy and you must immediately find additional 
coverage with an alternative carrier satisfactory to us.  Upon ten days’ notice to you, we may increase the 
