 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-7 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Prohibited Activities during any period of time during which you are prohibited from engaging in the 
Prohibited Activities; or (ii) uses or discloses the Know-how.  However, you may rebut this presumption 
by furnishing evidence conclusively showing that you did not disclose the Know-how to the family 
member. 
 
7. Covenants Reasonable.  You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the terms of this SP Agreement 
are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient resources and 
business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the terms of this SP 
Agreement.  YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE THE TERMS OF THIS SP AGREEMENT AS 
BEING OVERLY BROAD, UNREASONABLE, OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE.  
 
8. Breach.  You agree that failure to comply with the terms of this SP Agreement will cause 
substantial and irreparable damage to us and/or other Boston’s franchisees for which there is no adequate 
remedy at law.  Therefore, you agree that any violation of the terms of this SP Agreement will entitle us to 
injunctive relief.  You agree that we may apply for such injunctive relief without bond, but upon due notice, 
in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of 
yours in the event of the entry of such injunction will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, 
upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction 
being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the parties agree that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000.  None of the remedies 
available to us under this SP Agreement are exclusive of any other, but may be combined with others under 
this SP Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance, and recovery 
of monetary damages.  Any claim, defense, or cause of action that you may have against us, our owners or 
our affiliates, or against Franchisee, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense against our 
enforcement of this SP Agreement.  
 
9. Miscellaneous. 
 
a.  If we pursue legal remedies against you because you have breached this SP Agreement 
and prevail against you, you agree to pay our reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs in doing so. 
b.  This SP Agreement will be governed by, construed, and enforced under the laws of 
Texas, and the courts in that state shall have jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of this SP 
Agreement.  
c.  Each section of this SP Agreement, including each subsection and portion thereof, is 
severable.  If any section, subsection, or portion of this SP Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not affect 
the enforceability of any other section, subsection, or portion; and each party to this SP Agreement agrees 
that the court may impose such limitations on the terms of this SP Agreement as it deems in its discretion 
necessary to make such terms reasonable in scope, duration, and geographic area.  
 
d.  You and we both believe that the covenants in this SP Agreement are reasonable in 
terms of scope, duration, and geographic area.  However, we may at any time unilaterally modify the terms 
of this SP Agreement upon written notice to you by limiting the scope of the Prohibited Activities, 
narrowing the definition of a Competitive Business, shortening the duration of the Restricted Period, 
reducing the geographic scope of the Restricted Territory, and/or reducing the scope of any other covenant 
imposed upon you under this SP Agreement to ensure that the terms and covenants in this SP Agreement 
are enforceable under applicable law.  
 
(Signature on following page) 
 
 
EXECUTED on the date stated below. 
