 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
2 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Except as described above, neither us, nor our parents, predecessors or affiliates have offered 
franchises in any line of business or have operated Boston’s The Gourmet Pizza Restaurant & Sports Bar® 
restaurants. 
 
Our agent for service of process in Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust 
Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801.  Our agents for service of process for other 
states are identified by state in Exhibit A.  If a state is not listed, we have not appointed an agent for service 
of process in that state in connection with the requirements of franchise laws.  There may be states in 
addition to those listed above in which we have appointed an agent for service of process.  There may also 
be additional agents appointed in some of the states listed. 
The Franchise 
Boston’s Restaurants franchisees operate restaurants that serve hot pizza and pasta dishes, and a 
wide variety of entrees, appetizers, salads, sides and desserts.  Boston’s Restaurants specialize in serving 
customers in a full-service casual dining restaurant, combined with a sports bar featuring large flat screen 
TV’s, drinks and food.  The concept focuses on the casual dining sector of the market, catering to families, 
young adults, single older adults and groups.  Boston’s Restaurants feature a contemporary warm and lively 
decor package featuring earth colors and signage, flexible seating areas and a sports theme bar area and 
restaurant seating area.  The bar area offers a choice of stand up, counter, table and booth seating with an 
area dedicated to entertainment games like pool or darts.  The Restaurants also have an outdoor patio area 
that offers additional seating.  Our operating system includes recognizable design, décor color scheme, 
recipes, uniform standards, specifications, rules and procedures of operation, techniques, philosophies, 
quality and uniformity of products and services offered and procedures for inventory and management 
control (“System”).  We grant franchises to operate Boston’s Businesses using the System and our trade 
names, trademarks, service marks, emblems, logos, slogans and copyrights (“Marks”) as authorized by us 
from an approved location. 
You must sign our standard franchise agreement attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document 
as Exhibit C (“Franchise Agreement”).  You may operate one Boston’s Business for each Franchise 
Agreement you sign. 
We also offer to select qualified persons (“Area Developers”) the opportunity to sign our area 
development agreement (“Area Development Agreement”) and acquire the right to develop Boston’s 
Businesses in a designated development area (“Development Territory”) in accordance with a specified 
development schedule (“Development Schedule”).  The Development Territory will be established based 
on the consumer demographics of the Development Territory, geographical area, city, county and other 
boundaries.  If you enter into an Area Development Agreement, you must sign a Franchise Agreement for 
your first Boston’s Business once we have agreed on a site for your first Boston’s Business and within the 
time period specified in your Development Schedule.  You will be required to sign our then-current form 
of Boston’s Franchise Agreement, which may differ from the current Franchise Agreement included with 
this Franchise Disclosure Document for each Boston’s Business that you develop under the Area 
Development Agreement.  Unless otherwise stated, any reference in this Franchise Disclosure Document 
to “you” or “franchisee” includes you both as an Area Developer under an Area Development Agreement 
and as a franchisee under a Franchise Agreement. Area Developers must commit to opening a minimum of 
two Boston’s Business.  
Market and Competition 
The primary market for the products and services offered by the Boston’s Business is the general 
public.  The products and services offered by Boston’s Businesses are not seasonal.  The restaurant market, 
