 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
36 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
other disposition of the Boston’s Business, or any interest in the Boston’s Business.  All rights and goodwill 
from the use of the Marks accrue to us. 
We will defend you against any claim brought against you by a third party that your use of the 
Marks, in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, infringes upon that party’s intellectual property rights. 
We may require your assistance, but we will exclusively control any proceeding or litigation relating to our 
Marks.  We have no obligation to pursue any infringing users of our Marks.  If we learn of an infringing 
user, we will take the action appropriate, but we are not required to take any action if we do not feel it is 
warranted.  You must notify us within three business days if you learn that any party is using the Marks or 
a trademark that is confusingly similar to the Marks.  We have the sole discretion to take such action as we 
deem appropriate to exclusively control any litigation or administrative proceeding involving a trademark 
licensed by us to you. 
If it becomes advisable at any time, in our sole discretion, for us and/or you to modify or discontinue 
using any Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute trademarks or service marks, you must 
comply with our directions within 30 days after receiving notice.  We will not reimburse you for your direct 
expenses of changing signage, for any loss of revenue or other indirect expenses due to any modified or 
discontinued Mark, or for your expenses of promoting a modified or substituted trademark or service mark. 
You must not directly or indirectly contest our right to the Marks.  We may acquire, develop and 
use additional marks not listed here, and may make those marks available for your use and for use by other 
franchisees. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
The information in the Operations Manual is proprietary and is protected by copyright and other 
laws.  The designs contained in the Marks, the layout of our advertising materials, the ingredients and 
formula of our products and recipes, and any other writings and recordings in print or electronic form are 
also protected by copyright and other laws.  Although we have not applied for copyright registration for the 
Operations Manual, our advertising materials, the content and format of our products or any other writings 
and recordings, we claim common law and federal copyrights in these items.  We grant you the right to use 
this proprietary and copyrighted information (“Copyrighted Works”) for the operation of your Boston’s 
Business, but such copyrights remain our sole property. 
There are no effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office or any court regarding 
any Copyrighted Works of ours, nor are there any proceedings pending, nor are there any effective 
agreements between us and third parties pertaining to the Copyrighted Works that will or may significantly 
limit using our Copyrighted Works.  
Our Operations Manual, electronic information and communications, sales and promotional 
materials, the development and use of our System, standards, specifications, policies, procedures, 
information, concepts and systems on, knowledge of, and experience in the development, operation and 
franchising of Boston’s Businesses, our training materials and techniques, information concerning product 
and service sales, operating results, financial performance and other financial data of Boston’s Businesses 
and other related materials are proprietary and confidential (“Confidential Information”) and are our 
property to be used by you only as described in the Franchise Agreement and the Operations Manual.  
Where appropriate, certain information has also been identified as trade secrets (“Trade Secrets”).  You 
must maintain the confidentiality of our Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and adopt reasonable 
procedures to prevent unauthorized disclosure of our Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. 
