 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
28 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Pre-Opening Marketing 
Approximately 24 weeks before the opening date of your Restaurant, we will present you with a 
customized marketing plan specific to your Restaurant’s trade area that will outline materials needed to 
operate your Restaurant and a paid media strategy to announce your opening to the community.  We will 
work with you on the plan.  The plan will cost $20,000 and is designed to advertise and promote the opening 
of your Restaurant.  You must select a media plan option and pay us the cost of such option within 14 days 
of receipt of the presentation. We must approve all advertising, methods, and media you use in connection 
with your Restaurant and the Marks.  Any portion of the Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance amount that is 
unused as of the opening date of your Restaurant will be used for marketing your Restaurant in your territory 
after opening.  You will be required to submit written requests to us to pay the advertising vendor directly 
until the unused funds are spent.  There is no deadline for you to use the remainder and any balance will 
continue to roll over until exhausted.  You will be responsible for any costs that exceed the remainder of 
your Pre-Opening Marketing Assistance.  Any marketing or advertising beyond your Pre-Opening 
Marketing Assistance plan and payment is subject to your Brand Fund Contribution and Local Advertising 
Requirement obligations, as applicable. 
 
System Website 
We have established a website for Boston’s Businesses (“System Website”).  We intend that any 
franchisee website will be accessed only through our System Website.  We have the right to use the Brand 
Fund’s assets to develop, maintain and update the System Website.  We may update and modify the System 
Website from time to time.  You must promptly notify us whenever any information on your listing changes 
or is not accurate.  We have final approval rights of all information on the System Website.  We may 
modify, update or add to the System Website at any time. 
We are only required to reference your Boston’s Business on the System Website while you are in 
full compliance with your Franchise Agreement and all System standards. 
Advisory Council 
We currently do not have, but may form, an advisory council (“Council”) to advise us on 
advertising policies.  The Council would be governed by bylaws.  Members of the Council would consist 
of both franchisees and corporate representatives.  Members of the Council would be selected by way of a 
voting method specified in the Council’s bylaws.  The Council would serve in an advisory capacity only.  
We will have the power to form, change or dissolve the Council, in our sole discretion. 
Computer System 
 
You are required to purchase a computer system (“Computer System”) that consists of the 
following hardware and software: (a) Multiple POS terminals, printers, computer workstations, digital 
devices and a kitchen video system and all related connectivity devices; and (b) our POS system, Posi-
Touch.  We estimate the cost of purchasing the Computer System will be between $35,000 to $52,500.  The 
Computer System will manage the daily workflow of the Boston’s Business, coordinate the customer 
ordering experience, track inventory, labor and other information.  You must record all Gross Sales on the 
Computer System.  You must store all data and information in the Computer System that we designate, and 
report data and information in the manner we specify.  The Computer System will generate reports on the 
Gross Sales of your Boston’s Business.  You must also maintain a high-speed Internet connection at the 
premises of the Boston’s Business.  In addition to offering and accepting Boston’s gift cards and loyalty 
cards, you must accept all credit cards and debit cards that we determine. 
 
