 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-7 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 
Royalty 
You agree to pay us a royalty fee (“Royalty”) equal to 5% of Gross Sales during the previous week.  The 
Royalty is due on or before Thursday of each week (or such other date as we designate in the Operations 
Manual or otherwise in writing). 
 
Brand Fund Contribution 
You must pay a “Brand Fund Contribution” in the amount we specify in our Operations Manual, 
currently 3% of Gross Sales during the previous week.  The Brand Fund Contribution will be used for the 
Boston’s brand fund (“Brand Fund”) to promote awareness of our brand and to improve our System.  The 
Brand Fund Contribution is due at the same time as your Royalty payment. 
 Technology Fee 
You must pay us our then-current technology fee (“Technology Fee”) throughout the Term of this 
Franchise Agreement beginning in the month you open your Franchised Business. The Technology Fee is 
an annual fee for the use of certain technologies used in the Franchised Business.  We can change the 
software and technology that must be used by Franchised Business at any time we deem appropriate in our 
sole discretion, which may result in changes to the Technology Fee.  You will be responsible for any 
increase in fees that result from any upgrades, modification, or additional software by us or by third-party 
vendors.  We may modify the Technology Fee upon written notice to you. 
You must also pay our then-current technology business solutions fees to approved suppliers for certain 
business solutions that will support your business efficiencies.  These may include phone systems, security 
systems, scheduling software, digital ordering, employee shift/task management software, inventory 
solution and any other solutions we may require in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing for your 
Franchised Business.  We reserve the right to upgrade, modify and add new systems, which may result in 
additional initial and ongoing expenses that you will be responsible for.  You will be responsible for any 
increase in fees that result from any upgrades, modifications or additional systems and for any increase in 
fees from third-party providers.  We may include these third-party fees in the Technology Fee and pay 
suppliers directly on our behalf. 
 Other Fees and Payments 
You agree to pay all other fees, expense reimbursements, and all other amounts specified in this 
Franchise Agreement in a timely manner.  You also agree to promptly pay us an amount equal to all taxes 
levied or assessed against us based upon products or services you sell or based upon products or services 
we furnish to you (other than income taxes we pay based on amounts).   
If a state or local law prohibits or restricts your ability to pay us Royalty and Brand Fund Contributions 
on alcoholic beverages, when you pay your Royalty, you will also pay us the difference between those fees 
you paid us and the fees that would have otherwise been paid (i.e., the dollar amount of the Royalty and 
Brand Fund Contributions that would have been charged on the difference between excluded sales and the 
Royalty and Brand Fund Contributions you actually paid us).   
 CPI Adjustments to Fixed Fees 
All fees expressed as a fixed dollar amount in this Franchise Agreement are subject to adjustment based 
on changes to the Consumer Price Index in the United States. We may periodically review and increase 
