 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-40 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
us and accordingly are not included within the definition of “Acquired Assets” and must be returned to us 
without charge upon expiration or termination. You may not sell the information or lists to a third party. 
We will be entitled to have the provisions in this Section enforced by a court of competent jurisdiction 
should you fail to meet your obligations. We will have the unrestricted right to assign this option to purchase 
the Acquired Assets. We or our assignee will be entitled to all customary representations and warranties, 
including that the Acquired Assets are free and clear (or, if not, accurate and complete disclosure) as to: (1) 
ownership, condition and title; (2) liens and encumbrances; (3) environmental and hazardous substances; 
and (4) validity of contracts and liabilities inuring to us or affecting the Acquired Assets, whether contingent 
or otherwise. 
 Purchase Price 
 
The purchase price for the Acquired Assets (“Purchase Price”) will be their fair market value (or, for 
leased assets, the fair market value of the lease), determined as of the Specified Date in a manner that 
accounts for reasonable depreciation and condition of the Acquired Assets; provided, however, that the 
Purchase Price will take into account the termination of this Franchise Agreement. The Purchase Price for 
the Acquired Assets will not factor in the value of any trademark, service mark, or other commercial symbol 
used in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business, nor any goodwill or “going concern” 
value for the Franchised Business.  We may exclude from the Acquired Assets purchased in accordance 
with this Section any equipment, furnishings, fixtures, signs, and inventory that are not accepted as meeting 
then-current standards for a Franchised Business or for which you cannot deliver a Bill of Sale in a form 
satisfactory to us. 
If you and we cannot agree upon a fair market value, we shall appoint an independent, third-party 
appraiser with experience appraising businesses comparable to your Franchised Business in the United 
States (“Qualified Appraiser”) within 30 days after the Specified Date.  We shall pay for fifty percent (50%) 
of the cost of this Qualified Appraiser, and you shall pay the other fifty percent (50%) of the cost.    
The Qualified Appraiser shall appraise the Acquired Assets as described above (“Appraised Value”). If 
you agree with the Appraised Value, the Appraised Value shall be the Purchase Price. If you disagree with 
the Appraised Value, upon written notice to us, you may hire an additional Qualified Appraiser at your 
expense.  In such situation, the Qualified Appraiser chosen by you shall appraise the Acquired Assets at 
fair market value determined as described above.  The average of the two values provided by the Qualified 
Appraisers shall be the Purchase Price.   
 Access to Franchised Business 
The Qualified Appraiser will be given full access to the Franchised Business, the Premises and your 
books and records during customary business hours to conduct the appraisal and will value the leasehold 
improvements, equipment, furnishings, fixtures, signs and inventory in accordance with the standards of 
this Section.   
 Exercise of Option; Operation 
Within 10 days after the Purchase Price has been determined, we may fully exercise our option to 
purchase the Acquired Assets by notifying you of our decision in writing (“Purchase Notice”). The Purchase 
Price will be paid in cash or cash equivalents at the closing of the purchase (“Closing”), which will take 
place no later than 60 days after the date of the Purchase Notice. From the date of the Purchase Notice until 
Closing, you will operate the Franchised Business and maintain the Acquired Assets in the usual and 
ordinary course of business and maintain in full force all insurance policies required under this Franchise 
