 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-3 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
 
Neither Franchisor nor any other person listed in Item 2 of the FDD is subject to any currently 
effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such persons from 
membership in such association or exchange. 
 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you 
concerning termination, transfer, or non-renewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise Agreement or Area 
Development Agreement contain a provision that is inconsistent with the California Franchise Investment 
Law, the California Franchise Investment Law will control. 
 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement provide for termination upon 
bankruptcy.  Any such provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. SEC. 
101 et seq.). 
 
The Franchise Agreement and the Area Development Agreement contain a covenant not to compete 
provision which extends beyond the termination of the Franchise.  Such provisions may not be enforceable 
under California law. 
 
Under California Civil Code Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable.  
Any such provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement may not be 
enforceable. 
 
You must sign a general release of claims if you renew or transfer your Franchise.  California 
Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law 
(California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516).  Business and Professions Code Section 
20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code 
Sections 20000 through 20043). 
 
Our website has not been reviewed or approved by the California Department of Financial 
Protection and Innovation.  Any complaints concerning the content of this website may be directed to the 
California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation at www.dfpi.ca.gov or by email to 
Ask.DFPI@dfpi.gov. 
 
Item 6 is revised to state: Any interest rate charged to a California franchisee shall comply with the 
California Constitution.  The interest rate shall not exceed either (a) 10% annually or (b) 5% annually plus 
the prevailing interest rate charged to banks by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, whichever is 
higher. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
HAWAII 
 
The following is added to the Cover Page: 
THIS FRANCHISE WILL BE/HAS BEEN FILED UNDER THE FRANCHISE 
INVESTMENT LAW OF THE STATE OF HAWAII. FILING DOES NOT 
CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY 
THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER AFFAIRS OR A FINDING 
