 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-18 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
losses to the extent that they are determined to have been caused solely and directly by the indemnified 
party’s negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.” 
 
RCW 19.100.180(1) provides that the franchisor deal with the franchisee in good faith.  As a result, 
any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement that modify this covenant to be inconsistent with 
RCW 19.100.180(1), including section 31.10 or elsewhere, may be void and unenforceable in Washington 
and is hereby removed from the franchise agreement.   
 
Section 8.9 of the Owners Agreement, contained in Attachment C of the Franchise Agreement is 
revised to state: No Personal Liability.  Owners agree that fulfillment of any and all of our obligations 
written in the Franchise Agreement or this Franchise Owners Agreement shall be our sole responsibility 
and none of our owners, officers, agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated with us shall be 
personally liable to Owners for any reason.  Section 8.8 of the Owners Agreement contained in Attachment 
D of the Area Development Agreement is revised to state: No Personal Liability.  Owners agree that 
fulfillment of any and all of our obligations written in the Area Development Agreement or this Area 
Developer Owners Agreement shall be our sole responsibility and none of our owners, officers, agents, 
representatives, nor any individuals associated with us shall be personally liable to Owners for any reason. 
 
Section 19.3 of the Area Development Agreement is hereby revised to state: “You acknowledge 
and accept the following: The obligation to train, manage, pay, recruit and supervise employees of the 
Boston’s Restaurant Businesses rests solely with you.”   
 
Under Washington law, non-compete covenants are enforceable only if they are reasonable and 
lawful. The Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement contained in Exhibit H-3 of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document is revised to state that such provisions may not apply in Washington. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Financial Assurance 
 
 
Item 5 is amended to state that the initial franchise fee and all other payments due to us before you 
open your Restaurant will be deferred until we satisfy all of our pre-opening obligations to you and you 
open for business.  The State of Washington has imposed a financial condition under which the initial 
franchise fees due will be deferred until we have fulfilled our initial pre-opening obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement and the Restaurant is open for business.  Because we have material pre-opening 
obligations with respect to each Restaurant you open under the Development Agreement, the State of 
Washington will require that the franchise fees be released proportionally with respect to each Restaurant. 
 
WISCONSIN 
 
 
The Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Chapter 135 of the Wisconsin Statutes supersedes any 
provision of the Franchise Agreement if such provision is in conflict with that law.  The Franchise 
Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement and the Supplemental Agreements are amended 
accordingly. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
