 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-48 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
portion or all of our obligations under this Franchise Agreement, and any right that we have under this 
Franchise Agreement.  If we do so, such third-party designees will be obligated to perform the delegated 
functions for you in compliance with this Franchise Agreement. 
 Binding Effect 
This Franchise Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each copy so executed and delivered 
will be deemed an original. This Franchise Agreement is binding upon the parties to this Franchise 
Agreement and their respective executors, administrators, heirs, assigns and successors in interest.  Nothing 
in this Franchise Agreement is intended, nor shall be deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any 
person or legal entity not a party to this Franchise Agreement; provided, however, that the Additional 
Insureds and the Indemnified Parties are intended third party beneficiaries under this Franchise Agreement 
with respect to indemnification obligations of the franchisee.   
 Integration 
This Franchise Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and may not be changed 
except by a written document signed by both parties.  Any email correspondence or other form of informal 
electronic communication shall not be deemed to modify this Franchise Agreement unless such 
communication is signed by both parties and specifically states that it is intended to modify this Franchise 
Agreement.  The attachment(s) are part of this Franchise Agreement, which, together with any amendments 
or addenda executed on or after the Effective Date, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of 
the parties, and there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between us and you about 
the subject matter of this Franchise Agreement.  No provision herein expressly identifying any term or 
breach of this Franchise Agreement as material shall be construed to imply that any other term or breach 
which is not so identified is not material. As referenced above, all mandatory provisions of the Operations 
Manual are part of this Franchise Agreement; however, notwithstanding the foregoing, we may modify the 
Operations Manual at any time.   
Agreements between the parties are not enforceable, unless they are specifically contained in this 
Franchise Agreement.  This provision is intended to define the nature and extent of the parties’ mutual 
contractual intent, and serves to show that there is no intention to enter into contract relations other than the 
terms contained in this Franchise Agreement.  The parties acknowledge that these limitations are intended 
to achieve the highest possible degree of certainty in the definition of the contract being formed, in 
recognition of the fact that uncertainty creates economic risks for both parties which, if not addressed as 
provided in this Franchise Agreement, would affect the economic terms of this bargain.  Nothing in this 
Franchise Agreement is intended to disclaim any of the representations we made in the franchise disclosure 
document. 
 Covenant of Good Faith 
If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and fair dealing in this Franchise Agreement, the 
parties agree that the covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations that are inconsistent with a fair 
construction of the terms of this Franchise Agreement. Additionally, if applicable law shall imply the 
covenant, you agree that: (i) this Franchise Agreement (and the relationship of the parties that is inherent 
in this Franchise Agreement) grants us the discretion to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain from 
taking actions not inconsistent with our explicit rights and obligations under this Franchise Agreement that 
may favorably or adversely affect your interests; (ii) we will use our judgment in exercising that discretion 
based on our general assessment of our own interests and balancing those interests against the general 
interests of our franchisees (including ourselves and our affiliates if applicable), and not based on your or 
