 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-38 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
liquidated damages provision does not give us an adequate remedy at law for any default under, or for the 
enforcement of, any provision of this Franchise Agreement other than the payment of Royalties and Brand 
Fund Contributions.  
26. 
POST TERM OBLIGATIONS 
The obligations contained in this Section 26 shall be referred to as your “Post Term Obligations.”  After 
the termination, expiration or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement, you agree to undertake each and every 
one of the obligations listed in this Section. 
 Cease Operations 
Immediately cease to operate the Franchised Business under this Franchise Agreement and the System.  
You agree to not hold yourself out to the public as a present or former franchise owner of the Franchised 
Business.  
 Intellectual Property 
Immediately cease to use the Intellectual Property in any manner whatsoever and not use any trademarks 
or trade names that may be confusingly similar to the Intellectual Property.  You acknowledge and agree 
that any continued use of the Marks would constitute trademark infringement.   
 Monetary Obligations 
Pay us all amounts you owe us and our affiliates. 
 Surviving Covenants 
Comply with all covenants described in this Section and otherwise in this Franchise Agreement that 
apply after the expiration, termination or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement or of an ownership interest 
by an Owner. 
 Branded Items 
Return all copies of the Operations Manual, or any portions thereof, as well as all signs, sign faces, 
brochures, advertising and promotional materials, forms and any other materials bearing or containing any 
of the Marks, our copyrights or other identification relating to a Franchised Business, unless we allow you 
to Transfer such items to an approved transferee. 
 Technology and Data 
Return all copies of any software we license to you (and delete all such software from your computer 
memory and storage), provide us the then-current Customer List and contracts that your Franchised 
Business has entered into and transfer all login information and data from any Technology, social media 
accounts and email addresses from your Franchised Business. 
 Entity Name 
Ensure that any names or registrations related to your use of the Marks are canceled. 
