 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-9 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may not be 
enforceable under Federal Bankruptcy Law (11 U.S.C.A Sec. 101 et seq.). 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Fee Deferral 
 
Item 5 and 7 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement and Area 
Development Agreement are revised to state: Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Maryland 
Securities Commissioner has required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed 
by franchisees shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the 
franchise agreement and the outlet is opened.  In addition, all development fees and initial payments by 
area developers shall be deferred until the first franchise under the development agreement opens. 
 
MICHIGAN 
 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS 
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE 
ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
 
Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating 
to a franchise: 
 
 
(a)  A prohibition on your right to join an association of franchisees. 
 
 
(b)  A requirement that you assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel which 
deprives you of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude you, after entering into 
a Franchise Agreement, from settling any and all claims. 
 
 
(c)  A provision that permits us to terminate a Franchise prior to the expiration of its term except 
for good cause.  Good cause shall include your failure to comply with any lawful provision of the Franchise 
Agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, 
which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure. 
 
 
(d)  A provision that permits us to refuse to renew your Franchise without fairly compensating you 
by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of your inventory, supplies, 
equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized materials which have no value to us and inventory, 
supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the Franchise 
business are not subject to compensation. This subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the Franchise is 
less than five years; and (ii) you are prohibited by the Franchise Agreement or other agreement from 
continuing to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, 
logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the 
Franchise or you do not receive at least six months’ advance notice of our intent not to renew the Franchise. 
 
