 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
H-5 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
EXHIBIT H-2 
 
BOSTON’S FRANCHISE 
 
SAMPLE SYSTEM PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
 
This System Protection Agreement (“SP Agreement”) is entered into by the undersigned (“you” or 
“your”) in favor of Boston Pizza Restaurants, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and its successors and 
assigns (“us,” “we,” or “our”), upon the terms and conditions set forth in this SP Agreement.   
1. Definitions.  For purposes of this SP Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given 
to them below: 
 
“Competitive Business” means any business that: (i) sells or offers to sell products the same as or 
similar to the type of products sold by the Boston’s franchised business operated by Franchisee; or (ii) 
provides or offers to provide services the same as or similar to the type of services sold by Franchisee at 
the Boston’s franchised business, but excludes a Boston’s business operating under a franchise agreement 
with us. 
 “Copyrights” means all works and materials for which we or our affiliate have secured common 
law or registered copyright protection and that we allow franchisees to use, sell, or display in connection 
with the marketing and/or operation of a Boston’s business or the solicitation or offer of a Boston’s 
franchise, whether now in existence or created in the future. 
“Franchisee” means the Boston’s franchisee for which you are a manager or officer. 
“Franchisee Territory” means the territory granted to you pursuant to a franchise agreement with 
us.   
“Intellectual Property” means, collectively or individually, our Marks, Copyrights, Know-how, 
and System.  
“Know-how” means all of our trade secrets and other proprietary information relating to the 
development, construction, marketing, and/or operation of a Boston’s business, including, but not limited 
to, methods, techniques, specifications, proprietary practices and procedures, policies, marketing strategies, 
and information comprising the System and the Manual. 
“Manual” means our confidential operations manual for the operation of a Boston’s business, 
which may be periodically modified by us.  
“Marks” means the logotypes, service marks, and trademarks now or hereafter involved in the 
operation of a Boston’s business, including “Boston’s,” and any other trademarks, service marks, or trade 
names that we designate for use by a Boston’s business.  The term “Marks” also includes any distinctive 
trade dress used to identify a Boston’s business, whether now in existence or hereafter created. 
“Prohibited Activities” means any or all of the following: (i) owning, operating, or having any 
other interest (as an owner, partner, director, officer, employee, manager, consultant, shareholder, creditor, 
representative, agent, or in any similar capacity) in a Competitive Business (other than owning an interest 
of five percent (5%) or less in a publicly-traded company that is a Competitive Business); (ii) diverting or 
attempting to divert any business from us (or one of our affiliates or franchisees); and/or (iii) inducing or 
attempting to induce any customer of ours (or of one of our affiliates or franchisees) to transfer their 
business to you or to any other person that is not then a franchisee of ours. 
“Restricted Period” means a period of two years after the termination, expiration or transfer of the 
franchise agreement Franchisee entered into with us; provided, however, that if a court of competent 
