 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-19 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
would serve in an advisory capacity only.  We may grant the Council any operation or decision-making 
powers we deem appropriate.   
13. 
BRAND STANDARDS 
 Generally 
You agree to operate your Franchised Business: (i) in a manner that will promote the goodwill of the 
Marks; and (ii) in full compliance with our standards and all other terms of this Franchise Agreement and 
the Operations Manual.  Any required standards exist to protect our interests in the System and the Marks, 
and not for the purpose of establishing any control or duty to take control over those matters that are 
reserved to you.  The required standards generally will be in the Operations Manual or other written 
materials and may be periodically modified over the Term.  To protect our interests in the System and 
Marks, we reserve the right to determine if you are meeting a required standard and whether an alternative 
is suitable to any recommendations or guidelines.   
 Authorized Products and Services 
The products or services offered by the Franchised Business are subject to change and we do not 
represent that your Franchised Business will always be permitted or required to offer all of the products or 
services currently offered.  You agree to offer all products and services we require from time to time.  You 
may not offer any other products or services at your Franchised Business without our prior written 
permission.  We may, without obligation to do so, add, modify or delete authorized products and services, 
and you must do the same upon notice from us.  You may incur additional expenses to offer new or remove 
current products or services.  Our addition, modification or deletion of one or more products or services 
will not constitute a termination of this Franchise Agreement.  You will not enter into any agreements with 
any third parties that can process orders for you on your behalf without our express written permission, 
which we may revoke at any time, in our sole discretion.  We may, but are not required to, create Boston’s 
proprietary products for sale at your Franchised Business.  You must obtain a retail alcoholic beverage 
license under state and local law, regulations and ordinances. You agree to comply with all applicable 
federal, state, municipal licensing, insurance and other laws and regulations applicable to the sale of 
alcoholic beverages and to obtain the liquor liability insurance requirements set forth in the Operations 
Manual. 
 Suppliers and Purchasing 
 
You agree to purchase or lease all products, supplies, equipment, services, and other items specified in 
the Operations Manual.  If required by the Operations Manual, you agree to purchase or lease certain 
products and services only from suppliers designated or approved by us (which may include, or be limited 
exclusively to, us or our affiliates).  You acknowledge that our right to specify the suppliers you may use 
and add or remove suppliers is necessary and desirable. This right allows us to control the uniformity and 
quality of products and services used, sold or distributed in connection with the development and ongoing 
operation of your Franchised Business, maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets, obtain discounted 
prices for our franchisees if we choose to do so, and protect the reputation and goodwill associated with the 
System and the Marks.  If we receive rebates or other financial consideration from these suppliers based 
upon your purchases or any other of our franchisee’s purchases, we have no obligation to pass these amounts 
on to you or to use them for your benefit.  If we do not require you to use a designated source or approved 
supplier for a particular item, you may purchase the item from any vendor you choose so long as your 
purchases conform to our System and specifications. We may restrict the sourcing of current and future 
items.  You agree to maintain an adequate inventory of all items in accordance with the Operations Manual. 
