 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all 
lawful obligations.  
 
(iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed 
transfer.  
 
(h)  A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely 
identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a franchisor a 
right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide 
third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that 
grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of such 
assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure 
the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c).  
 
(i)  
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been made 
for providing the required contractual services.  
 
The fact there is a notice of this offering on file with the attorney general does not constitute approval, 
recommendation, or endorsement by the attorney general. 
 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to the Department of Attorney General, State of 
Michigan, 670 Williams Building, Lansing, Michigan 48913, telephone (517) 373-7117.  
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
THE MICHIGAN NOTICE APPLIES ONLY TO FRANCHISEES WHO ARE RESIDENTS OF 
MICHIGAN OR LOCATE THEIR FRANCHISES IN MICHIGAN. 
 
