 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-43 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
28.2.6 
Time Schedule. Any award will be made within nine months of the filing of the 
notice of intention to arbitrate and the arbitrator will agree to comply with this schedule before accepting 
appointment.  The parties will use due diligence to meet the foregoing time schedule, and the arbitrator will 
have the right to impose appropriate sanctions against any party who fails to comply with the agreed-upon 
time schedule.  The arbitrator will use his best efforts to comply with the foregoing time schedule, but may 
unilaterally modify it if, in his opinion, modification is necessary for a proper and just resolution of the 
dispute.  The parties may jointly modify the agreed-upon time schedule, subject to the arbitrator’s approval. 
28.2.7 
Arbitration Expenses. The fees of, and authorized costs incurred by, the arbitrator 
will be shared equally by the parties, and each party will bear all of its own costs of arbitration; provided, 
however, that the arbitration decision will provide that the substantially prevailing party will recover from 
the other party its actual costs and expenses (including arbitrator’s fees and expenses, and attorney fees and 
expenses) incurred in connection with the dispute. 
 Disputes Not Subject to Mediation or Arbitration 
If any of the following exceptions occur, either party may immediately file a lawsuit in accordance with 
this Section without going through the Required Mediation or Required Arbitration (for purposes of this 
Franchise Agreement, the following shall be referred to as the “Litigation Exceptions”):  (i) any action that 
involves an alleged breach of any Brand Covenant; (ii) any action petitioning specific performance to 
enforce your use of the Marks or the System or to prevent unauthorized duplication of the Marks or the 
System; (iii) any action for equitable relief, including, without limitation, seeking preliminary or permanent 
injunctive relief, specific performance, or other relief in the nature of equity, including an action to enjoin 
an alleged violation or harm (or imminent risk of violation or harm) to any of our rights in the Intellectual 
Property, our copyrighted works, Marks, the System, or in any of our specialized training, trade secrets, or 
other Confidential Information, brought at any time, including prior to or during any pending mediation or 
arbitration proceedings; (iv) any action seeking compliance with the Post Term Obligations; or (v) any 
action in ejectment or for possession of any interest in real or personal property. 
 Venue 
All disputes and claims must be mediated, arbitrated and, if applicable, litigated in the principal city 
(and, if applicable, court) closest to our principal place of business (currently Dallas, Texas); provided that 
for claims brought under the Litigation Exceptions, we have the option to bring suit against you in any state 
or federal court within the jurisdiction where your Franchised Business is or was located, or where any of 
your owners lives.  The parties consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over them by these courts, 
and to the propriety of venue in these courts for the purpose of this Franchise Agreement, and the parties 
waive any objections that they would otherwise have in this regard.  Each of the parties specifically waives 
any defense of inconvenient forum, and waives any bond, surety, or other security that might be required 
of any other party with respect to venue.   
 Fees and Costs 
If you breach any term of this Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us or an affiliate of 
ours, you agree to reimburse us for all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other expenses we incur relating to 
such breach, regardless of whether the breach is cured prior to the commencement of any dispute resolution 
proceedings. 
If we or you must enforce this Franchise Agreement in an arbitration or judicial proceeding, the 
substantially prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including 
