 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-12 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
 
Conferences 
We may hold periodic national or regional conferences to discuss various business issues and operational 
and general business concerns affecting Boston’s franchisees.  Attendance at these conferences may be 
mandatory or optional.  We also reserve the right to restrict franchisees from attending based on past 
performance, previous defaults and other factors in our sole discretion.  You are responsible for paying our 
then-current conference fee (currently $1,500), whether or not you attend the conference in any given year.   
 
Training Expenses 
You are solely responsible for all expenses and costs that your trainees incur for all trainings and 
conferences under this Section, including wages, travel, lodging, food and living expenses.  You also agree 
to reimburse us for all expenses and costs we incur to travel to your Franchised Business under this Section, 
including travel, food, lodging and living expenses.  All training fees and expense reimbursements must be 
paid to us within ten days after invoicing. 
 
Certified Training Designation 
If you own and operate multiple Franchised Businesses, then subject to our then-current certification 
procedures and your payment of the certification fee as described in the Operations Manual, after you have 
established your second Franchised Business and before the opening of your third Franchised Business (if 
applicable), you must implement an initial training and store opening program that complies with our 
standards. Under that program, you will be responsible for training the employees (including the manager(s)) 
of, and for providing on-site opening assistance to, the third and each subsequent Franchised Business 
developed by you.  If you do not have a certified training Franchised Business before you open your third and 
subsequent Franchised Businesses (if applicable), we will provide initial training at our then-current fee as 
described in Section 8.1 of this Agreement. If your Franchised Business loses its standing as a certified training 
Franchised Business, then you must pay us our then-current re-certification fee for each visit we make to your 
Franchised Business as part of the re-certification process. We will charge you our then-current fee for every 
visit we make to your Franchised Business to determine if your Franchised Business qualifies for certified 
training Franchised Business designation, or requalifies if your Franchised Business has lost the designation. 
9. 
OTHER FRANCHISOR ASSISTANCE 
 
Operations Manual 
We will lend you our confidential franchise operations manual (“Operations Manual”) in text or 
electronic form for the Term of this Franchise Agreement.  The Operations Manual will help you establish 
and operate your Franchised Business in accordance with the System. The information in the Operations 
Manual is confidential and proprietary and may not be disclosed to third parties without our prior written 
approval.  The Operations Manual may be updated and modified throughout the Term, both formally 
through amendments to the Operations Manual and informally through email or other written materials we 
provide to you.  You acknowledge that your compliance with the Operations Manual is vitally important to 
us and other System franchisees, because it is necessary to protect our reputation, the goodwill of the Marks, 
and maintain the uniform quality of the System.   
You agree to establish and operate your Franchised Business strictly in accordance with the Operations 
Manual.  The Operations Manual may contain, among other things: (i) a description of the authorized 
products and services you may offer at your Franchised Business; (ii) mandatory and suggested 
specifications, operating procedures, and quality standards for goods, products, services, ingredients and 
