 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-26 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
16.3.9 
General Release. You and each of your Owners sign a general release in the form 
we prescribe for all known and unknown claims against us, our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their 
respective members, officers, directors, agents and employees which arise before or contemporaneously 
with the Transfer.  If the proposed transferee has any previous relationship with us or our affiliates, then 
the proposed transferee must also execute a general release.   
16.3.10 
Right of First Refusal. We do not elect to exercise our Right of First Refusal. 
16.3.11 
Subordination. We may, in our sole discretion, require you to enter into an 
agreement with us to subordinate the transferee’s obligations to you to the transferee’s financial obligations 
owed to us under the Franchise Agreement. 
16.3.12 
Broker Costs. You must pay any broker costs, commissions or other placement 
fees we incur as a result of the Transfer. 
16.3.13 
Premises. Your landlord consents to your assignment of the lease for the Premises 
to the transferee, or the transferee is diligently pursuing an approved substitute location within the Franchise 
Territory. 
16.3.14 
Remodel. You must remodel your Premises to comply with our then-current 
standards and specifications, or you obtain a written commitment from the transferee to do so. 
16.3.15 
Other Conditions.  You and each of your Owners agree to comply with all 
obligations that survive the termination, expiration or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement. The transfer 
must be made in compliance with any laws that apply to the transfer including all laws governing the offer 
and sale of franchises.  You or the transferring Owner, as applicable, and the transferee have satisfied any 
other conditions we reasonably require as a condition to our approval of the Transfer. 
 Transfer to an Entity 
If you are an individual, you may transfer your ownership interests to an Entity provided that: (i) the 
Owner or Owners of the Entity are the same persons who signed this Franchise Agreement and (ii) you 
comply with the Transfer Conditions.  Our Right of First Refusal will not apply for a Transfer conducted 
under this Section and you must reimburse us for all of our fees and costs, including attorney fees (in lieu 
of the Transfer Fee), associated with your Transfer to the Entity. In lieu of entering into a new Franchise 
Agreement, you will be required to enter into any required documentation, which may include an approval 
of transfer agreement, a general release of claims and a Franchise Owners Agreement in the forms we 
prescribe. 
 Death or Disability  
Upon the death or disability of you (if you are an individual) or of an Owner (if you are an Entity), your 
interest in the Franchised Business or the Owner’s ownership interest in you, as applicable, must be 
assigned to a third party or another Owner approved by us within 180 days of such person’s death or 
disability.  For purposes of this Section, a person is deemed to have a disability only if the person has a 
medical or mental illness, problem or incapacity that would prevent the person from substantially 
complying with his or her obligations under this Franchise Agreement or otherwise operating the 
Franchised Business in the manner required by this Franchise Agreement and the Operations Manual for a 
continuous period of at least 90 consecutive calendar days, and where recovery within 90 days from the 
date of determination of disability is unlikely.  If the parties disagree as to whether a person is disabled, the 
existence of disability will be determined by a licensed practicing physician selected by us, upon 
