 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-10 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
 
(e)  A provision that permits us to refuse to renew a Franchise on terms generally available to other 
franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not require a renewal 
provision. 
 
 
(f)  A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside the State of Michigan.  
This shall not preclude you from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct arbitration 
at a location outside this state. 
 
 
(g)  A provision which permits us to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a Franchise, except 
for good cause.  This subdivision does not prevent us from exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the 
Franchise.  Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
 
(i)  the failure of the proposed transferee to meet our then-current reasonable qualifications 
or standards. 
 
 
(ii)  the fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of us or our subfranchisor. 
 
 
(iii)  the unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all 
lawful obligations. 
 
 
(iv)  your or proposed transferee’s failure to pay any sums owing to us or to cure any default 
in the Franchise Agreement existing at the time of the proposed transfer. 
 
 
(h)  A provision that requires you to resell to us items that are not uniquely identified with us. This 
subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to us a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a 
Franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those 
assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants us the right to acquire the assets of a 
Franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if you have breached the lawful provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement and have failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
 
 
(i)  A provision which permits us to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise transfer our 
obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to you unless provision has been made for providing the 
required contractual services. 
 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR 
ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
 
 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to: 
 
State of Michigan 
Department of Attorney General 
Consumer Protection Division 
Attn: Franchise 
670 Law Building 
525 W. Ottawa Street 
Lansing, Michigan 48913 
Telephone Number: (517) 373-7117 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
