 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-17 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the areas of 
termination and renewal of your franchise.  
 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of 
the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or 
mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an 
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
 
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant to a 
negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent 
counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for 
claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be 
enforceable.  
 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or 
actual costs in effecting a transfer.  
 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking 
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for 
inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent 
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the 
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted 
annually for inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that 
conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.  
 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from 
(i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any 
employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or 
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.  
 
A liquidated damages provision in a Franchise Agreement may be construed as a penalty under 
Washington law if the amount is found to bear no reasonable relation to actual damages.  As a result, the 
following amended liquidated damages provision replaces the current provision contained in Item 6 of the 
FDD and the Franchise Agreement to remove Brand Fund Contributions from the calculation of liquidated 
damages for Washington franchisees: “Liquidated damages are determined by multiplying the combined 
monthly average of Royalties (without regard to any fee waivers or other reductions) that are owed by you 
to us, beginning with the date you open your Boston’s Business through the date of early termination, 
multiplied by the lesser of: (i) 36; or (ii) the number of months remaining in the term of the Franchise 
Agreement, except that liquidated damages will not, under any circumstances, be less than $30,000.” 
 
Section 18.5 of the Franchise Agreement, Section 18.6 of the Area Development Agreement, and 
Section 7 of the System Protection Agreement state franchisee agrees to waive any right to challenge the 
terms of the brand covenants as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable.  These 
provisions do not apply to Washington franchisees. 
 
Section 22 of the Franchise Agreement and Section 13 of the Area Development Agreement are 
amended to state: “Franchisees have no obligation to indemnify or hold harmless an indemnified party for 
