 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
G-5 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
ILLINOIS 
 
Sections 4 and 41 and Rule 608 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that court litigation 
must take place before Illinois federal or state courts and all dispute resolution arising from the terms of 
this Agreement or the relationship of the parties and conducted through arbitration or litigation shall be 
subject to Illinois law.  The FDD, Franchise Agreement and Supplemental Agreements are amended 
accordingly.  
The governing law or choice of law clause described in the FDD and contained in the Franchise 
Agreement and Supplemental Agreements is not enforceable under Illinois law. This governing law clause 
shall not be construed to negate the application of Illinois law in all situations to which it is applicable.  
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “any condition, stipulation or provision 
purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of this Act 
or any other law of this State is void.”   The Franchise Agreement is amended accordingly.  To the extent 
that the Franchise Agreement would otherwise violate Illinois law, such Agreement is amended by 
providing that all litigation by or between you and us, arising directly or indirectly from the Franchise 
relationship, will be commenced and maintained in the state courts of Illinois or, at our election, the United 
States District Court for Illinois, with the specific venue in either court system determined by appropriate 
jurisdiction and venue requirements, and Illinois law will pertain to any claims arising under the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act. 
Item 17.v, Choice of Forum, of the FDD is revised to include the following: “provided, however, that the 
foregoing shall not be considered a waiver of any right granted upon you by Section 4 of the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act.” 
Item 17.w, Choice of Law, of the FDD is revised to include the following: “provided, however, 
that the foregoing shall not be considered a waiver of any right granted upon you by Section 4 of the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act.” 
The termination and non-renewal provisions in the Franchise Agreement and the FDD may not be 
enforceable under Sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.  
Under Section 705/27 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, no action for liability under the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act can be maintained unless brought before the expiration of three years after 
the act or transaction constituting the violation upon which it is based, the expiration of one year after you 
become aware of facts or circumstances reasonably indicating that you may have a claim for relief in respect 
to conduct governed by the Act, or 90 days after delivery to you of a written notice disclosing the violation, 
whichever shall first expire.  To the extent that the Franchise Agreement is inconsistent with the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act, Illinois law will control and supersede any inconsistent provision(s). 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
Financial Assurance 
Item 5 and Note 1 to Item 7 of the disclosure document are supplemented with the following: 
Payment of Initial Franchise and Development Fees will be deferred until Franchisor has met its initial 
obligations to franchisee and franchisee has commenced doing business. This financial assurance 
