 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-C-4 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
The current address of each Owner for all communications under this Franchise Owners 
Agreement is designated on the signature page of this Franchise Owners Agreement.  Any party may 
designate a new address for notices by giving written notice to the other parties of the new address according 
to the method set forth in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
7. 
Enforcement of This Franchise Owners Agreement. 
  
7.1 
Dispute Resolution.  Any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this 
Franchise Owners Agreement shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement.  This agreement to engage in such dispute resolution process shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Franchise Owners Agreement. 
 
7.2 
Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue.  This Franchise Owners Agreement and 
any claim or controversy arising out of, or relating to, any of the rights or obligations under this Franchise 
Owners Agreement, and any other claim or controversy between the parties, will be governed by the choice 
of law, jurisdiction, and venue provisions of the Franchise Agreement.   
 
7.3 
Equitable Remedies.  Owners acknowledge and agree that the covenants and 
obligations of the Owners relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of 
the terms of such covenants and obligations will cause us irreparable injury for which adequate remedies 
are not available at law.  Therefore, Owners agree that we shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining 
order or such other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) as a court of competent 
jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain Owners from committing any violation of the 
covenants and obligations contained in this Franchise Owners Agreement.  If equitable relief is granted, 
Owners’ only remedy will be the court’s dissolution of the injunctive relief.  If equitable relief was 
wrongfully issued, Owners expressly waive all claims for damages they incurred as a result of the wrongful 
issuance. 
  
8. 
Miscellaneous. 
  
8.1 
No Other Agreements.  This Franchise Owners Agreement constitutes the entire, 
full, and complete agreement between the parties, and supersedes any earlier or contemporaneous 
negotiations, discussions, understandings, or agreements.  There are no representations, inducements, 
promises, agreements, arrangements, or undertakings, oral or written, between the parties relating to the 
matters covered by this Franchise Owners Agreement, other than those in this Franchise Owners 
Agreement.  No other obligations, restrictions, or duties that contradict or are inconsistent with the express 
terms of this Franchise Owners Agreement may be implied into this Franchise Owners Agreement.  Except 
for unilateral reduction of the scope of the covenants permitted in Section 3.3 (or as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Franchise Owners Agreement), no amendment, change, or variance from this Franchise 
Owners Agreement will be binding on either party unless it is mutually agreed to by the parties and executed 
in writing.  Time is of the essence. 
  
8.2 
Severability.  Each provision of this Franchise Owners Agreement, and any 
portions thereof, will be considered severable.  If any provision of this Franchise Owners Agreement or the 
application of any provision to any person, property, or circumstances is determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Franchise Owners Agreement will be 
unaffected and will still remain in full force and effect.  The parties agree that the provision found to be 
invalid or unenforceable will be modified to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, 
consistent with the original intent of the parties (i.e., to provide maximum protection for us and to effectuate 
the Owners’ obligations under the Franchise Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law), and the 
parties agree to be bound by the modified provisions. 
