 
 
 
 
{00182853.DOCX. }  
C-29 
[2025 FA v1F] 
 
have no liability to you if the System and/or any Confidential Information is held not to be secret or 
confidential or in the event that any infringement of others’ proprietary rights occurs because of your use 
of the System and Confidential Information. 
 Improvements 
If you conceive of or develop any Improvements, you agree to promptly and fully disclose the 
Improvements to us without disclosing the Improvements to others.  You must obtain our approval before 
using any such Improvements.  Any Improvement we approve may be used by us and any third parties we 
authorize, without any obligation to pay you royalties or other fees.  You must assign all rights to any such 
Improvement, including the right to grant sublicenses to us or our designee, without charge.  In return, we 
will authorize you to use any Improvements we or other franchisees develop that we authorize for general 
use with the operation of a Franchised Business.  These obligations shall survive the termination, expiration 
or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement. 
 Notification of Intellectual Property Issues  
You must notify us as soon as possible, but no later than three business days of any: (i) apparent 
infringement of any of the Intellectual Property; (ii) challenge to your use of any of the Intellectual Property; 
or (iii) claim by any person of any rights in any of the Intellectual Property.  You may not communicate 
with any person other than us and our counsel in connection with any such infringement, challenge or claim.  
We will have sole discretion to take such action as we deem appropriate.  We have the right to exclusively 
control any litigation, Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, or other proceeding arising out of any such 
infringement, challenge or claim.  You agree to execute any and all instruments and documents, render such 
assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of our counsel, be necessary or advisable to 
protect and maintain our interest in any such litigation, Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, or other 
proceeding, or to otherwise protect and maintain our interest in the Intellectual Property. 
18. 
BRAND COVENANTS 
 Reason for Covenants 
The covenants in this Section 18 shall be referred to as the “Brand Covenants.” 
You acknowledge that the System is distinctive and has been developed by us and/or our affiliates at 
great effort, time and expense, and that the Intellectual Property and the training and assistance we provide 
would not be acquired except through implementation of this Franchise Agreement.  You also acknowledge 
that competition by you, the Owners, or persons associated with you or the Owners (including family 
members) could jeopardize the entire System because you and the Owners have received an advantage 
through knowledge of our day-to-day operations and Confidential Information related to the System.  
Accordingly, you and the Owners agree to comply with the Brand Covenants described in this Section to 
protect the Intellectual Property and our System. 
 Unfair Competition During the Term 
For purposes of this Franchise Agreement, “Competitive Business” means any business that: (i) sells or 
offers to sell products the same as or similar to the type of products sold by the Franchised Business; or (ii) 
provides or offers to provide services the same as or similar to the type of services sold by the Franchised 
Business, but excludes a Franchised Business operating under a franchise agreement with us.  A 
Competitive Business shall not include ownership of up to five percent (5%) of any publicly-held company 
