 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-5 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
7. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
You shall not commence construction on or open any Boston’s Restaurant Business until, among 
other things, the individual franchise agreement for that Boston’s Restaurant Franchise has been signed 
by both you and us.  
8. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
8.1 
You will be in default of this Area Development Agreement if you (or your affiliate(s)): (a) fail 
to comply with the Development Schedule; (b) fail to perform any of your obligations under this Area 
Development Agreement or any individual franchise agreement; or (c) fail to comply with the transfer 
provisions contained in this Area Development Agreement.  Upon default, we shall have the right, at our 
option, and in our sole discretion, to do any or all of the following: 
(a) 
terminate this Area Development Agreement; 
(b) 
terminate the territorial exclusivity granted to you; 
(c) 
reduce the size of your Development Territory;  
(d) 
permit you to extend the Development Schedule; or  
(e) 
pursue any other remedy we may have at law or in equity, including, but not limited to, a 
suit for non-performance. 
8.2 
 Upon the death or Permanent Disability (as defined below) of you or any equity owner of you 
(if you are an Entity) or of your Responsible Owner (as defined below), we shall allow a period of up to 
180 days after such death or Permanent Disability for his or her heirs, personal representatives or 
conservators (the “Heirs”) to seek and obtain our consent to the assignment of his or her rights and 
interests in this Area Development Agreement (or the assignment of his or her equity and voting power) 
to another equity owner or third-party approved by us.  If, within said 180-day period, said Heir(s) fail to 
receive our consent or to effect such consent to assignment, then we shall have the right to immediately 
terminate this Area Development Agreement.  We may withhold or grant such consent in our sole 
discretion.  For purposes of this Section 8.2, a “Permanent Disability” shall mean any physical, emotional 
or mental injury, illness or incapacity which would prevent a person from performing the obligations set 
forth in this Area Development Agreement or in the guaranty made part of this Area Development 
Agreement for at least 90 consecutive days, and from which condition recovery within 90 days from the 
date of determination of disability is unlikely.  If the parties disagree as to whether a person is disabled, a 
licensed practicing physician selected by us will examine the person and determine if he or she has a 
Permanent Disability.  If the person refuses to submit to an examination, such person shall automatically 
be deemed Permanently Disabled as of the date of such refusal for the purpose of this Section 8.2.  The 
costs of any examination required by this Section 8.2 shall be paid by us.  Upon the death or claim of 
Permanent Disability of you or any Responsible Owner, you or your representative must notify us of such 
death or claim of Permanent Disability within 15 days.  The Heirs must request our approval for the right 
to transfer to the next of kin within 120 calendar days after the death or disability.  The “Responsible 
Owner” means the individual that you designate, and we approve who is primarily responsible for 
communicating with us about any of your Boston’s Restaurant Business(es) and all matters related to this 
Area Development Agreement. 
