 
 
{00182849.DOC. }  
D-11 
[2025 ADA v1F] 
this Area Development Agreement, shall be submitted first to non-binding mediation (“Required 
Mediation”) prior to a hearing in binding arbitration.  Before commencing any mediation against us or our 
affiliates with respect to any such claim or dispute, you must submit a notice to us, which specifies, in 
detail, the precise nature and grounds of such claim or dispute.  Such mediation shall take place in the city 
closest to our principal place of business (currently Dallas, Texas) under the auspices of the American 
Arbitration Association (“AAA”), or other mediation service acceptable to us in our sole discretion, in 
accordance with AAA’s Commercial Mediation Procedures then in effect.  You may not commence any 
action against us or our affiliates with respect to any such claim unless mediation proceedings have been 
terminated either: (i) as the result of a written declaration of the mediator(s) that further mediation efforts 
are not worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of a written declaration by us.  The parties shall each bear their own 
costs of mediation and shall share equally the filing fee imposed by AAA and the mediator’s fees.  We 
reserve the right to specifically enforce our right to mediation.    
17.2 If the parties cannot fully resolve and settle a dispute through Required Mediation, all 
unresolved issues involved in the dispute shall be, at the request of either party, submitted to final and 
binding arbitration to be conducted in the city closest to our principal place of business (currently Dallas, 
Texas) by AAA (if AAA or any successor thereto is no longer available for arbitration in such city, you 
and we will agree on another arbitration organization to conduct the arbitration proceeding), in 
accordance with AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and otherwise as set forth below on an individual 
basis (not a class action) (“Required Arbitration”).  Either party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by 
making a written demand to the other party, and both parties will then be obligated to engage in 
arbitration.  The demand for arbitration must be served on the other party within the period provided by 
the applicable limitations period, and must contain a statement setting forth the nature of the dispute, the 
amount involved, if any, and the remedies sought.  A demand for arbitration will not operate to stay, 
postpone or rescind the effectiveness of any termination of this Area Development Agreement.  
Arbitration will not proceed until any protest of arbitrability is resolved by the arbitrator or by an 
appropriate court, if necessary. 
(a) 
Arbitration will be conducted before a single, neutral arbitrator who is familiar with legal 
disputes of the type at issue and who has franchise business or contract experience.  The parties will 
mutually agree on the selection of the arbitrator; however, if the parties have not agreed on the selection 
of an arbitrator within 30 days after the arbitration demand, either party may request AAA or successor 
organization, to appoint a qualified arbitrator. 
(b) 
All discovery must be completed within 60 days following appointment of an arbitrator, 
unless otherwise agreed by the parties.  Depositions will be limited to a maximum of five per party and 
will be held within 30 days after making a request.  Additional depositions may be scheduled only with 
the permission of the arbitrator and for good cause shown. Each deposition will be limited to a maximum 
of six hours duration.  Should a dispute arise over the extent of or propriety of any discovery request, the 
arbitrator will make a final determination after hearing each party’s position. 
(c) 
At least five days before the scheduled hearing, each party must deliver to the arbitrator 
and to the other party a written summary of its position on the issues in dispute. 
(d) 
The arbitrator will issue a written decision within ten days after conclusion of the 
hearing, explaining the basis for the decision.  Judgment upon the decision rendered by the arbitrator may 
be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  This decision will be binding upon both parties.  The 
arbitrator will have authority to assess actual damages sustained by reason of any breach or wrongful 
termination of this Area Development Agreement, including monetary damages and interest on unpaid 
amounts from date due, specific performance, injunctive and declaratory relief, and legal fees and costs, 
but will not have any authority to amend or modify the terms of this Area Development Agreement or to 
