 
 
{00182851.DOCX. } 
12 
[2025 FDD v1F] 
 
Type of Fee(1) 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Transfer Fee 
$25,000 
$1,000 non-
refundable deposit 
at time of transfer 
application 
submittal and the 
remaining balance 
of fee at time of the 
approved transfer 
Payable in connection with the transfer of 
your Boston’s Business, a transfer of 
ownership of your legal entity, or the 
Franchise Agreement (this does not apply 
to the transfer of an entity you control—
see below).   
Transfer to 
Entity Fee 
Our actual costs  
On demand 
If you are transferring the Franchise 
Agreement to an entity that you control, 
you will not be required to pay a transfer 
fee, but you must pay our actual costs. 
Liquidated 
Damages(4) 
Will vary under the 
circumstances 
Within 15 days after 
termination of the 
Franchise 
Agreement 
Due only if we terminate the Franchise 
Agreement before the end of the term 
because of your material breach, or you 
terminate 
the 
Franchise 
Agreement 
without legal cause. 
Broker Fees 
Our actual cost of the 
brokerage commissions, 
finder’s fees or similar 
charges 
As incurred 
If you transfer your Boston’s Business to a 
third party or purchaser, you must 
reimburse all of our actual costs for 
commissions, finder’s fees and similar 
charges. 
 
Notes: 
1. 
Fees.  All fees paid to us or our affiliates are uniform and not refundable under any circumstances 
once paid.  Fees paid to vendors or other suppliers may be refundable depending on the vendors’ 
and suppliers’ policies.  We currently require you to pay fees and other amounts due to us or our 
affiliates via electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) or other similar means. You are required to complete 
the ACH authorization (in the form attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit H-
4.  We can require an alternative payment method or payment frequency for any fees or amounts 
owed to us or our affiliates under the Franchise Agreement.  All fees are current as of the Issuance 
Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document.  Certain fees that we have indicated may increase 
over the term of the Franchise Agreement.  All fees expressed as a fixed dollar amount are subject 
to adjustment based on changes to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) in the United States.  We may 
periodically review and increase these fees based on changes to the CPI, but only if the increase to 
the CPI is more than 5% higher than the corresponding CPI in effect on: (a) the effective date of 
your Franchise Agreement (for the initial fee adjustments); or (b) the date we implemented the last 
fee adjustment (for subsequent fee adjustments).  We will notify you of any CPI adjustment at least 
60 days before the fee adjustment becomes effective.  We will implement no more than one CPI-
related fee adjustment during any calendar year.  If you enter into an Area Development Agreement 
to operate multiple Boston’s Businesses, the fees indicated in the chart above are the fees charged 
and/or incurred for each Boston’s Businesses.  
2. 
Royalty.  “Gross Sales” means the total of all of your revenue, sales and other income, surcharges 
and consideration from the sale of all Boston’s merchandise, products and services to your 
customers whether or not sold or performed at or from the physical location of the Boston’s 
