46 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
other rights in and to the Hotel System Website, including all data that visitors supply or the Hotel 
System Website obtains.  We may discontinue the Hotel System Website and/or any of its content 
(including separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time. 
You may develop, maintain or authorize a website or other electronic medium featuring 
the Hotel to consumers (the “Hotel-Specific Website”) only with our approval and subject to the 
conditions described here.  The Hotel-Specific Website may not use the word “hyatt,” 
“Destination” or any similar word, or any of the Proprietary Marks, as part of its domain name or 
URL.  The Hotel-Specific Website may not accept reservations for the Hotel (other than through 
an approved link to a Hotel System Website) or otherwise sell any products or services associated 
with the Hotel or any of the Proprietary Marks.  You are solely responsible for obtaining all 
intellectual property rights to use any information and materials on the Hotel-Specific Website.  
However, as between us and you, we own all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to 
all Guest Information that visitors supply or the Hotel-Specific Website obtains. 
You also may, with our approval (which we will not unreasonably withhold) and subject 
to compliance with System Standards, authorize any Travel Services Website or Franchisee 
Organization Website to list and promote the Hotel together with other hotels.  A “Travel Services 
Website” is a website that a third party (which is not your affiliate) operates that promotes and 
sells travel-related products and services for a number of hotel brands, including other Hyatt 
Network Hotels.  A “Franchisee Organization Website” is a website that mentions the Hotel and 
other hotels in which you and your affiliates have an interest as part of your and their portfolio of 
properties and that has a primary purpose of promoting the entire portfolio (rather than only 
promoting the Hotel).  (Section 5.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
Technology System 
You must use the computer hardware, software, and related equipment (the “Technology 
System”) that we or our affiliate periodically designate to operate the Hotel.  The Hotel will use 
the Technology System to administer the CRS and the property management system (the “PMS”); 
automate front desk registration/cashiering, telephone switchboard, housekeeping and accounting 
functions; record and track sales and labor data; run the point-of-sale (“POS”), key lock system, 
in-room entertainment, sound and related systems; and perform a variety of other management and 
reporting functions.  To meet our current brand standards, you must install the following systems:  
Property Management, Point of Sale, Revenue Management, Events and Lead Generation System 
(Envision), Key Lock, PBX/Phones, In-Room Entertainment, High Speed Internet Service, Guest 
Computing, Hotel Music Services, Digital Surveillance, and Scent.  The Technology System will 
generate and record revenue, payment, labor and other operational data relating to the Hotel and 
its operations.  We will provide project management implementation and related services for the 
Technology System.  Based on our current requirements for a Brand Hotel, we estimate that it will 
cost approximately $1,508,950 to $3,296,000 for you to acquire and install the Technology System 
at the Hotel. 
You currently must acquire the PMS, POS system, and certain other components of the 
Technology System only from our designated vendors.  You must acquire 24/7 support, 
maintenance, and warranty coverage from us or our designated PMS and POS vendor.  Our 
designated PMS and POS vendor currently charges $3.90 per room per month but may increase 
