5 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
F&B Operations operate in accordance with the approved F&B Operations Plan.  
Franchisee may not make any material changes to the F&B Operations Plan (including any 
changes to the proposed restaurant concept(s) and/or F&B Operator(s)) without Hyatt’s 
prior written approval.  Before the Hotel begins operating in affiliation with the Proprietary 
Marks, Franchisee shall require each F&B Operator (if any) to sign such documents as 
Hyatt reasonably specifies to protect Hyatt’s (and its Affiliates’) intellectual property and 
other rights.  At Hyatt’s option, Franchisee must submit to Hyatt for its prior approval any 
proposed lease or other agreement between Franchisee (or its Affiliate or the Management 
Company) and the F&B Operator pursuant to which the F&B Operator will conduct F&B 
Operations, in which case Franchisee may not sign (or permit its Affiliate or the 
Management Company to sign) any such lease or other agreement that Hyatt has not 
approved. 
(b)
Spa Operations.  If the Hotel has Spa Operations, Franchisee may 
subcontract the management of the Spa Operations to a Spa Operator only if (i) Hyatt (in 
its sole judgment) approves of the Spa Operator, the spa concept and the terms of the lease 
or other arrangement between Franchisee and the Spa Operator; (ii) the Spa Operator 
complies with all applicable System Standards; and (iii) the spa does not use the 
Proprietary Marks in any manner (unless Hyatt authorizes such use in writing). 
2.4
Pre-Opening Sales Office.  Promptly after the Technology System is installed at 
the Hotel, at Hyatt’s option, Franchisee must open and begin operating a Pre-Opening Sales Office 
at the Site, staffed by the Hotel’s director of sales.  
2.5
Opening the Hotel.  Franchisee may not open or begin operating the Hotel in 
affiliation with the Proprietary Marks until Hyatt has notified Franchisee in writing that Franchisee 
has satisfied all of the pre-opening conditions set forth in the System Standards or otherwise in 
writing.  Franchisee must open and begin operating the Hotel under the Hotel System and in 
affiliation with the Proprietary Marks on or before the Opening Deadline.  Franchisee may request 
an extension of the Opening Deadline by submitting to Hyatt, at least three (3) months before the 
Opening Deadline, a written request for extension and an extension fee in the amount set forth in 
Exhibit B-1.  If Hyatt approves the extension, Hyatt will set a new Opening Deadline, the extension 
fee will be non-refundable, and Hyatt may (at its option) require Franchisee to modify any 
previously-approved plans, construction documents, or the PIP (as applicable), to comply with the 
then current design, equipment and other aspects of the Hotel System.  If Hyatt denies the 
extension, Hyatt will refund the extension fee.  Franchisee shall indemnify Hyatt for all costs and 
expenses that Hyatt incurs directly or indirectly as a result of Franchisee’s failure to open the Hotel 
on or before the anticipated Opening Date specified by Franchisee or the Opening Deadline, 
whichever is earlier, including any amounts that Hyatt pays with respect to customers whose 
reservations at the Hotel are cancelled. 
2.6
Hyatt’s Role in Pre-Opening Phase.  Hyatt agrees to use commercially reasonable 
efforts in connection with its review and approval of plans and its approval to open the Hotel in 
affiliation with the Proprietary Marks, including by making a reasonable number of visits to the 
Site and providing reasonable guidance and advice relating to the Hotel’s development or 
conversion.  Franchisee must pay Hyatt’s then current fees (if any) for any additional guidance, 
services or assistance (beyond what Hyatt typically provides to similarly situated Brand Hotels, 
