57 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
Subject to the one exception below, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate during the AOP Term, nor authorize any other party to open and operate during the AOP 
Term, any other Brand Hotel the physical premises of which are located within the Area of 
Protection.  One exception to this restriction is that, during the AOP Term, if we or any affiliate 
acquires ownership of or the right to operate, manage, franchise or license (regardless of the form 
of transaction) another group of at least 4 hotels, one or more of which hotels are located or are 
under contract or construction to be located, in the Area of Protection, then we and our affiliates 
will have the unrestricted right to convert, or cause to be converted, the acquired hotel(s) within 
the Area of Protection to operate in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks and the Hotel System.  
We then may operate, or authorize any other party to operate, those hotel(s) as Brand Hotel(s), 
even if one or more of the other acquired hotels, whether operating within or outside the Area of 
Protection, are not converted to Brand Hotels. 
If the Hotel is already operating in affiliation with the Destination by Hyatt® brand when 
you sign the Franchise Agreement, you may not receive any Area of Protection or AOP Term 
when signing the Franchise Agreement.  We will make the determination of whether to provide 
any Area of Protection based on the time during which the Hotel has operated in affiliation with 
the Destination by Hyatt® brand and the market conditions under which the Hotel operates. 
Your rights in the Area of Protection apply only during the AOP Term.  Following the 
AOP Term, you will have no territorial rights or protection, whether within or outside the Area of 
Protection, and we and our affiliates may open and operate, and authorize any other parties to open 
and operate, other Brand Hotels the physical premises of which are located within the Area of 
Protection, including under franchise applications submitted and/or franchise agreements and 
other agreements signed during the AOP Term.  Because we and others may establish and operate 
one or more Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels within the Area of Protection after the 
AOP Term expires, and during the AOP Term under the exception above, you will not receive an 
exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets we own, or 
from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
Except for the limited exclusivity described above, your rights under the Franchise 
Agreement are nonexclusive in all respects, the Hotel has no territorial protection whatsoever, and 
we and our affiliates have the right without restriction to engage in all activities we and they desire 
(including concerning all types of lodging facilities) at any time and place, whether or not using 
the Proprietary Marks or any aspect of the Hotel System, and whether or not those activities 
compete with your Hotel.  We and our affiliates may use or benefit from, among other things, 
common computer systems, administrative systems, reservation systems, purchasing systems, and 
personnel and may provide some or all of the System Services to other Hyatt Network Hotels and 
other hotels, lodging facilities and other businesses, even if they compete with the Hotel.  You will 
have no right to pursue any claims, demands, or damages as a result of these activities, whether 
under breach of contract, unfair competition, implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, 
divided loyalty, or other theories. 
You have no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.  
Continuation of your territorial rights does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, 
market penetration or other contingency.  We may not alter your Area of Protection or territorial 
rights during the AOP Term. 
