59 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
standards of quality and service and do not cure the failure within 30 days after notice, if we fail 
to comply with any other provision of the agreement and do not cure the failure within 30 days 
after notice, or if we have an insolvency event and do not cure the failure within 60 days after 
notice. If Hyatt Corporation terminates the Trademark License Agreement because we failed to 
maintain or failed to require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s standards of quality 
and service, Hyatt Corporation may enter into a license with our authorized franchisees, but only 
if the franchisee not in default of its franchise agreement.  No other agreements significantly limit 
our rights to use or license the Proprietary Marks in a manner material to the franchise. 
There are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the Trademark Trial 
and Appeal Board, any state trademark administrator or any court, and no pending infringement, 
opposition or cancellation proceedings or other material federal or state court litigation, involving 
the Proprietary Marks.  We do not know of any superior prior rights or infringing uses that could 
materially affect your use of the Proprietary Marks in any state.
You must follow our rules when using the Proprietary Marks.  You (and any F&B 
Operators at the Hotel) may not use the Proprietary Marks with any Hotel restaurant operations 
without our prior written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold, and complying with 
all related System Standards.  If we discover your unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks, we 
may require you to destroy (with no reimbursement from us) all offending items reflecting that 
unauthorized use.  You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to 
your use of any Proprietary Mark, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any Proprietary Mark, 
and not communicate with any person other than us, our affiliates, and our and their attorneys, and 
your attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim.  We and our affiliates may take 
the action we and they deem appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any 
litigation, PTO proceeding, or other proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim 
or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark.  You must sign any documents and take any other 
reasonable actions that, in the opinion of our and our affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in any litigation or PTO or other 
proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in the Proprietary 
Marks.  We will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket costs for taking any requested action. 
If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or you to modify, discontinue using, and/or 
replace any Proprietary Mark and/or to use one or more additional, substitute, or replacement trade 
or service marks, you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after receiving 
notice.  Neither we nor our affiliates will reimburse you for any costs or expenses you incur relating 
to these directions, including your expenses of changing the Hotel’s signs, any loss of revenue due 
to any modified or discontinued Proprietary Mark, or your expenses of promoting a modified or 
substitute trademark or service mark.  Our rights in this paragraph apply to any of the Proprietary 
Marks (and any portion of any Proprietary Mark) that we authorize you to use.   
We will reimburse you for all damages and expenses that you incur in any trademark 
infringement proceeding disputing your authorized use of any Proprietary Mark if you have timely 
notified us of, and comply with our directions in responding to, the proceeding.  We will defend 
you in the proceeding and, at our option, we and/or our affiliate(s) may defend and control the 
defense of any proceeding arising from your use of any Proprietary Mark. 
