66 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
Ownership Interest” exists is made both immediately before and immediately after a proposed 
transfer. 
Item 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must offer all products and provide all services that 
we periodically authorize for your Hotel (including F&B Operations and Spa Operations, if 
applicable) in compliance with all applicable laws and according to our quality standards.  We 
may change these products and services at any time, and there is no limit on this right.  You may 
not sell any products or perform any services at the Hotel that we have not authorized.  You also 
must obtain our approval of your relationship with any F&B Operator, including the restaurant 
concept and the lease terms.  The Franchise Agreement contains no restrictions on the customers 
to whom you may provide goods and services. 
If the Hotel is or will be part of a site (whether newly constructed or adapted) that is owned 
or developed by you, your owner, or your affiliate (“Mixed-Use Site”), which may include, in 
addition to the Hotel, any residential, retail, restaurant, commercial or public space that is located 
on the same single, contiguous site as the Hotel but which operates separate from the Hotel (“Non-
Hotel Components”), no part or portion of the Mixed-Use Site may be used to operate: (i) a 
pawnshop, check-cashing business, gentlemen’s club, pornography retailer, or other sexually-
oriented business, or (ii) a package liquor store, marijuana dispensary, or gambling business, 
without our prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in our sole judgment, 
or (iii) a bar, lounge, club or similar establishment situated within 300 feet of any part of the Hotel’s 
interior footprint, whose revenues are derived more than 50% from the sale of alcoholic beverages, 
without our prior written consent, which consent will not be withheld unless we reasonably 
determine that the establishment might have a material negative impact on guests of the Hotel.  
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates if those rates and your pricing policies comply 
with System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best 
rate guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any 
guest a rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest at the time the 
guest makes the reservation.  You may not change the number of guest rooms in the Hotel without 
our consent. 
[Item 17 begins on next page]
