26 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
(c)
revenue management technology, including the Hyatt Group’s proprietary 
revenue management software, and advisory and support services, such as pricing strategy 
across channels and on-going training, support, and tools for pricing and inventory 
applications;
(d)
group sales support for large accounts, including lead generation from the 
Hyatt Group’s global and regional sales offices, account management, and account 
development, and transient and luxury sales promotion services (including Consortia); 
(e)
sales and catering system services, including account management, booking 
pipeline management, and analysis through our designated sales software systems, which 
are required in order to receive leads from the Hyatt Group’s sales sources;
(f)
property management system services, including Opera PMS, web-in/web-
out and hosting, and interface file, maintenance, and support; 
(g)
the Hyatt Group’s digital product technology and infrastructure including 
Hyatt.com and the mobile app; and 
(h)
other technology services, including e-learning, e-mail, HyattConnect, 
SharePoint, identify access management, ServiceNow, in-room technology, and network 
access.
The Hyatt Group may periodically change the benefits and services currently included as 
Commercial Services and the charges and fees for those benefits and services.  The Hyatt Group 
may adopt other methodologies for fees and charges related to chain-wide programs to 
Participating Hotels, including segregation by brand, geographic location, or other criteria that the 
Hyatt Group deems appropriate in its discretion.  The Hyatt Group may periodically allocate the 
Commercial Services Fee as a fixed charge, percentage charge, direct billback, or any other 
combination of multiple allocation methodologies.  The Hyatt Group may spend in any year more 
or less than the total Commercial Services Fee contributions in that year, but will use all 
Commercial Services Fees collected for Commercial Services.  
7.
Digital Acquisition Fee.  We currently charge the Hotel and other Participating 
Hotels the “Digital Acquisition Fee” to help drive bookings through the Hyatt Group’s online 
direct booking channels (the “Digital Channels”).  The Digital Channels currently are the Hotel 
System Website and any Hyatt-branded website or mobile app (such as the World of Hyatt app).  
You must pay the Digital Acquisition Fee on the subset of Gross Rooms Revenue resulting from 
reservations that are generated through the Digital Channels, whether directly or via a link from 
another platform, such as a search engine advertisement, social media page, or any Franchisee 
Organization Website.  We may, in our sole judgment and subject to change, exclude certain types 
of bookings that originate through Digital Channels for purposes of calculating the Digital 
Acquisition Fee and certain portions of Gross Rooms Revenue that is generated through the Digital 
Channels, such as the Upsell Revenue (defined below).  Digital Channels do not include 
reservations placed through external sources, such as online travel agencies (e.g., priceline.com 
and expedia.com) or through Hyatt-managed channels that are not digital in nature, such as 
reservations placed via telephone calls to our global contact center.   
