60 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
Even though the Hotel will feature an affiliation with the Destination by Hyatt® name and 
other Proprietary Marks in the manner that we periodically specify, the Hotel will feature the 
Tradename identified in an exhibit to the Franchise Agreement as the Hotel’s primary trade name 
in the manner that we periodically specify.  Under the Franchise Agreement you are representing 
to us that you own or have all valid rights to use the Tradename in the manner that the Franchise 
Agreement contemplates and any other names, including restaurant and spa names, that you 
provide to us or our affiliates (collectively, the “Outlet Names”).  Throughout the term of the 
Franchise Agreement, you must not use, or allow or authorize any third party to use, the Tradename 
for any hotel, resort, time share, lodging facility or other accommodations, other than the Hotel or 
another Brand Hotel.  The Tradename and Outlet Names are not Proprietary Marks and we make 
no representation concerning the validity of or your right to use the Tradename or Outlet Names.  
You grant us and our affiliates the right to use the Tradename and Outlet Names in marketing the 
Hotel and otherwise performing our obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
Item 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
No patents or pending patent applications are material to the franchise.  We and our 
affiliates claim copyright protection for the Copyrighted Materials.  We have not registered these 
Copyrighted Materials with the United States Copyright Office but need not do so at this time in 
order to protect them.  You must follow our rules when using the Copyrighted Materials.  You 
may use the Copyrighted Materials only as we specify to operate the Hotel under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use of 
any Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information, or of any person’s claim of any rights in 
any Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information, and not communicate with any person 
other than us, our affiliates, and our and their attorneys, and your attorneys, regarding any 
infringement, challenge, or claim.  We and our affiliates may take the action we and they deem 
appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any litigation or administrative 
proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim or otherwise concerning any 
Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information.  You must sign any documents and take any 
other reasonable actions that, in the opinion of our and our affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in any litigation or other 
proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in the Copyrighted 
Materials and Confidential Information.  We will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket costs 
for taking any requested action. 
We need not participate in your defense nor indemnify you for damages and expenses you 
incur if you are a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding involving any Copyrighted 
Materials or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.  If it becomes advisable at any time 
in our sole judgment for you to modify or discontinue using any of the Copyrighted Materials 
and/or for you to use one or more additional or substitute copyrighted or copyrightable items, you 
must immediately comply with our directions. 
