3 
Digital Ancillary Services Program Schedule to Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616960069.2 
DIGITAL ANCILLARY SERVICES PROGRAM SCHEDULE  
TO CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT MASTER AGREEMENT 
SERVICES AND FEES ATTACHMENTÔÇô EFFECTIVE MARCH 2025 
1.
Services. As part of HyattÔÇÖs Digital Ancillary Services Program, Hyatt or its designee, including 
Kouto, Inc. d/b/a Way (ÔÇťWayÔÇŁ), shall provide the following services: 
´éĚ
Experience Content Management ÔÇô Access to build experiences with certain Way products which 
provide the capability to merchandise different categories of experiences. Products include Host, 
Activate, Reserve, and certain new products released by Way during the Term of this Schedule. 
´éĚ
Experience Availability Management ÔÇô Ability to manage pricing, inventory, and availability for 
each experience configured and bookable through Way. 
´éĚ
Dedicated Ancillary Site ÔÇô One dedicated, Property branded site that allows visitors to view and 
book experiences configured in Way. Site can include experiences bookable on Way or experiences 
linked from Way to other sites. 
´éĚ
Intelligent Ancillary Placements ÔÇô Distribution across Hyatt web, app, and marketing channels 
through dedicated ancillary placements. Select individual experience placements using Hyatt 
Personalization Engine (HPE) to target experiences to users.  
´éĚ
Ongoing Property Support ÔÇô Staff support from Way by phone or email throughout the Term. 
Also access to self-serve support through Way support guides and a dedicated HyattConnect page. 
2.
Fees.  Subject to section 4 of the Central Hotel Services Master Agreement, Property shall pay 
$1,250 USD per month plus the Way Commission commencing on Service Effective Date.  
´éĚ
ÔÇťWay CommissionÔÇŁ means a commission on all ancillary services and products booked through 
the Way integrated channels and not cancelled by the purchaser equal to 5% of Net Revenues actually 
received and not refunded by Way or Owner with respect to such ancillary services and products 
(ÔÇťCommissionÔÇŁ).  
´éĚ
ÔÇťNet RevenueÔÇŁ is defined as gross revenues actually received by Way from purchases of ancillary 
services and products, less any refunds, sales taxes, and third-party transaction fees (including but not 
limited to credit card processing fees).   
´éĚ
There will be no Way Commission assessed on: (a) non-revenue generating activities included in 
the  ancillary services and products; (b) any ancillary services and products purchased directly at the 
Property (e.g., through concierge or front desk colleagues); (c) non-publicly listed b2b or group sales 
ancillary services and products even if booked through the Way integrated channels; or (d) 
Owner/member only ancillary services and products (and only where member ID functionality is used)  
even if booked through the Way integrated channels. 
