[LENDER NAME] 
____________, 2025 
Page 5 
Hyatt 2025 Comfort Letter 
1616175286.3 
successors, assigns, heirs and representatives, including but not limited to their respective 
employees, agents, officers, directors and owners, of and from any and all actions, causes of action, 
suits, claims, demands, contingencies, debts, accounts and judgments whatsoever, at law or in 
equity, whether known or unknown, arising from the exercise by Lender or Hyatt (as applicable) 
of any of the rights granted hereunder and the recognition and compliance with such exercise by 
Hyatt or Lender (as applicable) and (ii)  agrees that Hyatt may discuss with Lender or its designee 
the status of the Hotel, the Franchise Agreement, or any matter to which Lender or Hyatt is entitled 
to notice under the terms of this Comfort Letter or the Franchise Agreement.   
9.
The provisions of this Comfort Letter are not intended to, and do not in any way, 
alter, modify or amend the Franchise Agreement as between Hyatt and Franchisee. 
10.
It is further acknowledged and agreed that Hyatt shall be entitled to rely upon any 
written notice or request by Lender made pursuant to the provisions hereof without requirement of 
necessitating the accuracy or authenticity of such written notice or any facts or allegations 
contained therein.  Lender shall notify Hyatt promptly upon the satisfaction or cancellation of 
Lender’s mortgage on the Hotel. 
11.
Lender’s rights under this Comfort Letter shall terminate if Lender has been taken 
over in any manner by any state or federal agency or is in a receivership, conservatorship, 
reorganization, or liquidation, or Lender or any of its officers or directors have entered into or are 
subject to a cease and desist order or any other formal or informal written agreement with a federal 
or state regulatory agency. 
12.
This Comfort Letter may be executed in multiple counterparts and by .pdf or 
facsimile transmission, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which taken together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument. An executed copy will be returned to both Lender 
and Franchisee. 
[Signature pages follow] 
