4 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
Hyatt Hotels Corporation that currently, or may in the future, provide goods or services to you 
during the Franchise Agreement’s term, the “Hyatt Group.” 
The following companies are our affiliates who currently offer franchises or licenses in the 
United States and around the world.  The branded hotels that some of these affiliates operate or 
franchise might use the same reservations systems and other systems and processes as Brand 
Hotels. 

Hyatt Franchising Canada Corp. (“Hyatt Franchising Canada”) has offered 
franchises for full service hotels operating in Canada since November 2007.  Hyatt 
Franchising Canada has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business.  Hyatt Franchising Canada’s principal business address is the same 
as our address. 

Hyatt International (Europe Africa Middle East) LLC (“Hyatt International 
EAME”) has offered franchises for full service hotels, select service hotels and/or 
extended stay hotels operating in the European Union since June 2014.  Hyatt 
International EAME has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business but provides services to certain hotels in the European Union.  Hyatt 
International EAME’s principal business address is The Circle 09, 8058 Zurich-
Airport, Switzerland. 

Hyatt Place Franchising, L.L.C. (“Hyatt Place”) has offered franchises for select 
service hotels operating in the United States under the Hyatt Place® name since 
September 2005.  Hyatt Place has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any 
other line of business.  Hyatt Place’s principal business address is the same as our 
address. 

Hyatt Place Canada Corporation (“Hyatt Place Canada”) has offered franchises for 
select service hotels operating in Canada under the Hyatt Place® name since 
August 2006.  Hyatt Place Canada has never operated hotels or offered franchises 
in any other line of business.  Hyatt Place Canada’s principal business address is 
the same as our address. 

Hyatt House Franchising, L.L.C. (formerly known as Summerfield Hotel 
Company, L.L.C. and before that as Summerfield Hotel Company L.P.) (“Hyatt 
House”) has offered franchises for extended stay hotels operating in the United 
States since August 1999.  Hyatt House has never operated hotels or offered 
franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt House’s principal business address 
is the same as our address. 

Hyatt House Canada, Inc. (formerly known as Hyatt Summerfield Suites Canada, 
Inc.) (“Hyatt House Canada”) has offered franchises for extended stay hotels 
operating in Canada since September 2007.  Hyatt House Canada has never 
operated hotels or offered franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt House 
Canada’s principal business address is the same as our address. 
