5 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3

Hyatt Franchising Latin America, L.L.C. (“Hyatt Franchising Latin America”) has 
offered franchises for select service hotels, extended stay hotels, full service hotels 
and/or all-inclusive resorts operating in the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America 
and South America since February 2013.  Hyatt Franchising Latin America has 
never operated hotels or all-inclusive resorts or offered franchises in any other line 
of business.  Hyatt Franchising Latin America’s principal business address is the 
same as our address. 

Hyatt do Brasil Participações Ltda. (“Hyatt Brazil”) has offered franchises for full 
service hotels in Brazil since December 2024.  Hyatt Brazil has managed hotels in 
Brazil since February 2000.  Hyatt Brazil has never otherwise operated hotels or 
offered franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt Brazil’s principal business 
address is Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, 15º andar, Rochavera – Torre 
Marfin, São Paulo – SP, Brazil, CEP 04794-010. 

Hyatt International – Asia Pacific, Limited (“Hyatt International Asia Pacific”) has 
offered franchises for full service hotels and select service hotels in Asia since July 
2016.  Hyatt International Asia Pacific has never operated hotels or offered 
franchises in any other line of business.  Hyatt International Asia Pacific’s principal 
business address is Suite 1302-07, 13/F, The Gateway, Tower 1, 25 Canton Road, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong. 
Industry-Specific Regulations 
You must comply with a number of federal, state and local laws that apply generally to 
establishing and operating hotel businesses.  The laws involve, among other things, zoning and 
construction, public accommodations, accessibility by persons with disabilities, health and safety, 
and labor.  Many laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  You must learn about and comply 
with all applicable laws.  Examples of these laws include: 
Health & Sanitation.  Most states have regulations or statutes governing the lodging 
business and related services, including food handling and preparation.  Many state and local 
authorities require lodging businesses to obtain licenses to assure compliance with health and 
sanitation codes.  Health-related laws may affect the use of linens, towels and glassware, among 
other things. 
Alcoholic Beverages.  Alcoholic beverage service in a Brand Hotel is subject to extensive 
regulations and licensing governing virtually all aspects of the beverage service. 
Facility Operations.  Lodging facilities must comply with innkeepers’ laws that, among 
other things, might (i) allow innkeepers under certain circumstances to impose liens against the 
possessions of guests who do not pay their bills; (ii) limit the liability of innkeepers regarding 
guests’ valuables; (iii) require posting of house rules and room rates in each room or near the 
registration area; (iv) require registration of guests and proof of identity at check-in, and retention 
of records for a specified period of time; (v) limit the rights of innkeepers to refuse lodging to 
certain guests; and (vi) limit innkeepers’ rights to evict guests under certain circumstances.  
Applicable federal and state civil rights laws prohibit discrimination in hotels on the basis of race, 
