10 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
reasonable expenses in rendering the IT Project Management Services, including any necessary 
transportation, lodging and meals (which we anticipate will range from $10,500 to $17,000), plus 
applicable taxes.  If your Hotel is larger than 250 guest rooms, we may require a larger IT Project 
Management Services fee, which we and you would agree on before signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  We will invoice you for the IT Project Management Services fee (including expenses) 
on or after we complete an IT Project Management Service or upon your termination of the Hotel 
development project or the IT Project Management Services, for any reason, in either event 
regardless of whether we have approved the Hotel for opening. 
Additional Pre-Opening Advisory Services 
You may request, or we may determine that you need, additional guidance, services or 
assistance during the pre-opening period concerning the development, construction, or inspection 
and approval process that is beyond what we typically provide to similarly situated Brand Hotels.  
We may determine you need additional pre-opening services under certain circumstances, 
including if the Hotel is a conversion of an existing structure to a Brand Hotel (rather than a newly-
constructed facility), if one of our affiliates previously managed the Hotel, or if you (or your 
owners or operators) lack prior experience or familiarity with the System.  If we agree to provide 
this additional guidance and advice (for example, making more than a reasonable number of visits 
to the Hotel during the development and construction period), then you must pay our then current 
fees for our services.  The costs of these fees will vary depending on the additional guidance or 
service you request or we determine you need, but we estimate that you may pay between $0 and 
$375,000 for additional services or guidance before the Hotel opens. 
Pre-Opening Training Fees and Expenses 
In connection with the Hotel opening, we will provide owner/operator orientation and 
training to the Hotel management and staff on elements of the Hotel System, including training for 
the Hotel’s general manager at our General Manager University and training for the managing 
owner and senior operations officer at the owner/operator orientation program.  We may conduct 
training via remote learning, or in person (in one or more visits to the Hotel), or both, as we 
determine in our sole discretion.  These fees and expenses will vary depending on how many 
people attend each particular training program, how much training they need, and where we 
conduct training.  We currently estimate that the fees you pay to us and our affiliates for orientation 
and various initial training programs will range from $19,450 to $46,650.  You must pay these 
amounts upon receiving our invoice and before the pre-opening team arrives at the Hotel.  You 
must also reimburse us and our affiliates for our and their personnel’s travel and living expenses 
associated with any training programs that we provide on site at the Hotel.  We currently estimate 
that reimbursement of our and our affiliates’ expenses associated with these training programs, not 
including the tuition fees described above, will range from $4,241 to $9,900. 
Extension Fee 
If you are constructing a new Hotel, you must start and complete construction and open the 
Hotel, according to the timetables in the Franchise Agreement.  If you are converting an existing 
hotel to a Brand Hotel, you must start renovation and open the Hotel under the Hotel System 
according to the timetables in the Franchise Agreement.  We may terminate the Franchise 
