33 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
ARTICLE XIV 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
14.1
Arbitration.  All controversies, disputes, or claims between Hyatt (and/or its 
Related Parties) and Franchisee (and/or its Related Parties) arising out of or related to:  (a) this 
Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee and Hyatt or any of its Affiliates; 
(b) Hyatt’s (or any of its Affiliates’) relationship with Franchisee; (c) the scope or validity of this 
Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee and Hyatt or any of its Affiliates, or any 
provision of any of those agreements (including the validity and scope of the arbitration obligation 
under this Section 14.1, which Hyatt and Franchisee acknowledge is to be determined by an 
arbitrator, not a court); or (d) any aspect of the Hotel System or any System Standard, must be 
submitted for binding arbitration to the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”).  The 
arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one (1) arbitrator and, except as this Section 14.1 
otherwise provides, according to the AAA’s then current commercial arbitration rules.  The 
arbitrator must be a licensed attorney, have hotel industry experience, and be listed on the AAA’s 
National Roster of Neutrals (or such other equivalent replacement roster of experienced arbitrators 
that the AAA designates).  All proceedings shall be conducted at a suitable location chosen by the 
arbitrator that is within ten (10) miles of Hyatt’s then current principal business address.  The 
arbitrator shall have no authority to select a different hearing locale.  All matters relating to 
arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Sections 1 et seq.) and not 
by any state arbitration law.   
The arbitrator has the right to award any relief that the arbitrator deems proper, including 
money damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from the date due, as well as post-award interest, 
in accordance with Section 6.5), specific performance, injunctive relief, and attorneys’ fees and 
costs, provided that the arbitrator may not declare any Proprietary Mark generic or otherwise 
invalid or, except as expressly provided in Section 14.5 below, award any punitive, exemplary, or 
treble or other forms of multiple damages against either party (Hyatt and Franchisee hereby 
waiving to the fullest extent permitted by law, except as expressly provided in Section 14.5 below, 
any right to or claim for any punitive, exemplary, and treble and other forms of multiple damages 
against the other).  The award of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties and 
judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
Hyatt and Franchisee agree to be bound by the provisions of any limitation on the period 
of time in which claims must be brought under applicable law or this Agreement, whichever 
expires earlier.  Hyatt and Franchisee further agree that, in any arbitration proceeding, each must 
submit or file any claim that would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates.  Any 
claim that is not submitted or filed as required is forever barred.  The arbitrator may not consider 
any settlement discussions or offers that might have been made by either Franchisee or Hyatt or 
any of their related parties. 
Hyatt and Franchisee agree that arbitration will be conducted on an individual, not a 
class-wide, basis; that only Hyatt and Franchisee (and/or their respective Related Parties, as 
applicable) may be the parties to any arbitration proceedings described in this Section 14.1; and 
that an arbitration proceeding between Hyatt and Franchisee (and/or their respective Related 
