27 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
8.
GDS and Other Reservations Services.  In addition to the global contact centers, 
the costs of which the Hyatt Group allocates to each Participating Hotel as part of the Commercial 
Services Fee, GDSs accept reservations for Participating Hotels and confirm the reservations with 
the Hyatt Group through the central reservations center.  The Hyatt Group incurs a reservations 
fee for each reservation that these supplemental reservations systems accept, which currently 
averages approximately $8.50 per reservation, and the Hyatt Group passes on the charge to the 
hotel receiving the reservation at cost without imposing a markup or receiving a profit.
The Commercial Services Fee and these other reservation services fees include some of the 
current charges from providers of products or services for the Hotel, including the then current 
CRS operator (if applicable), the then current GDS and ADS operators (if applicable), and other 
suppliers to the Hotel, which may include us and/or our affiliates (collectively, “Providers”), that 
we currently collect from franchisees and pay (on their behalf) to the Providers.  If any Provider 
assesses a single or group fee or other charge that covers all or a group of Brand Hotels or other 
Hyatt Network Hotels to which that Provider provides products or services, then our calculation 
of that fee or other charge among the Hotel and other Participating Hotels is final.  The Providers 
may periodically increase the fees and other charges they impose.  At our option, you must begin 
paying these fees and other charges directly to the applicable Provider(s). 
9.
Mandatory Contracts.  The Hyatt Group periodically enters into relationships with 
vendors or providers of services that may require mandatory participation by all or certain subsets 
of Participating Hotels, such as certain contracts provided through Avendra, LLC, credit card 
acceptance agreements, music license agreements and certain telecommunications agreements.  
While the Hyatt Group does not receive any fees, rebates or commissions under these mandatory 
contracts, certain of the mandatory contracts may provide for promotional or other allowances that 
the Hyatt Group then allocates among Participating Hotels, as the Hyatt Group determines or the 
applicable vendor or supplier requires, or that the Hyatt Group uses for activities benefiting all or 
substantially all Participating Hotels. 
10.
Other Corporate Services.  The Hyatt Group provides a number of other corporate 
services and programs for the benefit of Participating Hotels for which those hotels reimburse the 
Hyatt Group on a cost recovery basis, including taxes, if applicable.  These services and programs 
include group sales promotional programs and events that 2 or more Participating Hotels sponsor, 
property evaluations, profit improvement services, quality assurance materials, security services, 
certain training programs and other various services.  As part of these other corporate services, the 
Hyatt Group currently provides “upsell” services for Brand Hotels and other Participating Hotels, 
offering room upgrades to guests having reservations at the Hotel before they arrive.  If the guest 
purchases the room upgrade, you must pay the Hyatt Group a commission on the additional 
revenue.  That commission currently is 5% of the difference between the Gross Rooms Revenue 
at the upgraded rate and the Gross Rooms Revenue at the rate the guest originally booked, 
excluding taxes (the “Upsell Revenue”).  The Upsell Revenue currently does not include any 
additional revenue resulting from the upgrade, such as early arrival fees and additional revenue 
derived from upgrades to the F&B Operations or Spa Operations.   
11.
Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Program.  The Hyatt Group currently offers to 
Participating Hotels centralized resources to guide, support, and augment local and on-property 
services that leverage the expertise of our designated specialty teams for a fee (which may contain 
