65 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
Guaranty and Guarantor Monetary Threshold 
We expect that only business entities, and not individuals, will sign our Franchise 
Agreement.  You must cause one or more of the direct and indirect owners (whether they are 
individuals or business entities) of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined below) in you which 
we specify to sign the form of Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee’s Obligations attached to 
the Franchise Agreement (the “Guaranty”).  Under the Guaranty, these owners must personally 
guaranty all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and be personally bound by, and 
personally liable for the breach of, every provision of the Franchise Agreement, both monetary 
and non-monetary, including the confidentiality and arbitration obligations. 
In addition, each owner that signs the Guaranty must agree, and you must ensure, that at 
least one guarantor will satisfy the Guarantor Monetary Threshold at all times during the Franchise 
Agreement’s term.  The “Guarantor Monetary Threshold” means each of the following: (a) total 
assets less total liabilities (excluding Hotel assets and liabilities relating solely to the Hotel), each 
as calculated according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, in the minimum amount 
of guarantor net worth minimum listed in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement; and (b) liquid 
assets (consisting of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities) in the minimum amount of 
the guarantor liquidity minimum listed in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement.  We will 
determine the amount of the Guarantor Monetary Threshold as of the Franchise Agreement’s 
effective date based on information we deem relevant, including the Hotel’s size, the market in 
which the Hotel will operate, and our assessment of our risk or exposure in the transaction.  We 
will list the initial Guarantor Monetary Threshold in Exhibit B-1 to the Franchise Agreement 
before we and you sign it.  The Guarantor Monetary Threshold will increase automatically each 
year of the Franchise Agreement’s term, without notice from us, effective on the first day of the 
calendar month during which the Franchise Agreement’s effective date falls, by an amount equal 
to the CPI Increase.  The “CPI Increase” means the amount to be adjusted multiplied by a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for All Items, which 
the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics publishes (the “Base Index”) as of the 
first day of the calendar month during which the increase is to take effect, and the denominator of 
which is the Base Index in effect on the Franchise Agreement’s effective date or used for the most 
recent increase (whichever is later).  If the Base Index is no longer published, we may designate 
another reasonably comparable index for calculating changes in the cost of living or purchasing 
power for consumers.  Your guarantors must provide us on an annual basis financial statements or 
other documents that we reasonably specify, which you or the guarantor certify in the manner we 
specify, demonstrating that at least one guarantor satisfies the Guarantor Monetary Threshold.  
You and your guarantors must reasonably cooperate with all auditing and reporting requirements 
relating to the Guarantor Monetary Threshold. 
A “Controlling Ownership Interest” in you or one of your owners (if that owner is a legal 
entity) means, whether directly or indirectly, either:  (a) the record or beneficial ownership of, or 
right to control, 50% or more of the investment capital, equity, rights to receive profits or losses, 
or other rights to participate in your or the entity’s results; or (b) the effective control of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of your or that entity’s management and policies, including a general 
partnership interest (if the entity is a partnership) and a manager or managing member interest (if 
the entity is a limited liability company), or the power to appoint or remove any party having these 
powers.  In addition, in the case of (a) or (b), the determination of whether a “Controlling 
