62 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
disclose it to you, lawfully becomes generally known in the hotel industry through publication or 
communication by others (without violating an obligation to us or our affiliate).  However, if we 
include any matter in Confidential Information, anyone who claims that it is not Confidential 
Information must prove that one of these exclusions is satisfied. 
All Guest Information, including Guest Information provided to or contained on the Hotel-
Specific Website, is our property and part of Confidential Information.  “Guest Information” 
means information and data relating to or derived from the Hotel’s guests and other customers 
during the Franchise Agreement’s term, whether obtained from the guest or customer or from any 
other source, including names, preferences, and other information about the guests’ or customers’ 
experiences and/or purchases, and including information stored in or provided to the CRS or the 
Hotel’s property management system.  We have the right periodically during the Franchise 
Agreement’s term, without notice to you, to access the Hotel’s property management system and 
other computer systems to retrieve Guest Information.  We and our affiliates may use, and allow 
others to use, the Guest Information in any manner that we deem appropriate (subject to applicable 
law).   
You may use the Guest Information, and certain other information and data relating to 
guests and customers of other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels that we periodically 
specify, during the Franchise Agreement’s term only to market to and provide services to the 
Hotel’s guests and potential guests in compliance with the System Standards and all applicable 
laws, rules and regulations.  You must ensure that your affiliates may not access, and neither you 
nor any of your affiliates may use, any of that Guest Information or that other information or data 
in any other business or capacity.  However, following the Franchise Agreement’s expiration or 
termination, you may use, and allow your affiliates and others to use, any Guest Information that 
was generated at the Hotel (and that we or our affiliate did not supply to the Hotel) during the 
guest’s stay at the Hotel and stored in the Hotel’s property management system database in any 
manner that you deem appropriate (subject to applicable law) at your own risk, if you comply, and 
ensure that any recipients of that Guest Information from you comply, with our then current 
policies and procedures regarding the collection, storage, use, processing and transfer of personal 
and/or financial data.  If there is an actual or suspected breach of security or unauthorized access 
of Guest Information or other information from the Hotel’s property management system or other 
computer system database, you must notify us promptly and we may require you to use a third 
party supplier we designate, at your sole cost and expense, to review and if necessary, remediate 
that breach or unauthorized access.  You must not take any action that could jeopardize our or our 
affiliate’s ability to comply with, or make certifications under, any law, regulation, contract, 
program or policy related to Guest Information (including privacy laws, privacy notices and PCI 
certifications) and applicable to us or our affiliate. 
You must promptly disclose to us all inventions, innovations and discoveries relating to a 
Brand Hotel and based or relying upon any element of the Hotel System, including any advertising, 
marketing, promotional or public relations plans, programs or materials that you or your 
contractors develop for the Hotel (collectively, “Innovations”), whether or not protectable 
intellectual property and whether created by or for you, your affiliates or contractors, or your or 
their employees.  Innovations are our or our affiliate’s sole and exclusive property, part of the 
Hotel System, and works made-for-hire for us or our affiliate.  You may not use any Innovation in 
operating the Hotel or otherwise without our prior written consent.  If any Innovation does not 
