associated allowance for credit loss occurs when the receivable becomes contractually current and collection doubts are 
removed.
After an allowance for credit losses has been established, we may determine the receivable balance is uncollectible when 
all commercially reasonable means of recovering the receivable balance have been exhausted. We write off uncollectible 
balances by reversing the financing receivable and the related allowance for credit losses. 
Financing receivables acquired in a business combination that have experienced more-than-insignificant deterioration in 
credit quality since origination are considered purchased with credit deterioration ("PCD") assets. PCD assets are accounted for 
at the purchase price or acquisition date fair value with an estimate of expected credit losses to arrive at an initial amortized cost 
basis. We use certain indicators, such as past due status and specific risk characteristics of the financing receivable, including 
capital structure, loan performance, market factors, and/or the underlying hotel performance, in identifying and assessing 
whether the acquired financing receivables are considered PCD assets. 
For additional information about financing receivables, see Note 6.
Inventories—Inventories are comprised of operating supplies and equipment that primarily have a period of consumption 
of two years or less and food and beverage items at our owned and leased hotels, which are generally valued at the lower of cost 
(first-in, first-out) or net realizable value.
Property and Equipment and Definite-Lived Intangible Assets—Property and equipment is stated at cost, including 
interest incurred during development and construction periods, less accumulated depreciation. Definite-lived intangible assets 
are recorded at the acquisition date fair value, less accumulated amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized 
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, primarily using the straight-line method. 
Property and equipment are depreciated over the following useful lives:
Buildings and improvements
10–50 years
Leasehold improvements
The shorter of the lease term or useful life of asset
Furniture and equipment
3–20 years
Computers
3–7 years
Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the following useful lives:
Management and hotel services agreement and franchise 
agreement intangibles
4–31 years
Customer relationships intangibles
4–12 years
Other intangibles
Varies based on the nature of the asset
We assess property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets for impairment quarterly, and when events or 
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, we evaluate the net book value of the assets by comparing it 
to the projected undiscounted future cash flows of the assets. Under the undiscounted cash flow approach, the primary 
assumption requiring judgment is our estimate of projected future operating cash flows, which are based on historical data, 
internal estimates, and/or external resources, which are primarily Level Three assumptions, and are developed as part of our 
routine, long-term planning process.
If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the assets, the fair value is determined 
based on internally-developed discounted cash flows of the assets, third-party appraisals or broker valuations, or if appropriate, 
pending third-party offers. Under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions requiring judgment, 
including projected future cash flows, discount rates, and capitalization rates. The excess of the net book value over the 
estimated fair value is recognized in asset impairments on our consolidated statements of income.
We evaluate the carrying value of our property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets based on our plans, at 
the time, for such assets and consider qualitative factors such as future development in the surrounding area, status of local 
competition, and any significant adverse changes in the business climate. Changes to our plans, including a decision to dispose 
of or change the intended use of an asset, may have a material impact on the carrying value of the asset.
For additional information about property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, see Note 5 and Note 9, 
respectively.
