3 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
our costs if you withdraw your franchise application before we approve it or if we do not approve 
it.  During your evaluation process, and before receiving any Confidential Information, you must 
sign the Confidentiality Agreement (Exhibit G) (the “Confidentiality Agreement”).  Because we 
may engage in negotiations with you and other franchisees, you may sign a Franchise Agreement 
with us that differs significantly from the agreements that other franchisees sign for Brand Hotels.   
Competition and the Market 
The hotel market is well-established and highly competitive.  Brand Hotels compete with 
other national full service hotel systems and with regional and local hotels that offer comparable 
services and lodging products.  Brand Hotels will target both corporate business travelers and 
leisure travelers.  Some competitors of Brand Hotels may be larger, may operate more hotels and 
may have greater resources than we do.  Other competitive factors include room rates, quality of 
accommodations, name recognition, service levels, geographic area, site location, general 
economic conditions and your management capabilities. 
Our Affiliates Who Supply the Franchise Network or Offer Franchises 
The following companies are our affiliates who currently provide products or services to 
Brand Hotel franchisees. 

Hyatt Corporation administers the “World of Hyatt” program, under which 
members earn points for eligible amounts guests spend at Hyatt Network Hotels 
and resorts worldwide.  “Hyatt Network Hotels” are Brand Hotels and other hotels, 
resorts, lodging facilities and other accommodations and hospitality affiliations that 
we, our affiliates, or our or their franchisees or licensees periodically own and/or 
operate under the name “Hyatt” or another brand that any of our affiliates own, 
regardless of whether those brands utilize the “Hyatt” mark in their names.  Other 
companies that provide hospitality or hospitality-related services to members, 
including other hotel operators, airlines and car rental companies, as well as 
branded hotel chains that Hyatt Corporation’s affiliates own, manage or license, 
also participate in the World of Hyatt program.  Hyatt Corporation also will provide 
most of the Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services to Brand Hotel 
franchisees.  Hyatt Corporation (directly or through affiliates) has owned, operated, 
provided services to, and/or managed hotels since 1957 and currently owns, 
operates, provides services to, and manages (directly or through affiliates) hotels 
and lodging facilities under more than 25 lodging brands.  Hyatt Corporation has 
never offered franchises in any line of business. 

Rosemont Project Management, L.L.C. (“Rosemont”) is a purchasing company that 
provides optional project management services and purchasing services for certain 
furniture, fixtures and equipment that Brand Hotels use.  Rosemont has never 
operated hotels or offered franchises in any line of business. 
Hyatt Corporation’s and Rosemont’s principal business addresses are the same as our address.  We 
call Hyatt Corporation, Rosemont, us, and any of our other affiliates who also are subsidiaries of 
