33 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
required and authorized products and services that the Hotel must offer to customers and quality 
standards for those products and services (including F&B Operations and Spa Operations, as 
defined below); and designated and approved suppliers of these products and services, which may 
include or be limited to us and/or our affiliates that we may designate.  “F&B Operations” means 
all food and beverage operations for Hotel guests and patrons consisting of the following (in each 
case, to the extent applicable):  (a) restaurant, dining, bar, lounge, and retail food and beverage 
services; (b) banquet, meeting, event, catering (including outside catering), and room services; (c) 
a multi-functional service area that serves coffee and breakfast, lunch and dinner menu items, and 
alcoholic beverages; (d) grab-and-go food and beverage items available for purchase in a Hotel 
market; (e) a communal area serving as a combination restaurant, bar, coffee shop and workplace; 
(f) a standalone restaurant and/or rooftop bar; and (g) all other food, beverage and related services 
at the Hotel.  “Spa Operations” means all spa and related operations and services for Hotel guests 
and patrons, consisting of all therapy, massage and other treatments, salon services and other spa-
related services, if applicable for the Hotel.  Not all Brand Hotels have Spa Operations. 
If you are constructing a new Brand Hotel or converting an existing hotel or other building 
to a Brand Hotel, we or Hyatt Corporation will advise you on the System Standards to be met, and 
the systems to be installed at the Hotel, so the Hotel can be opened and operated as a Brand Hotel.  
You and we or Hyatt Corporation will determine the types and levels of services and assistance 
you will receive and the fees you will pay for the services.  We and Hyatt Corporation are the only 
approved suppliers for these services if you are constructing a new Hotel.  We also provide IT 
Project Management Services and other technology-related services as well as PMS hosting 
services. 
We also provide IT Project Management Services and other technology-related services as 
well as PMS hosting services. 
You must use the Opera PMS at the Hotel.  You must sign the Hosting Services Agreement 
(Exhibit J) (“Hosting Services Agreement”) and engage us to host the PMS remotely.  We will 
provide services necessary to install access to the PMS at the Hotel under the Franchise Agreement.  
You must also sign an agreement with our designated supplier to provide connectivity services 
and training for the PMS.  If your Hotel is in Hawaii or Puerto Rico, under certain circumstances 
(with our approval), we may permit you to self-host the PMS at the Hotel. 
System Services 
Mandatory Services and Non-Mandatory Services comprise the System Services.  If you 
are in full compliance with your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, we or one or more 
members of the Hyatt Group will provide you those System Services that we periodically specify.  
You must participate in all Mandatory Services and related programs, and may (at your option) 
participate in any or all Non-Mandatory Services and related programs, in the manner that we 
periodically specify.  You must acquire all Mandatory Services (as we periodically modify them) 
only from a member of the Hyatt Group.  We may periodically add to, delete from, and otherwise 
modify these System Services, and the scope of and manner of providing System Services, upon 
notice to you.  Also, due to the differences in products, services, markets and hospitality 
experiences among Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels, we may, where we deem 
appropriate in our judgment:  (a) classify certain System Services as Mandatory Services for the 
