45 
Destination 2025-2026 FDD 
1615802343.3
Advertising and Marketing 
Except for the System Services, which we describe in Item 6, there are no advertising funds 
or local or regional advertising cooperatives to which franchisees or other Brand Hotel operators 
must contribute.  However, promoting Brand Hotels as a single chain in the United States is an 
important part of the Hotel System, so you must participate in and use, in the manner we specify, 
all advertising, marketing and promotional activities, materials and programs that we periodically 
require for similarly situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations).  (Section 5.2 of 
Franchise Agreement)  The Hyatt Group prepares advertising, marketing and promotional 
programs as part of System Services.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement)  These programs may 
cover any media (including print, radio, television and electronic) and their scope may be local, 
regional, national or international or focus on a subset of hotels (like resort hotels or convention 
hotels).  The Hyatt Group’s corporate personnel and advertising agencies develop these programs.  
We will not use funds that franchisees pay for System Services principally to solicit new franchise 
sales.  We will not prepare any periodic accounting of how we and our affiliates spend these funds.  
The Hyatt Group need not spend any amount on advertising, marketing or promotional programs 
in the area where the Hotel is located.  There currently are no franchisee advertising councils that 
advise us on advertising and marketing policies.  However, we may form, change, and dissolve 
these councils. 
You must ensure that all advertising, marketing, and promotional materials, all public 
relations plans and programs, and all uses of the Proprietary Marks are conducted in a dignified 
manner and comply with the System Standards, including the use of our standard templates where 
applicable, and which may, at our option, require our prior approval of materials that we have not 
previously approved.  You must discontinue using any materials (including previously-approved 
materials) and stop engaging in any plans and programs (including previously-approved plans and 
programs) within the timeframe we specify after you receive written notice from us.  You may not 
use Guest Information (defined in Item 14) in conducting marketing, advertising and promotional 
programs for the Hotel, except for programs conducted by or through us or with our supervision 
in each instance.   (Section 5.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
Except for the Hotel System Website, a Hotel-Specific Website (defined below), approved 
ADS, and as otherwise provided below, you may not develop, maintain or authorize any other 
website, other online presence or other electronic medium that describes or in any other way 
promotes the Hotel or displays any of the Proprietary Marks, without our prior written approval. 
The “Hotel System Website” is a website that we or one or more members of the Hyatt 
Group develops, maintains and/or authorizes for all or a certain group of Brand Hotels that we 
periodically specify (and, at our option, other Hyatt Network Hotels).  We currently provide each 
participating Brand Hotel a separate webpage on the Hotel System Website.  You must comply 
with all System Standards relating to the Hotel System Website, including by providing us (or our 
designee) all information and other materials concerning the Hotel that we periodically request 
and promptly notifying us whenever any information concerning the Hotel on the Hotel’s webpage 
is no longer accurate.  By providing Hotel-related information and materials, you are representing 
to us that they are accurate and not misleading and do not infringe any third party’s intellectual 
property or other rights.  We have the final decision about all information or materials appearing 
on the Hotel System Website.  As between us and you, we own all intellectual property rights and 
