20
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
overall site size and buildable size; required civil work; grading and excavation; impact fees; 
setbacks and easements; and local jurisdiction regulations.  Other considerations would include 
whether the land is being purchased or leased and related financing requirements. Our current 
prototype of 123 rooms and four stories will generally require at least 2.0 acres. 
NOTE 5: 
The permits, tap and impact fees you must pay to construct or operate the Hotel vary depending 
on the local government authorities that impose them.   
NOTE 6: 
Improvements include costs of constructing the Hotel building and facilities located in a 
suburban area.  These costs include exterior signage, low voltage cabling and Builder’s Risk 
Insurance. These costs do not include site work which will vary widely depending on material 
costs, labor costs, pace of construction and other factors. Building costs vary greatly from state 
to state and region to region depending on material costs, labor costs, and other factors.  This 
estimate will increase if your Hotel is in an urban area, or there are any unusual site conditions, 
labor shortages due to an active construction market, or organized labor groups. 
NOTE 7: 
You will incur professional fees for architects, designers, engineers, and providers of various 
technical services. The amount of these fees will vary depending on location, the qualifications 
and experience of the professionals you select, and the terms you negotiate with each of them.  
NOTE 8: 
The cost of Builder’s Risk Insurance is included in the Improvements estimates. You must 
arrange and pay for certain minimum types and levels of coverage as currently shown in the 
Standards, as we may amend from time to time. The cost of such coverage will vary based on 
selected carrier, coverage levels, geographic location, special provisions and other factors, 
including your risk profile.  These estimates are to acquire and maintain the types of insurance 
we require in the amounts we require during the first 3-months of operation of your Hotel.  
NOTE 9: 
Includes Project Management Fee, PMS set up costs, equipment and license costs, revenue 
management and Reservation Service set up costs, and third-party project management service 
costs (See Item 11).  These estimates also include costs for televisions, telephones, network 
infrastructure and related installation.  This does not include the cost of low voltage cabling, 
which is included with the estimate of the cost for improvements. 
NOTE 10: Your general manager must complete our GM Certification program currently held virtually or 
in person from our Charlotte, NC headquarters. You will be responsible for the cost of the 
program ($1,900) plus any travel and lodging costs of attending these sessions. The estimate 
does not include the cost of sending any additional employees to our GM Certification program.  
You may elect to send additional employees to the GM Certification program for a fee of 
$1,900 per employee.  You will be responsible for any travel and lodging costs for all 
employees who attend these sessions.  Additionally, you will be responsible for the out-of-
pocket costs, including travel and lodging costs, that we incur in providing on-site training to 
your hotel staff on IT systems and brand standard requirements. You currently must pay us 
$2,500 for us to send a trainer to your Hotel to assist in training the hotel staff on brand 
standards and related issues with the Hotel’s opening.  This pre-opening on-site training fee is 
non-refundable and due prior to the pre-opening on-site training being scheduled.  However, if 
we determine (in our sole judgment, based on operations at your, or your affiliate’s other 
System Hotels) that you are capable of training your own staff on the brand standards, then you 
need not pay us the $2,500 pre-opening training fee and we will not provide on-site training in 
connection with the opening of your Hotel. In this circumstance you must provide opening 
training to your Hotel staff according to our brand standard requirements. If you are new to the 
ESA System, at least one of your equity owners is required to attend our New Owner 
