31
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
Opening of the Hotel
You must begin construction/renovation and open the Hotel and begin operating it as a Brand Hotel by the 
dates specified in Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement (FA, Section 4.4). The typical length of time 
between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and the opening of the Hotel can range from immediate, 
to the time required for land acquisition, financing and construction. Immediate opening would be in 
connection with the sale of an existing Brand Hotel or conversion of another brand hotel. The time required 
for land acquisition, financing and construction can be as long as , or more than, 2 years. You may not begin 
operating the Hotel without our prior written authorization, including successful completion of a pre-
opening inspection (FA, Sections 4.3 and 4.4). 
 
Obligations after Opening
During the operation of your Hotel, we: 
1. Will designate suppliers (which may include us) for FF&E and OS&E and also review any suppliers 
that you propose to us to confirm that such suppliers meet, and are capable of providing items in 
accordance with, the Standards (FA, Section 4.8).  Neither we nor our affiliates provide you with any 
necessary equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventory or supplies for your Hotel.  With respect to 
items we or our affiliates provide to you, they will be provided directly to you but neither we nor our 
affiliates will install them.   
2. At our election, will make consultation and advice services available to you about the operation of the 
Hotel as a Brand Hotel. (FA, Section 6.3).  However, you are responsible for hiring, terminating, 
supervising and training your employees (FA, Section 5.3). 
3. May physically and/or electronically enter and inspect the Hotel and operations, books, records, 
accounts, systems, real or personal property related thereto at any time and from time to time, without 
notice to you, to determine whether you and the Hotel are complying with the Standards and your 
Franchise Agreement (FA, Section 6.4; HTA, Sections 1 and 4). 
4. Will review for approval samples of all Marketing Materials that you wish to use which reference any 
of the Marks, including any materials and uses of the Marks in digital, electronic, computerized, or 
other form (FA, Section 8.2). 
5. Will maintain the ESA Website to advertise, market and promote the Brand Hotels (and, at our option, 
Network Hotels). We may provide each participating Brand Hotel a page on the ESA Website (FA, 
Section 8.3). 
6. Will promote the general public recognition of the Marks and use of the Brand Hotels (FA, Section 9). 
7. May recommend pricing, but you are responsible for setting your own room rates and prices for all 
products and services at the Hotel, including any prices or rates that appear in the Reservation Service 
(FA, Section 5.7).  
8. May make changes to the System and the Standards, including material changes, additions, 
substitutions or deletions, at our sole discretion at any time and from time to time (FA, Section 7.1).  
9. May require you to use certain administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control 
procedures (FA, Section 10.1).   
