31 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
seq., Section 311 of the Clean Water Act, 15 U.S.C.  § 2601 et seq., 33 U.S.C. § 
1251 et seq., 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq. and the regulations and publications issued 
under any such laws, (B) petroleum, radon gas, lead based paint, asbestos or 
asbestos containing material and polychlorinated biphenyls and (C) mold, fungus, 
other biological agents, in each case the presence of which may adversely affect the 
health of individuals which may exist at the Hotel. 
(ii) 
The economic feasibility, cash flow and expenses of the Assets, and 
habitability, merchantability, fitness, suitability and adequacy of the Hotel for any 
particular use or purpose. 
(iii) 
The compliance or non-compliance of Seller or the operation of the 
Hotel or any part thereof in accordance with, and the contents of, (A) all codes, 
laws, ordinances, regulations, agreements, licenses, permits, approvals and 
applications of or with any Governmental Authorities asserting jurisdiction over 
the Hotel, including, without limitation, those relating to zoning, land use, building, 
public works, parking, fire and police access, handicap access, life safety, 
subdivision and subdivision sales, and Hazardous Materials, dangerous, and toxic 
substances, materials, conditions or waste, including, without limitation, the 
presence of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or about the Hotel that would cause 
state or federal agencies to order a cleanup of the Hotel under any applicable legal 
requirements and (B) all agreements, covenants, conditions, restrictions (public or 
private), condominium plans, development agreements, site plans, building 
permits, building rules, and other instruments and documents governing or 
affecting the use, management, and operation of the Hotel. 
(iv) 
Those matters referred to in this Agreement and the documents 
listed on the schedules attached hereto and the matters disclosed in the Asset File. 
(v) 
The availability, cost, terms and coverage of liability, hazard, 
comprehensive and any other insurance of or with respect to the Hotel. 
(vi) 
The condition of title to the Hotel, including, without limitation, 
vesting, legal description, matters affecting title, title defects, liens, encumbrances, 
boundaries, encroachments, mineral rights, options, easements, and access; 
violations of restrictive covenants, land use, zoning ordinances, setback lines, or 
development agreements; the availability, cost, and coverage of title insurance; 
leases, rental agreements, occupancy agreements, rights of parties in possession of, 
using, or occupying the Hotel; and standby fees, taxes, bonds and assessments.  
SECTION 1.25
Release.  Buyer hereby agrees that Seller, and each 
of its partners, members, trustees, directors, officers, employees, representatives, 
property managers, asset managers, agents, attorneys, Affiliates and related entities, 
heirs, successors, and assigns (collectively, including Seller, the “Releasees”) shall 
be, and are hereby, fully and forever released and discharged from any and all 
liabilities, losses, claims (including third party claims), demands, damages (of any 
nature whatsoever), causes of action, costs, penalties, fines, judgments, reasonable 
