18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
9.4 
Modification or Discontinuation of Marks. Franchisor in its sole discretion may modify, 
discontinue, add to, or substitute for, any of the Marks or adopt entirely different or new Marks, all without 
any liability to Franchisee for doing so. Franchisee will implement any such modifications, 
discontinuations, additions, or substitutions at Franchisee’s expense in accordance with Franchisor’s 
instructions and within the time period Franchisor may specify. 
9.5 
Ownership After Termination or Expiration. Upon the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, Franchisee’s rights to use the Marks will automatically cease and will revert to Franchisor 
without cost and without the execution or delivery of any documentation. Franchisee will execute any 
documents that Franchisor requires to confirm that all such rights have ceased and reverted to Franchisor. 
9.6 
Improvements. If Franchisee develops any Improvements to the System, Franchisee must 
promptly notify Franchisor of such Improvements and provide Franchisor with all information regarding 
such Improvement. Any Improvements Franchisee develops or proposes are hereby automatically and 
irrevocably assigned to Franchisor, without payment of any compensation to Franchisee. If any 
Improvements may be protected by trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, or otherwise, then upon 
Franchisor’s requirement, Franchisee will execute (and will cause each of Franchisee’s employees or 
independent contractors who contributed to such Improvements to execute) such documentation as 
Franchisor may require in its sole discretion to transfer ownership of the Improvements to Franchisor and 
confirm Franchisor’s ownership rights to them, including without limitation work for hire and assignment 
of rights agreements, non-compete agreements, and confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
10. 
RECORDS AND AUDITS 
10.1 
Maintenance of Books, Records, Accounts. Franchisee must maintain and preserve 
complete, timely and accurate books, records, and accounts for the Hotel in accordance with the Uniform 
System, the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, the Laws, and the Standards (which 
may include equipment, software and network requirements applicable to books, records and accounts), for 
at least five (5) years from their dates of preparation. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisee’s 
compliance with the foregoing obligation is a material condition of this Agreement. 
10.2 
Accounting Statements. 
10.2.1 Upon Franchisor’s requirement, Franchisee must provide Franchisor with reports, 
records, information and data, including an operating statement containing Operating Revenue, Gross 
Room Revenue, and all other information that Franchisor requires, in such form and degree of detail as 
Franchisor requires. 
10.2.2 Upon Franchisor’s requirement, Franchisee must provide Franchisor as soon as 
available, but not later than ninety (90) days after the end of Franchisee’s fiscal year, with complete financial 
statements for the year, which Franchisee must certify as true and correct. The financial statements must be 
prepared in accordance with the Uniform System and the United States Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles, the Laws, and the Standards. Franchisee must also promptly provide Franchisor with any other 
reports and financial information relating to Franchisee and the Hotel that Franchisor requires. 
10.3 
Lender Information. Upon Franchisor’s requirement, Franchisee must provide Franchisor 
with current contact information for each Lender and any change in the Lender’s information. Franchisee 
must promptly send Franchisor a copy of any notice of default, notice of termination, or other exercise of 
any default rights or remedies that Franchisee receives from or delivers to any Lender, along with all other 
