40 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(plus any late fees and penalties resulting from Buyer’s failure to pay such Trade Payables when 
due); provided, however, Seller and Buyer shall reprorate the amount of credit for any Trade 
Payables and pay any deficiency in the original proration to the other party promptly upon receipt 
of the actual bill for such goods or services.  Seller shall receive a credit for all advance payments 
or deposits made with respect to FF&E, Retail Merchandise, Property and Equipment, Inventories 
and other property ordered, but not delivered to the Hotel prior to the Cut-Off Time, and Buyer 
shall pay the amounts which become due and payable for such FF&E, Retail Merchandise, 
Property and Equipment, Inventories and other property which were ordered but not delivered 
prior to the Cut-Off time. 
(m) 
Cash.  Seller shall receive a credit for all cash on hand at the Hotel and all 
cash on deposit in any house bank at the Hotel as of the Closing (such credit to be determined at 
the Cut-Off Time).  Seller shall retain all amounts in any operating accounts of the Hotel in any 
bank, and there shall be no credit or adjustment hereunder with respect to such cash; provided, 
however, Seller shall receive a credit for any reserve fund or account established pursuant to the 
terms of the Management Agreement which Seller transfers to Buyer at Closing, if any. 
(n) 
Employee Compensation.  Seller shall be responsible for the following 
liabilities to or respecting Employees having accrued prior to the Cut-Off Time: all Employees’ 
wages, bonuses, pension benefits, together with F.I.C.A. unemployment and other taxes and 
benefits due from any employer of such Employees excluding accrued sick leave and accrued but 
unearned vacation pay.  Buyer shall be responsible for all other liabilities to or respecting 
Employees, whether having accrued prior to or after the Cut-Off Time.  Buyer shall be responsible 
for all severance payments for Transferred Employees arising on or after the Closing and for all 
Employees not offered employment by Buyer (or its manager) as of the Closing on the same terms 
as those provided to such Employees by Manager on the day immediately preceding the Closing 
Date. 
(o) 
Space Leases.  All rents and other amounts prepaid, accrued or due and 
payable under any of the Space Leases shall be prorated as of the Cut-Off Time between Seller 
and Buyer.  Buyer shall receive a credit for all security deposits, if any, held by Seller. 
(p) 
Other.  If applicable, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted at Closing to 
reflect the adjustment of any other item which, (i) under the express terms of this Agreement, is to 
be apportioned at Closing to effectuate the intent that, except as otherwise expressly provided 
herein, all items of operating revenue and operating expense of the Assets prior to the Cut-Off 
Time shall be for account of and paid by Seller and all items of operating revenue and operating 
expense of the Assets with respect to the period after the Cut-Off Time shall be for the account of 
and paid by Buyer, or (ii) is customarily prorated at the closing of similar transactions. 
SECTION 1.34
Accounts Receivable.   
(a)
Guest Ledger.  All revenues received or to be received from transient guests 
on account of room rents for the period prior to and including the Cut-Off Time shall belong to 
Seller.  At Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit in an amount equal to: (i) all in-house guest folio 
credit balances (pre-payment of future stay), and (ii) one-half of all amounts charged to the Guest 
Ledger for the room night which includes the Cut-Off Time.  For the period beginning on the day 
