37
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
Pre-Opening Onsite Training
The third part of our required initial training program includes scheduling a pre-opening visit to assist you 
with training your Hotel staff on brand standards, systems and related issues concerning the Hotel’s opening 
(FA Section 6.1). You must pay us a $2,500 fee to cover our travel, lodging, and overhead expenses. The 
trainer will arrive at or before the hotel opening or transfer and typically stays for 2 days.  There are no 
instructional materials or tasks that you must complete to our satisfaction.  As of the date of this disclosure 
document, attendees will be trained on our brand requirements, processes, technology systems, quality 
programs, guest relations procedures and various other topics. However, if we determine (in our sole 
judgment, based on operations at your, or your affiliate’s other System Hotels) that you are capable of 
training your own staff on the brand standards, then you need not pay us the $2,500 pre-opening training 
fee and we will not provide on-site training in connection with the opening of your Hotel. In this 
circumstance you must provide opening training to your Hotel staff according to our brand standard 
requirements. If you are purchasing an existing Brand Hotel and are retaining previously trained associates 
and the General Manager, we may determine (in our sole judgment) that an abbreviated pre-opening visit 
is appropriate.  In this circumstance, your pre-opening training fee will be reduced in proportion to the 
amount of support we provide. 
 
Service Culture Training 
The fourth part of our required initial training program includes a mandatory one-hour ESU Online course 
for each of your associates to be completed within 90 days of hire date. This ESU Online course introduces 
hotel associates to ESA service culture and shares recommendations for exemplary guest service. (FA 
Section 6.1).  Compliance will be tracked via training completion reports and may become a required item 
on the Hotel’s Quality Assurance audit in the future. The initial rollout of this program in Spring 2025 will 
also include complimentary onsite training by ESA personnel and instructional materials will be provided.  
After the initial rollout, you will be responsible for the cost of the workbook materials for your associates. 
Other than described here, there are no instructional materials or tasks that must be completed to our 
satisfaction. 
Diane Marques, Vice President of Training, oversees and directs all of our initial training in coordination 
with our franchise operations team. Ms. Marques has been with ESA Management since April 2023 and 
has over twenty-five years of experience in the hospitality industry. Ms. Marques oversees the team 
responsible for all the training functions at ESA Management. Our instructors assisting in the training will 
have at least one year of experience in the area they are teaching. The ESA Training Program also includes 
unlimited access to the ESA online leaning management system, “ESU Online”, which contains a learning 
library with optional Functional Path Training modules. ESU Online is currently provided at no cost to 
franchisees, but ESA may charge a reasonable fee for ESU Online instruction and course materials in the 
future.  
Other Required Training 
If your Hotel does not pass our Quality Assurance inspection, in addition to our other remedies, we can 
require that you complete remedial training.  (FA, Section 6.2).  The cost for this training is $4,000-$7,500 
and is due on demand but before the training.  Except as described above, no additional training or refresher 
courses are required. 
 
You must provide and facilitate human trafficking awareness training of your choosing to each of your 
hotel associates at least once per calendar year.  You must certify your compliance with this requirement 
each calendar year to us.   
 
