20 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(vii) 
Schedule 4.1(d)(vii) is a complete list of the Buyer’s CEO or key 
person(s), Buyer’s Knowledge Party, the natural person authorized to receive notice 
on behalf of Buyer identified in Section 14.9 and Buyer’s signatory to this 
Agreement . In addition, no natural person owns a twenty-five percent (25%) or 
greater interest in Buyer, directly or indirectly except as disclosed in Schedule 
4.1(d)(vii). 
Buyer has implemented and will continue to implement procedures, and has consistently and will 
continue to consistently apply those procedures, to ensure the foregoing representations and 
warranties remain true and correct at all times prior to and at the Closing.  Buyer shall indemnify, 
defend and hold Seller harmless from and against all fines, penalties, costs, expenses, claims and 
liabilities arising out of or relating to any breaches of the foregoing representations. The foregoing 
representations shall survive Closing and any termination of this Agreement.   
(e)
Franchise Agreement Representations.  Buyer hereby represents and 
warrants to Seller that Buyer (i) has received and reviewed a copy of Franchisor’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document (as hereinafter defined) as of the Effective Date and (ii) knows no reason 
why it would not be approved by Franchisor or as a franchisee of the Hotel pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Existing Franchise Agreement.  
SECTION 1.11
Covenants of Buyer Prior to Closing.   
(a)
Licenses and Permits.  Buyer shall use all commercially reasonable and 
good faith efforts to obtain the transfer of all Licenses and Permits (to the extent transferable) or 
to secure issuance of new licenses and permits.  Buyer, at its cost and expense, shall submit all 
necessary applications and other materials to the appropriate Governmental Authority and take 
such other actions to effect the transfer of the Licenses and Permits or issuance of new licenses 
and permits, as of the Closing, and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts (at no cost or 
expense to Seller) to cooperate with Buyer to cause the Licenses and Permits to be transferred or 
new licenses and permits to be issued to Buyer.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Section 4.2(a), Buyer shall not post any notices at the Hotel or publish any notices required for the 
transfer of the Licenses or Permits or issuance of new licenses and permits without the prior written 
consent of Seller, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld.  It shall not be a condition to 
the Closing hereunder that Buyer has obtained any transfer of Licenses or Permits or issuance of 
any new licenses or permits.  
(b) 
New Merchant Account.  Buyer shall open a new merchant account to 
handle the processing of credit cards at least ten (10) business days prior to the Closing Date and 
provide Seller with satisfactory evidence that a merchant account has been opened.
(c) 
Transfer Agreements.  At least five (5) days prior to the expiration of the 
Due Diligence Period, Buyer shall initiate communications with (i) Velocity a Managed Solutions 
Company, the WiFi and television services provider for the Hotel, and (ii) Thing5 LLC dba Cloud5 
Communications, the telephone services provider for the Hotel (collectively, the “Services 
Providers”), of transferring the services provided at the Hotel by the Service Providers to Buyer 
(the “Service Transfers”). The Service Transfers shall be effective as of Closing.  
