10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
5.3 
Staffing and Employment. The Franchisee or Manager, as applicable, is responsible for 
hiring, terminating, and supervising suitable, qualified and sufficient Hotel staff and is the sole employer 
of the Hotel staff. The Manager’s employees are not Franchisor’s employees, joint or otherwise. Franchisor 
exercises no direction or control over the Franchisee’s or Manager’s, as applicable, employment policies, 
practices, discipline, recruitment or termination or other decisions related to the Hotel. Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee, or Manager, as applicable, is the sole employer of the employees 
working at the Hotel and that Franchisee is solely responsible for all employment decisions, regardless of 
whether Franchisee has received guidance with respect to such matters from Franchisor. Neither Franchisee 
nor any of Franchisee’s employees whose compensation Franchisee pays may in any way, directly or 
indirectly, expressly or by implication, be construed to be Franchisor’s employee for any purpose, including 
but not limited to with respect to any mandated or other insurance coverage, tax or contributions, or 
requirements pertaining to withholdings, levied or fixed by any city, state or federal governmental agency. 
Franchisor will not have the power to hire or fire Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee expressly agrees, and 
will never contend otherwise, that Franchisor’s authority under this Agreement to approve certain of 
Franchisee’s employees for qualification to perform certain functions for the Hotel does not directly or 
indirectly vest in Franchisor the power to hire, fire or control any such employee. Franchisee further agrees 
that any such minimum requirements established by Franchisor are solely for the purpose of ensuring that 
the Hotel is at all times operated in accordance with the Standards and with the attributes of the Brand 
known to, and desired by, the consuming public and associated with the Marks. Moreover, Franchisee 
agrees that any training provided by Franchisor for Franchisee’s employees is intended to impart to those 
employees, under Franchisee’s ultimate authority, the various procedures, protocols, systems and 
operations of the Hotel and in no fashion reflects any employment relationship between Franchisor and 
such employees. Finally, should it ever be asserted that Franchisor is the employer, joint employer or co-
employer of any of Franchisee’s employees in any private or government investigation, action, proceeding, 
arbitration or other setting, Franchisee irrevocably agrees to assist Franchisor in defending said allegation, 
including, if necessary, appearing at any venue requested by Franchisor to testify on Franchisor’s behalf 
and, as may be necessary, submitting itself to depositions, other appearances and/or preparing affidavits 
dismissive of any allegation that Franchisor is the employer, joint employer or co-employer of any of 
Franchisee’s employees. 
5.4 
Systems. Franchisee must purchase, lease, license, subscribe, access and maintain property 
management, revenue management, telephone, telecommunication, entertainment, and high-speed internet 
systems, and other computer and technology systems, services, hardware, software, networks and 
connectivity on required terms and conditions including fees and charges and including those in the Hotel 
Technology Agreement, which Franchisee must execute, and Standards, each as Franchisor requires in its 
discretion, including any replacements, additions, enhancements, supplements, fixes, patches, updates, 
modifications, or variants that may be developed during the Term. 
5.5 
Reservation Service. Franchisee must participate in the Reservation Service that 
Franchisor designates, including any replacements, additions, enhancements, supplements, fixes, patches, 
updates, modifications, or variants that Franchisor may develop or adopt, and must honor and give first 
priority for available rooms to all confirmed reservations booked through the Reservation Service. 
Franchisee must exclusively use only the Reservation Service for Hotel bookings, unless Franchisor 
approves in its sole discretion other reservation services or systems. From time to time, additional 
reservation, sales, revenue management, call center, point of sale, and other services and systems may be 
offered or required and Franchisee will comply with all terms and conditions thereof, including execution 
of required agreements and payment of all required fees and costs. 
