15 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and 
Obstruct Terrorism Action of 2001, Public Law 107-56 and Executive Order No. 
13224 (Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who 
Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism) (the “Executive Order”) 
(collectively, the “Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws”). 
(ii) 
None of Seller or, to Seller’s Knowledge, its Affiliates, is acting, 
directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics 
traffickers, including those persons or entities that appear on the Annex to the 
Executive Order, or are included on any relevant lists maintained by the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control of U.S. Department of Treasury, U.S. Department of State, 
or other U.S. government agencies, all as may be amended from time to time. 
(iii) 
None of Seller or, to Seller’s Knowledge, its Affiliates or, without 
inquiry, any of its brokers or other agents, in any capacity in connection with the 
sale of the Hotel (A) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any 
contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person included 
in the lists set forth in the preceding paragraph; (B) deals in, or otherwise engages 
in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant 
to the Executive Order; or (C) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction 
that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to 
violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-
Terrorism Laws. 
(iv) 
Seller understands and acknowledges that Buyer may become 
subject to further anti-money laundering regulations, and agrees to execute 
instruments, provide information, or perform any other acts as may reasonably be 
requested by Buyer, for the purpose of: (A) carrying out due diligence as may be 
required by Applicable Law to establish Seller’s identity and source of funds; 
(B) maintaining records of such identities and sources of funds, or verifications or 
certifications as to the same; and (C) taking any other actions as may be required to 
comply with and remain in compliance with anti-money laundering regulations 
applicable to Seller.
(v)
Neither Seller, nor, to Seller’s Knowledge, any person controlling 
or controlled by Seller, is a country, territory, individual or entity named on a 
Government List, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and 
amounts committed with respect thereto, were not and are not derived from any 
activities that contravene any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism 
Laws or any other applicable anti-money laundering or anti-bribery Applicable 
Laws and regulations (including funds being derived from any person, entity, 
country or territory on a Government List or engaged in any unlawful activity 
defined under Title 18 of the United States Code, Section 1956(c)(7)). 
SECTION 1.7
Representations and Warranties of Seller as to the 
Assets.  Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as follows with respect to 
the Assets:
