35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
20.3 
Interpretation. Headings of Sections are for convenience and are not to be used to 
interpret the Sections to which they refer. All Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement are incorporated 
by reference. Words indicating the singular include the plural and vice versa as the context may require. 
References to days, months, and years are all calendar references unless otherwise specified. Franchisor 
and Franchisee intend that this Agreement excludes all implied terms to the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable Law. References that a Person “will” do something mean the Person has an obligation to do such 
thing. References that a Person “may” do something mean a Person has the right, but not the obligation, to 
do so. References that a Person “may not” or “will not” do something mean the Person is prohibited from 
doing so. Examples used in this Agreement and references to “includes” and “including” are illustrative 
and not exhaustive. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any approval or consent required under 
this Agreement will not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the duly authorized officer or agent 
of the party giving such approval or consent. Franchisor will not be liable for: (i) providing or withholding 
any approval or consent; (ii) providing any suggestion to Franchisee; (iii) any delay; or (iv) denial of any 
request. In no event may Franchisee make any Claim for money damages based on any claim or assertion 
that Franchisor has unreasonably withheld, delayed and/or denied any consent or approval under this 
Agreement. Franchisee waives any such Claim for damages. Franchisee may not claim any such damages 
by way of setoff, counterclaim or defense. This Agreement is binding on the Parties hereto and their 
respective executors, administrators, heirs, assigns, and successors in interest. Nothing in this Agreement 
will be deemed to confer any rights or remedies on any person or legal entity not a Party hereto, other than 
successors and assigns for any Party to this Agreement whose interest are assigned in accordance with its 
terms and intended third party beneficiaries. 
20.4 
Force Majeure. The obligations of Franchisor to perform any specific covenant under this 
Agreement within a specified time shall be extended for a period of time equivalent to the period of delay 
caused by Force Majeure (except to the extent otherwise specified herein). If at any time during the Term 
Franchisee cannot operate the Hotel in accordance with this Agreement due to Force Majeure, or if it 
becomes necessary, in Franchisor’s opinion, to cease operation of the Hotel in order to protect the Hotel or 
the health, safety, and welfare of Hotel guests or Hotel employees due to the occurrence of a Force Majeure 
event, then, subject to Sections 13.1 and 13.2, Franchisee will upon Franchisor’s requirement close and 
cease or partially cease operation of all or any part of the Hotel as necessary based on the occurrence of the 
Force Majeure event, reopening and recommencing operation of the Hotel when Franchisee certifies to 
Franchisor for Franchisor’s approval that operations can be reopened and recommenced pursuant to the 
Laws and without jeopardy to the Hotel, Hotel guests, Hotel employees, or the goodwill of the Marks. 
20.5 
No Third-Party Beneficiary. Except for the Indemnitees, there are no third-party 
beneficiaries to this Agreement. 
20.6 
Waiver. All modifications, waivers, approvals and consents of or under this Agreement by 
Franchisor must be in writing and signed by Franchisor’s authorized representative to be effective. 
Franchisor will not be deemed to have waived any right reserved by this Agreement by virtue of any custom 
or practice of the Parties at variance with said reserved right; any failure, refusal, or neglect by Franchisor 
to exercise any right under this Agreement, or to insist upon exact compliance by Franchisee with its 
obligations hereunder; any waiver, forbearance, delay, failure, or omission by Franchisor to exercise any 
right, whether of the same, similar, or different nature, with respect to Franchisee; or the acceptance by 
Franchisor of any payments due from Franchisee after any breach of this Agreement. The failure or delay 
of Franchisor to insist on strict performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, or to exercise any right 
or remedy, will not be a waiver of future performance of that provision beyond the waiver and/or any other 
provision of this Agreement. If Franchisee fails to notify Franchisor in writing of an alleged 
misrepresentation, violation of law, deficiency, or breach of this Agreement within one (1) year from the 
