23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
14.3.1.5  A general release by Franchisee and all Equity Owners of all Claims 
against Franchisor and its Affiliates and the respective officers, directors, agents, and employees of 
Franchisor and its Affiliates; and 
14.3.1.6  The submission and approval of a new application and the execution of 
a new Agreement by the transferee on Franchisor’s then-current terms and conditions, including a 
conversion or relicensing plan, and the payment of Franchisor’s then-current initial franchise fee. 
14.3.2 Does not consent to the Transfer, in which case the Transfer would constitute a 
default under this Agreement. In such event, without limitation, the Agreement is subject to termination, 
the transferee has no right to use the System and may not operate the Hotel under the System, and Franchisee 
is responsible for all post-termination obligations hereunder. 
14.4 
Transfer Upon Death. Upon the death or mental incapacity of a person with a Controlling 
Equity Interest in Franchisee or one of Franchisee’s Controlling Equity Owners, that person’s executor, 
administrator, or personal representative (“Representative”) must, within three (3) months after the date 
of death or mental incompetency, transfer the person’s Equity Interest to a third party, subject to 
Franchisor’s approval and the conditions set forth in Section 14.3. If the transferee is an heir or beneficiary 
who is a Sanctioned Person or Competitor, the Representative will have six (6) months from the date of 
death or mental incompetency to dispose of the interest, subject to Franchisor’s approval. Franchisor may 
terminate this Agreement if a transfer fails to occur in compliance with this Agreement within the required 
time period. 
14.5 
Securities Offerings and Disclosures. 
14.5.1 Offering of Securities. Neither Franchisee nor any Controlling Equity Owner 
may, without Franchisor’s written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion, offer any ownership interests or 
other securities in a public offering requiring a registration statement with any competent Governmental 
Entity or in a private placement. 
14.5.2 Offering Materials. In the event of an public offering or private placement 
approved by Franchisor, Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior written approval in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion of all disclosure documents and other written or electronic materials that Franchisee or any Equity 
Owner (or any agents or representative of either of them) intends to provide to any offeree or prospective 
purchaser of any ownership interests or other securities in Franchisee or in any Equity Owner (if that owner 
is an entity) if such documents or materials contain information about Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates, 
this Agreement, Franchisor’s relationship with Franchisee, the Brand Hotels, or other Network Hotels 
(collectively “Offering Materials”). No Offering Materials may: (i) imply or state (by use of the Marks or 
otherwise) that Franchisor or its Affiliates are participating in such offering or placement, including 
participation as an underwriter, issuer, or representative of Franchisee; (ii) suggest that Franchisor or its 
Affiliates endorse the offering or agree with any financial projections; or (iii) otherwise contain any 
information about Franchisor or its Affiliates, this Agreement and the Other Agreements, Franchisor’s 
relationship with Franchisee or the Brand Hotels or other Network Hotels that Franchisor disapproves in 
its sole discretion. At least fifteen (15) days prior to the effective date of such offering or placement, 
Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with a signed, written certification by Franchisee that Franchisee has 
complied with all of these requirements. By reviewing and approving the Offering Materials, Franchisor 
will not in any way endorse the offering or represent that Franchisee or Franchisee’s Equity Owner has 
complied or is complying with Laws. Franchisee must pay all of Franchisor’s actual costs (including, but 
not limited to attorneys’ fees) of reviewing the proposed Offering Materials. Franchisor may require 
