H-37 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD 
Exhibit H (2025) 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year 
(an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition 
covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee 
under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the party 
seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be 
adjusted annually for inflation).  As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise 
agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in 
Washington. 
 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a 
franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor 
or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in 
Washington. 
3. 
GRANT OF LICENSE.  The following language is deleted from the last paragraph of 
Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
and Franchisee acknowledges that there are no express or implied territorial rights 
or agreements between the parties except as stated in this Section.
 
4. 
INDEMNIFICATION BY FRANCHISEE.  The following language is added to 
the end of Section 17.1 of the Franchise Agreement: 
The Franchisee’s indemnification obligation does not extend to liabilities caused 
by Franchisor’s acts or omissions amounting to gross negligence, willful 
misconduct, strict liability, or fraud. 
 
5. 
NO RELIANCE.  Section 20.10.2 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement. 
 
6. 
BUSINESS RISK.  Section 20.10.3 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement. 
7.  
DISCLOSURE.  Section 20.10.4 is hereby deleted from the Franchise Agreement
 
8. 
ADDITIONAL.  The following language is deleted from Section 20.10.7 of the 
Franchise Agreement: 
 
With the exception of claims related to representations contained in the franchise 
disclosure document for the Brand, Franchisee, on Franchisee’s own behalf and on 
behalf of, as applicable, Franchisee’s officers, directors, managers, employees, 
heirs, administrators, executors, agents and representatives and their respective 
successors and assigns hereby release, remise, acquit and forever discharge 
Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates and Franchisor’s and Affiliates’ respective 
officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, representatives and their 
respective successors and assigns from any and all actions, claims, causes of action, 
