19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
information that Franchisor requires about the default or termination. Franchisor may distribute and share 
information with any Lender, supplier, or other vendor concerning Franchisee or the Hotel. 
10.4 
Audit. During the Term and for two (2) years afterward, Franchisor may verify 
information, processes and procedures required under this Agreement by examining any and all records 
referred to in this Agreement. Any onsite examination will take place during regular business hours at the 
location where the records are located or wherever else Franchisor requires. Franchisor may require access 
to the Hotel including complimentary guest rooms and to Hotel equipment, systems and personnel. 
Franchisor may also perform an audit of the Site’s books and records remotely or electronically without 
advance notice or Franchisee’s knowledge. Franchisee’s staff must cooperate with and assist Franchisor’s 
auditors to perform any audit. At Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, Franchisee will promptly correct any 
deficiencies identified in such audits according to any timetables included in audit reports. If the 
examination discloses a deficiency in any payments due, and the deficiency is not offset by overpayment, 
Franchisee will immediately pay Franchisor the deficiency and interest as provided in Section 3.5. If the 
examination discloses a deficiency, or if the examination indicates insufficient accounting procedures to 
determine the accuracy of the payment calculations, Franchisee will reimburse Franchisor for Franchisor’s 
costs incurred in conducting the examination (including accounting and legal fees). Franchisor’s acceptance 
of audit fees or deficiency payments will not waive Franchisor’s rights to pursue a default under this 
Agreement. If the examination discloses an overpayment, Franchisor will credit the overpayment amount, 
without interest, against future payments due under this Agreement, without interest, or, if this Agreement 
has terminated or expired, will promptly refund the overpayment, without interest, to Franchisee. 
11. 
INSURANCE 
During the Term, Franchisee will procure and maintain insurance at Franchisee’s expense with the 
coverages, deductibles, limits, carrier ratings, and policy obligations required by the Standards. Such 
insurance requirements may include: property insurance including business interruption, earthquake, flood, 
terrorism and windstorm; workers’ compensation; commercial general liability; business auto liability; 
umbrella or excess liability; fidelity coverage; employment practices liability; cyber liability; and such other 
insurance customarily carried on hotels similar to the Hotel. Franchisor may change such requirements in 
the Standards and may also require Franchisee to obtain additional types of insurance or increase the amount 
of coverages. All insurance policies must:  (i) (except for workers’ compensation and fidelity insurance) 
name as unrestricted additional insureds Franchisor, any Indemnitee that Franchisor designates, and 
Franchisor’s respective employees and agents; (ii) provide that the coverages will be primary and that any 
insurance carried by any additional insured will be excess and non-contributory; (iii) contain a waiver of 
subrogation in favor of Franchisor and Franchisor’s designated Affiliates, as applicable; and (iv) provide 
that the policies will not be canceled, non-renewed, or reduced without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written 
notice to Franchisor. Franchisee must furnish Franchisor with certificates of insurance evidencing these 
requirements (e.g., terms, limits, and names of insurers). Renewal certificates of insurance will be delivered 
to Franchisor not less than 10 days before their respective inception dates. If Franchisee fails to procure or 
maintain the required insurance, Franchisor may, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, upon ten (10) days’ written 
notice to Franchisee, procure and maintain the required insurance without notice to Franchisee and may 
require Franchisee to reimburse Franchisor for all related costs and fees of doing so. If Franchisee delegates 
its insurance obligations to any other Person, Franchisee will ensure that such Person satisfies such 
obligations. Such delegation will not relieve Franchisee of its obligations under this Agreement and the 
Standards. Any failure to satisfy the insurance requirements is a default under this Agreement. Franchisee 
will cooperate with Franchisor in pursuing any Claim under insurance required by this Agreement. 
