26
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
If we designate a supplier in the future from whom you must procure Supplies, we expect to provide the 
criteria upon which we designate the supplier, your ability to purchase from alternative suppliers, and any 
procedures (including, required fees, timing, and the revocation of approval) for the purchase from 
alternative suppliers. None of our officers owns an interest in any approved supplier of the System. 
You must carry workers’ compensation insurance that meets state requirements. You must carry employer’s 
liability insurance of $5,000,000 per occurrence and $1,000,000 per accident, per disease, and per 
employee. You must carry general liability insurance of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence. You must 
carry auto liability insurance of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence.  You must carry property insurance at 
a minimum to cover the full replacement cost of the Hotel or limits sufficient to avoid co-insurance. Your 
business interruption coverage must cover at least 12 months of lost profits including fees payable to us.  
Your earthquake and flood coverage must cover not less than 75% of the replacement cost of your Hotel if 
your Hotel is in an earthquake or flood hazard area. You must carry boiler and machinery insurance to cover 
full replacement of damaged items plus lost profits and fees payable to us. You must maintain terrorism 
coverage at a minimum of full replacement cost of the Hotel plus recovery of lost profits and continuing 
expenses.  You must carry crime coverage at a minimum commensurate with risk associated with your 
Hotel. You must carry cyber liability insurance of at least $3,000,000 per occurrence in the aggregate.  You 
must carry employment practices liability insurance of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence.  All insurance 
must be issued by insurers with an A.M. Best Rating of A- or better, a financial size category of VII or 
better, and who are licensed in the state in which the Hotel is located. 
The architect you use for the design of your Hotel must be approved by us before use.   
We have only one approved supplier of the property management system and revenue management 
software you will use at your Hotel and only one approved supplier for your centralized reservation system.  
We also only have one approved supplier for the credit card terminals,credit card payment processing 
services, digital credit card authorizations, and inbound and outbound call routing. 
If you elect to use an information technology vendor that we have not approved to provide services at the 
Hotel, you must pay us an Information Technology Certification Fee plus reimburse us for any third party 
expenses to approve the vendor.   
Purchases from Us or Our Affiliates 
Except as described below, there are currently no Supplies that we require you to purchase from us or our 
affiliates. We expect to earn a profit on any Supplies or other items that you purchase from us or our 
affiliates.   
In 2024, our affiliate, ESA Management, received $2,510,895 in revenue related to the provision of 
management services to a limited number of our franchisee-owned EXTENDED STAY AMERICA 
SUITES hotels.  System suppliers attending our annual franchisee conference make contributions to us 
(which do not derive from franchisee purchases) that we use to defray your and other franchisees’ costs of 
attending these functions. Last year we received $80,000.00 in contributions from our suppliers to support 
our 2024 Franchise Owner’s Conference. Otherwise, neither we nor our affiliates had any revenues from 
any goods, services or Supplies that we or our affiliates sold to franchisees operating under the Brand in 
2024 except for revenue on sales of items where we acted as a pass through and passed the payment from 
the franchisee to the supplier.   
You may have the option to take advantage of favorable pricing and terms that we negotiate with suppliers 
for certain Supplies and you may also be required to participate in certain affiliation or marketing programs. 
We and our affiliates may derive discounts, rebates commissions, promotional allowances and other 
