14 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
and shall not in any way modify, amend or supersede this Agreement. Formal tender of an executed 
deed or the Purchase Price is hereby waived.
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF SELLER 
SECTION 1.6
General Seller Representations and Warranties.  
Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as to itself as follows:
(a)
Formation; Existence.  Seller is a limited liability company, duly formed, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and authorized to 
transact business in the State of [State of Asset]. 
(b)
Power and Authority.  Seller has all requisite power and authority to enter 
into this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions provided for in this Agreement have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action on the part of Seller.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by 
Seller and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against Seller in 
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights and by general principles of 
equity (whether applied in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
(c)
No Consents.  No consent, license, approval, order, permit or authorization 
of, or registration, filing or declaration with, any court, administrative agency or commission or 
other Governmental Authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, is required to be obtained 
or made by Seller in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
or any of the transactions required or contemplated hereby, except for any consent or approval 
required in connection with the transfer of the Operating Contracts, the Equipment Leases, the 
Licenses and Permits and any warranties. 
(d) 
No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and compliance with, and 
performance of the terms and provisions of, this Agreement, and the sale of the Assets, will not, 
in any material respect, (i) conflict with or result in any violation of its organizational documents, 
(ii) conflict with or result in any violation of any provision of any bond, note or other instrument 
of indebtedness, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other 
agreement or instrument to which it is a party in its individual capacity, or (iii) violate any existing 
term or provision of any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, statute, law, rule or regulation 
applicable to it or its assets or properties.
(e)
Foreign Person.  Seller is not a “foreign person” as defined in Section 1445 
of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder. 
(f)
Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
(i) 
None of Seller or, to Seller’s Knowledge, its Affiliates, is in 
violation of any laws relating to terrorism, money laundering or the Uniting and 
