35 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(a)
Seller Encumbrances.  As of the Closing, Seller shall obtain releases of or 
cause Title Company to insure over or against (i) the deeds of trust or mortgages created by Seller 
encumbering the Hotel, (ii) the Operating Lease, and (iii) any liens encumbering the Hotel 
affirmatively placed on the Hotel by Seller after the effective date of the Title Commitment (“Seller 
Encumbrances”). Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement (including, without 
limitation, the first sentence of this Section 8.3(a), and the entirety of Section 8.3(c)), Seller shall 
not be required to take or bring any action or proceeding or any other steps to remove any title 
exception or to expend any moneys therefor, nor shall Buyer have any right of action against Seller, 
at law or in equity, for Seller’s inability to convey title subject only to the Permitted Exceptions. 
(b) 
Rights of Termination. In the event that Seller is unable to convey title 
subject only to the Permitted Exceptions, and Buyer has not, prior to the Closing Date, given notice 
to Seller that Buyer is willing to waive objection to each title exception which is not a Permitted 
Exception, Seller shall have the right, in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion, to (i) take such action 
as Seller shall deem advisable to attempt to discharge or cause Title Company to insure over or 
against each such title exception which is not a Permitted Exception or (ii) terminate this 
Agreement.  In the event that Seller shall elect to attempt to discharge or cause Title Company to 
insure over or against such title exceptions which are not Permitted Exceptions, Seller shall be 
entitled to one or more adjournments of the Closing Date for a period not to exceed sixty (60) days 
in the aggregate.  If, for any reason whatsoever, Seller has not discharged or caused Title Company 
to insure over or against such title exceptions which are not Permitted Exceptions prior to the 
expiration of the last of such adjournments, and if Buyer is not willing to waive objection to such 
title exceptions, this Agreement shall be terminated as of the expiration of the last of such 
adjournments.  In the event of a termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.3(b), the 
Deposit shall be refunded to Buyer and neither party shall have any further rights or obligations 
hereunder except for those that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement.  Nothing in 
this clause (b) shall require Seller, despite any election by Seller to attempt to discharge or cause 
Title Company to insure over or against any title exceptions, to take or bring any action or 
proceeding or any other steps to remove any title exception or to expend any moneys therefor, 
other than with respect to the Seller Encumbrances and the Post Effective Date Monetary 
Encumbrances (as hereinafter defined).   
(c) 
Post Effective Date Monetary Encumbrance.  At the Closing, in addition to 
releasing or causing Title Company to insure over or against any Seller Encumbrances which 
Buyer does not waive its objection to pursuant to Section 8.3(b), Seller shall obtain a release of or 
cause Title Company to insure over or against any lien (other than liens that constitute Permitted 
Exceptions) encumbering the Hotel after the effective date of the Title Commitment which may 
be removed or insured over solely by the payment of a sum of money (a “Post Effective Date 
Monetary Encumbrance”); provided that Seller shall not be obligated to spend more than Fifty 
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($50,000.00) in the aggregate to remove or insure over or against 
any Post-Effective Date Monetary Encumbrances, unless such Post-Effective Date Monetary 
Encumbrances were created by or expressly consented to by Seller. 
(d) 
Endorsements. Buyer shall be entitled to request that the Title Company 
provide such endorsements (or amendments) to the Title Policy as Buyer may reasonably require, 
provided that (i) such endorsements (or amendments) shall be at no cost to, and shall impose no 
additional liability or obligation on, Seller, (ii) Buyer’s obligations under this Agreement shall not 
