22 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
operating unit or employee affected by this Agreement, including but not limited to liability under 
the WARN Act that arises in whole or in part as a result of any “employment loss”, as that term is 
defined in the WARN Act, which was caused or directed by Buyer or its manager or their Affiliates 
subsequent to the Closing Date.   
(e)
No Third Party Beneficiaries.  Nothing in this Section 4.3 shall create any 
third-party beneficiary rights for the benefit of any employees of the Hotel or Manager or its 
affiliates.  Buyer and Seller acknowledge that all provisions set forth in this Section 4.3 with 
respect to employees are included for the sole benefit of Buyer (and Buyer’s Affiliates, as 
applicable) and Seller (and Seller’s or Manager’s Affiliates, as applicable) and shall not be deemed 
to constitute an amendment to any employee benefit plan or create any right (i) in any other person, 
including any employees, former employees, or any beneficiary thereof or (ii) to employment or 
continued employment with Buyer or any of its Affiliates, managers or contractors following the 
Closing Date. 
(f)
Survival.  The provisions of this Section 4.3 shall survive the Closing 
without limitation. 
SECTION 1.13
Bookings.  Buyer shall honor all existing Bookings 
and all other Bookings made in accordance with this Agreement for any period on 
or after the Closing Date.  The provisions of this Section 4.4 shall survive the 
Closing without limitation.
SECTION 1.14
Franchise Agreement.   
(a)
[Intentionally Omitted].   
(b) 
Franchise Approval. No later than three (3) Business Days after the 
Effective Date, Buyer shall (i) complete and submit to Franchisor its then-current form of 
application for a new franchise agreement (for a term to be determined by Franchisor) and 
Franchisor’s then-current questionnaire as contemplated by its then-current franchise disclosure 
document (the “Franchise Disclosure Document”), and (ii) pay all applicable franchise application 
fees to Franchisor set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document for approval of Buyer as a new 
franchisee under the “Extended Stay America Suites” brand (the “Franchise Approval”), which 
Franchise Approval, shall contemplate the execution by and between Franchisor and Buyer of a 
new franchise agreement (together with such other agreements required by Franchisor including 
the Franchisor’s property improvement plan, the “New Franchise Agreement”), as required by 
Franchisor as a condition to the Franchise Approval including, but not limited to, (A) providing to 
Franchisor in a timely fashion all documents, information and representations and warranties 
required by Franchisor (including, without limitation, any information relating to Buyer, its 
ownership, hotel management company and personnel, or any guarantor of Buyer’s obligations 
under the New Franchise Agreement, if any), (B) the agreement of Buyer to pay Franchisor’s 
franchise application fee provided in the Franchise Disclosure Document and any and all costs 
associated with any property improvement plan required by Franchisor to be carried out by Seller 
or Buyer as a condition to issuing the New Franchise Agreement to Buyer in accordance with the 
Franchise Disclosure Document, (C) seeking Franchisor’s approval of Buyer or any reputable 
third-party manager as the manager of the Hotel from and after the Closing (for the avoidance of 
