30 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
SECTION 2.4, 7.1(a), SECTION 8.2(a), SECTION 8.2(b), SECTION 8.3(b), SECTION 9.2(b), 
SECTION 12.2(a) and SECTION 12.2(b).  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that, except as 
expressly set forth herein, Seller makes no representations or warranties whatsoever, whether 
express or implied or arising by operation of law, with respect to the Assets or the Condition of 
the Assets.  BUYER AGREES THAT THE ASSETS WILL BE SOLD AND CONVEYED TO 
(AND ACCEPTED BY) BUYER AT THE CLOSING IN THE THEN EXISTING CONDITION 
OF THE ASSETS, AS IS, WHERE IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND WITHOUT ANY WRITTEN 
OR VERBAL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED OR ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, other than as expressly set 
forth in Section 3.1 and Section 3.2.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as 
expressly set forth in Section 3.1 and Section 3.2, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
are without statutory, express or implied warranty, representation, agreement, statement or 
expression of opinion of or with respect to the Condition of the Assets or any aspect thereof, 
including, without limitation, (i) any and all statutory, express or implied representations or 
warranties related to the suitability for habitation, merchantability, or fitness for a particular 
purpose, (ii) any statutory, express or implied representations or warranties created by any 
affirmation of fact or promise, by any description of the Assets or by operation of law and (iii) all 
other statutory, express or implied representations or warranties by Seller whatsoever.  Buyer 
acknowledges that Buyer has knowledge and expertise in financial and business matters that enable 
Buyer to evaluate the merits and risks of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  The 
provisions of this Section 7.2 shall survive the Closing without limitation and shall not be deemed 
merged into any instrument or conveyance delivered at the Closing. 
(b) 
Condition of the Asset. For purposes of this Agreement, the term 
“Condition of the Assets” means the following matters: 
(i) 
The quality, nature and adequacy of the physical condition of the 
Hotel, including, without limitation, the quality of the design, labor and materials 
used to construct the improvements included in the Hotel; the condition of 
structural elements, foundations, roofs, glass, mechanical, plumbing, electrical, 
HVAC, sewage, and utility components and systems; the capacity or availability of 
sewer, water, or other utilities; the geology, flora, fauna, soils, subsurface 
conditions, groundwater, landscaping, and irrigation of or with respect to the Hotel, 
the location of the Hotel in or near any special taxing district, flood hazard zone, 
wetlands area, protected habitat, geological fault or subsidence zone, hazardous 
waste disposal or clean-up site, or other special area, the existence, location, or 
condition of ingress, egress, access, and parking; the condition of the personal 
property and any fixtures; the presence of any bedbugs, rodents, or other pests; and 
the presence of any asbestos or other Hazardous Materials, dangerous, or toxic 
substance, material or waste in, on, under or about the Hotel and the improvements 
located thereon.  “Hazardous Materials” means (A) those substances included 
within the definitions of any one or more of the terms “hazardous substances,” 
“toxic pollutants”, “hazardous materials”, “toxic substances”, and “hazardous 
waste” in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. § 9601 et seq. (as amended), the Hazardous Materials 
Transportation Act, as amended, 49 U.S.C. Sections 1801 et seq., the Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et 
