 
44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
“Franchise Disclosure Document” means that certain document that Franchisor provides to prospective 
franchisees of Brand Hotels as required by the trade regulation rule of the Federal Trade Commission 
entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning Franchising”.  
“Franchisee” has the meaning defined in the preamble to this Agreement and set forth in Item 4 of Exhibit 
A. 
“Franchisor” has the meaning defined in the preamble to this Agreement and set forth in Item 2 of Exhibit 
A. 
“Government or Government Entity” means:  (i) any agency, instrumentality, subdivision or other body 
of any national, regional, local or other government; (ii) any commercial or similar entities owned or 
controlled by such government, including any state-owned and state-operated companies; (iii) any political 
party; and (iv) any public international organization. 
“Gross Room Revenue” when used in the Agreement shall mean revenues attributable to or payable for 
the use or occupancy of the Guestrooms at the Site, including barter and credit transactions (before 
commissions and discounts for payment cards), whether or not collected, revenue derived from the 
redemption of points or rewards under loyalty programs, amounts attributable to meals where the room rate 
includes meals, mandatory guest fees, group booking rebates or commissions, proceeds from any business 
interruption insurance or other loss of income insurance applicable to loss of revenues due to the non-
availability of rooms, and proceeds for guaranteed no-show revenue and other cancellation fees which are 
collected, and any miscellaneous fees charged to all guests regardless of the accounting treatment of such 
fees, but excluding sales taxes, room taxes or other taxes collected by Franchisee from customers for 
transmittal to appropriate taxing authorities. Gross Room Revenue shall also exclude revenue derived from 
vending, laundry exchange, and laundry machines. Subject to the foregoing, Gross Room Revenue shall be 
accounted for in accordance with the Uniform System of Accounts for The Lodging Industry, Eleventh 
Revised Edition, 2014 (the “2014 11th Edition”), as published by the Hotel Association of New York City, 
Inc., except as otherwise provided in the accounting procedures set forth in the Standards; subject, however, 
to the right of Franchisor to designate any subsequent edition or to designate an  alternative accounting 
system. 
 
“Groundbreaking” means the date that footings are poured (or the equivalent thereof) at the Site. 
 
“Guest Data” means information collected from and about current and prospective Hotel guests and 
customers, including: (i) their personally identifiable information (including without limitation name, birth 
date, mailing addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses); (ii) information about their consumer 
preferences; (iii) stay and aggregated information; and (iv) other similar or related information.  
 
“Guest Rooms” means each rentable unit the Hotel generally uses for overnight guest accommodations, 
the entrance to which is controlled by the same key, provided that adjacent rooms with connecting doors 
that can be locked and rented as separate units are considered separate Guest Rooms. The initial number of 
approved Guest Rooms is set forth in Item 19 of Exhibit A. 
 
“Hotel” means the hotel located at the Site that Franchisee will operate pursuant to this Agreement. The 
Hotel includes all structures, facilities, furniture, fixtures, equipment, appurtenances, guest rooms, meeting 
facilities, Supplies, entrances, exits, and parking areas located on the Site or any other real property that 
Franchisor approves for hotel expansion, signage, or other facilities. 
 
