24 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
SECTION 1.15
Management Agreements.  The parties agree that the 
Management Agreement will automatically terminate upon Closing at the expense 
of Seller.  Buyer’s obtaining a new management agreement for the Hotel shall not 
be a condition to Closing for Buyer.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing stated in 
this Section 4.6 shall limit in any respect the obligations of Buyer set forth in 
Section 4.5(b)(ii)(C). 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING 
SECTION 1.16
Conditions Precedent to Seller’s Obligations.  The 
obligation of Seller to consummate the transfer of the Assets to Buyer on the 
Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Seller) as of the Closing of 
the following conditions: 
(a)
Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties 
made by Buyer in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects when made and 
on and as of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as 
of the Closing Date.
(b) 
Obligations and Covenants. Buyer shall have performed or complied in all 
material respects with each obligation and covenant required by this Agreement to be performed 
or complied with by Buyer on or before the Closing. 
(c)
No Prohibition on Transfer. No order or injunction of any court or 
administrative agency of competent jurisdiction nor any statute, rule, regulation or executive order 
promulgated by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect as of the 
Closing which restrains or prohibits the transfer of the Assets or the consummation of any other 
transaction contemplated hereby.
(d) 
Buyer Deliverables. Seller shall have received all of the documents required 
to be delivered by Buyer under Section 6.1 (or such documents shall have been delivered to Escrow 
Agent to be held in escrow and delivered to Seller at Closing). 
(e)
Purchase Price. Seller shall have received the Purchase Price in accordance 
with Section 2.2(a) and all other amounts due to Seller from Buyer hereunder (or such funds shall 
have been delivered to Escrow Agent to be held in escrow and delivered to Seller at Closing). 
The conditions set forth in this Section 5.1 are solely for the benefit of Seller and may be waived 
only by Seller.  At all times prior to the termination of this Agreement, Seller may waive any of 
these conditions on its sole discretion and proceed with the Closing, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 
SECTION 1.17
Conditions to Buyer’s Obligations.  The obligation 
of Buyer to purchase and pay for the Assets is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver 
by Buyer) as of the Closing of the following conditions: 
