30
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
Pre-Opening Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign your Franchise Agreement, but before you open your 
Hotel we: 
1. Before you begin construction or renovation, as applicable, we will review the following information 
that you submit to us for approval: (i) evidence of insurance required by the Standards; (ii) evidence 
that you are entitled to possession of the Site; (iii) evidence of all approvals, permits, and licenses 
required for construction or renovation, as applicable, to begin; and (iv) your Plans and Designs (FA, 
Sections 4.1 and 4.2). 
2. Will perform up to 3 site visits to review your construction progress (FA, Section 4.3.4).       
3. Will perform up to 2 site visits to review and certify your information technology infrastructure before 
opening of your Hotel (FA, Section 4.3.4).    
4. Will conduct a final inspection, at your cost and expense, of the Hotel within 30 days after you notify 
us in writing that the Hotel is ready to open for business as a Brand Hotel (FA, Section 4.4.1). 
5. May require a pre-opening visit to the Hotel to assist with the Hotel’s opening as a Brand Hotel, for 
which you will reimburse us our Travel Costs and pay associated fees and charges (FA, Section 6.1). 
6. May specify and provide required and/or optional initial, periodic, remedial, and other training 
programs, both in-person and online, for which we may charge non-reimbursable training and other 
fees, charges and costs (FA, Section 6.2; see “Training” below for additional details).   
7. Will make our Standards available to you through our Standards Manual.  We will license you access 
to the Standards Manual during the Term of your Franchise Agreement, in digital, electronic or other 
computerized form, or, at our sole discretion, in hard paper copy (FA, Section 7.2).  The Table of 
Contents to our Standards Manual is listed in Exhibit F to this Disclosure Document. It has a total of 
124 pages. 
Site 
1.  We will review a site that you provide to us for the construction and operation of your Hotel. You will 
choose the site to submit for our review.  We generally do not own the site that you will lease, and in 
most situations, we do not lease your site to you. You will either purchase the site or lease it from a 
third party. You will need to make sure that the site meets all of our Standards, including compliance 
with all laws, and obtain any required permits (FA, Section 4.1). We do not conform the site to local 
ordinances and building codes or obtain any required permits.   
2.   Once you have provided all of the necessary information we need to make an informed decision about 
the site, submitted a franchise application, and paid the PIP fee (if required), we will provide you with 
our approval or disapproval within 60 days. If we do not provide approval or conditional approval 
within 60 days, the site will be deemed disapproved and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement 
and retain all fees you have paid to us or our affiliates.  We will review various factors in approving or 
disapproving your site.  These factors include the geography of the location, ingress to and egress from 
the location, the demographics of the market, the effect the proposed site will have on existing Brand 
Hotels or Network Hotels, and what type of visibility the site will have to attract customers.   
