H-7 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD 
Exhibit H (2025) 
2. 
Item 6 titled “Insufficient Funds Fee/NSF” of the Franchise Disclosure Document
is amended to include the following paragraph:  
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with pursuant to 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 604.113, which imposes only one insufficient funds service fee per 
dishonored check, not to exceed $30.
 
3. 
Item 13 is amended to provide that if you have complied with all provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement applicable to the Marks, we will protect your right to use the Marks and will 
indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claims, suits or demands 
regarding your use of the Marks in accordance with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C 12, Subd. 1(g). 
 
4. 
Item 17 “summary column” for (f) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is 
amended to include the following: 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. 
Sec. 80C.14, subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that you 
be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure), and that consent to the 
transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld. 
5. 
Item 17 “summary column” for (m) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is 
amended to include the following: 
 
Any release signed as a condition of transfer will not apply to any claims you may have 
under the Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
6. 
Item 17 “summary columns” for (v) and (w) of the Franchise Disclosure Document
are amended to include the following:
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation 
to be conducted outside Minnesota or requiring waiver of a jury trial.  In addition, nothing 
in this Disclosure Document or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as 
provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, 
or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction, or to consent to liquidated 
damages, termination penalties, or judgment notes; provided that this part shall not bar an 
exclusive arbitration clause, pursuant to Minn. Rule 2860.4400J.  
 
7. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to include the following 
paragraph after the table:
Pursuant to Minn. Rule 2860.4400D, any General Release required as a condition of 
renewal, sale and/or transfer does not apply to any liability under the Minnesota Franchise 
Act. 
 
8. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended by adding the following 
paragraph after the table:
