25 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
(a)
Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties 
made by Seller in this Agreement (as the same may be amended or supplemented in accordance 
with Section 3.3) shall be true and correct in all material respects when made and on and as of the 
Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as of Closing Date 
(unless such representation or warranty is made on and as of a specific date, in which case it shall 
be true and correct in all material respects as of such date), excluding, however, any inaccuracies 
or changes in the representations and warranties made by Seller resulting from any action, 
condition or matter that (i) is expressly permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, 
(ii) was within Buyer’s Knowledge prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, or, subject 
to Section 3.3, prior to the Closing, (iii) was not within Seller’s Knowledge as of the Effective 
Date or (iv) is a result of events or occurrences outside of the reasonable control of Seller after the 
mutual execution of this Agreement.   
(b) 
Obligations and Covenants. Seller shall have performed or complied in all 
material respects with each obligation and covenant required by this Agreement to be performed 
or complied with by Seller on or before the Closing. 
(c)
No Prohibition on Transfer. No order or injunction of any court or 
administrative agency of competent jurisdiction nor any statute, rule, regulation or executive order 
promulgated by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect as of the 
Closing which restrains or prohibits the transfer of the Assets or the consummation of any other 
transaction contemplated hereby.
(d) 
Seller Deliverables. Buyer shall have received all of the documents required 
to be delivered by Seller under Section 6.2 (or such documents shall have been delivered to Escrow 
Agent to be held in escrow and delivered to Buyer at Closing). 
The conditions set forth in this Section 5.2 are solely for the benefit of Buyer and may be waived 
only by Buyer.  At all times prior to the termination of this Agreement, Buyer may waive any of 
these conditions on its sole discretion and proceed with the Closing, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 
SECTION 1.18
Waiver of Conditions Precedent.  The Closing shall 
constitute conclusive evidence that Seller and Buyer have respectively waived any 
conditions which are not satisfied as of the Closing. 
SECTION 1.19
Frustration of Closing Conditions.  Neither Seller nor 
Buyer may rely on the failure of a closing condition set forth in Sections 5.1 or 5.2 
if such failure was caused by such Party’s failure to act in good faith or to use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Closing to occur. 
CLOSING DELIVERIES
SECTION 1.20
Buyer Closing Deliveries.  Buyer shall make the 
following deliveries at Closing to Seller (or deposit such documents and other items 
with Escrow Agent to be held in escrow and delivered to Seller at Closing): 
