H-10 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD 
Exhibit H (2025) 
B.
No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental 
to the business, which are significant in the context of the number of 
franchisees and the size, nature or financial condition of the franchise 
system or its business operations.  
C.
No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to 
a felony charge or, within the 10 year period immediately preceding the 
application for registration, has been convicted of or pleaded nolo 
contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a civil action 
alleging:  violation of a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud; 
embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or 
unfair or deceptive practices or comparable allegations.
D. 
No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive 
order or decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or 
Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice 
law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by 
a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any national 
securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person 
from membership in such association or exchange; or is subject to a 
currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other 
business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or 
department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a 
real estate broker or sales agent. 
3. 
The following is added to the end of Item 4: 
Neither we, our affiliates or any officers identified in Item 2 of this Disclosure
Document has, during the 10-year period preceding the date of this Disclosure
Document:   (a) filed as debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a discharge of its debts under the 
bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or a general partner in 
a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start 
an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge of its debts 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 year after that officer or general 
partner of the franchisor held this position in the company or partnership. 
 
4.
The following is added to the end of Item 5: 
 
The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as 
such in our discretion. 
 
5. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled 
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor 
approval of transfer: 
