37 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
aforementioned taxes, fees or other charges for which it has assumed responsibility under this 
section.   
(c)
Survival. The provisions of this Article IX shall survive the Closing or the 
termination of this Agreement without limitation. 
SECTION 1.32 
Risk of Loss.   
(a)
Condemnation and Casualty.  If, after the Effective Date but on or before 
the Closing Date, the Hotel or any portion thereof shall be (i) damaged or destroyed by fire or other 
casualty or (ii) taken as a result of any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding, Seller shall 
promptly notify Buyer and, at Closing, Seller will credit against the Purchase Price payable by 
Buyer at the Closing an amount equal to the net proceeds (other than on account of business or 
rental interruption relating to the period prior to Closing), if any, received by Seller as a result of 
such casualty or condemnation, less (i) the amount of any deductible paid by Seller (unless such 
casualty or condemnation constitutes a Material Casualty or Material Condemnation, as 
applicable), and (ii) any amounts spent by Seller to restore the Hotel.  Subject to Section 9.2(d), if 
as of the Closing Date, Seller has not received any such insurance or condemnation proceeds, then 
the parties shall nevertheless consummate on the Closing Date the conveyance of the Assets 
(without any credit for such insurance or condemnation proceeds except for a credit for any 
deductible payable by Buyer under such insurance) and Seller will at the Closing assign to Buyer 
all rights of Seller, if any, to the insurance or condemnation proceeds (other than on account of 
business or rental interruption relating to the period prior to Closing) and to all other rights or 
claims arising out of or in connection with such casualty or condemnation. 
(b) 
Right of Termination.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9.2(a), if, 
on or before the Closing Date, the Hotel or any portion thereof shall be (i) damaged or destroyed 
by a Material Casualty or (ii) taken as a result of a Material Condemnation, Buyer shall have the 
right, exercised by notice to Seller no more than five (5) days after Buyer has received notice of 
such Material Casualty or Material Condemnation, to terminate this Agreement, in which event 
the Deposit shall be refunded to Buyer and neither party shall have any further rights or obligations 
hereunder other than those which expressly survive the termination of this Agreement.  If Buyer 
fails to timely terminate this Agreement in accordance with this Section 9.2(b), the provisions of 
Section 9.2(a) shall apply.  As used in this Section 9.2(b), a “Material Casualty” shall mean any 
damage to the Hotel or any portion thereof by fire or other casualty that in Seller’s reasonable 
judgment may be expected to cost in excess of twenty percent (20%) of the Purchase Price to 
repair. As used in this Section 9.2(b), a “Material Condemnation” shall mean a taking of the Hotel 
or any material portion thereof as a result of a condemnation or eminent domain proceedings that 
permanently impairs the use and value of such Hotel, and which cannot be restored to substantially 
the same use and value as before the taking.   
(c)
Seller Risk of Loss.  Subject to the provisions of this Section 9.2, the risk 
of physical loss or damage to the Hotel shall remain with Seller until delivery of the Deed.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, it is acknowledged and 
agreed that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the respective obligations of 
Buyer and Seller set forth in this Agreement, are not conditioned or contingent upon Seller 
maintaining pre-Closing performance levels of the Hotel, including, without limitation,  the 
