47 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
provisions of this Section 14.3(a) shall survive the Closing or any termination of this Agreement 
without limitation. 
(b)
Buyer’s Representations and Warranty. Buyer represents and warrants to 
Seller, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, that it has dealt with no broker, salesman, finder 
or consultant with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby other than 
Broker.  Buyer agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold Seller harmless from and against all 
claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements) and charges resulting from Buyer’s breach of the foregoing representations in this 
Section 14.3(b).  The provisions of this Section 14.3(b) shall survive the Closing or any 
termination of this Agreement without limitation. 
SECTION 1.49 
Confidentiality, Press Release and IRS Reporting 
Requirements.   
(a)
Confidentiality. Buyer and Seller, and each of their respective Affiliates 
shall hold as confidential all information disclosed in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby and concerning each other, the Assets, this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby and shall not release any such information to third parties without the prior 
written consent of the other parties hereto, except (i) any information which was previously or is 
hereafter publicly disclosed (other than in violation of this Agreement or other confidentiality 
agreements with Seller or its Affiliates to which Buyer or Affiliates of Buyer are parties), (ii) to 
their partners, advisers, underwriters, analysts, employees, Affiliates, officers, directors, 
consultants, lenders, accountants, legal counsel, title companies or other advisors of any of the 
foregoing, provided that they are advised as to the confidential nature of such information and are 
instructed to maintain such confidentiality and (iii) to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
(including without limitation those of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission).  
The foregoing shall constitute a modification of any prior confidentiality agreement that may have 
been entered into by the parties.  The provisions of this Section 14.4 shall survive the Closing or 
the termination of this Agreement for a period of one (1) year; provided that the Buyer may not at 
any time following Closing or termination of this Agreement disclose the identity of Seller’s direct 
or indirect owners.   
(b) 
Press Release. Seller or Buyer may issue a press release with respect to this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, provided that the content of any such press 
release shall be subject to the prior written consent of the other party hereto and in no event shall 
any such press release issued by Buyer disclose the identity of Seller, Seller’s direct or indirect 
beneficial owners by name or the consideration paid to Seller for the Assets. 
(c)
IRS Reporting Requirements.  For the purpose of complying with any 
information reporting requirements or other rules and regulations of the IRS that are or may 
become applicable as a result of or in connection with the transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement, including, but not limited to, any requirements set forth in proposed Income Tax 
Regulation Section 1.6045-4 and any final or successor version thereof (collectively, the “IRS 
Reporting Requirements”), Seller and Buyer hereby designate and appoint Escrow Agent to act as 
the “Reporting Person” (as that term is defined in the IRS Reporting Requirements) to be 
responsible for complying with any IRS Reporting Requirements.  Escrow Agent hereby 
