  
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
To ESH Hospitality Strategies LLC: 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of ESH Strategies Franchise LLC (the “Company”), which 
comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related statements of 
operations, changes in member’s capital, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes 
to the financial statements (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations 
and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States 
of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be 
independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the 
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Emphasis of Matter 
As discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has entered into significant related 
party transactions with affiliated entities that are fundamental to the users’ understanding of the 
financial statements. The accompanying financial statements may not be indicative of the conditions 
that would have existed, or the results of operations that would have occurred, had the Company 
operated without these related party transactions. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this 
matter. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the 
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions 
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be 
issued. 
