4 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
work or training assignments, persons relocating, temporarily displaced or purchasing a home and anyone 
else in need of temporary housing. 
The “System” consists of the elements, including know-how, that we designate to distinguish hotels 
operating under the Brand that provide to the consuming public extended stay guest lodging services. We 
may modify, amend or supplement the System at any time. The System currently includes the Marks, 
Confidential Information and the Standards; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other 
marketing programs and materials; training programs and materials; and programs for our inspection of the 
Hotel and consulting with you. 
 
Except for the franchises described above, we, our parents and affiliates have not offered franchises for this 
or any other type of business and we do not engage in any business not described in this Item 1.
 
The Market and Competition 
The lodging industry, including the extended stay segment, is highly competitive. Competition is based on 
a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels, convenience of 
location, reputation, reservation systems, brand recognition, supply and availability of alternative lodging 
and ability to reach potential guests through multiple channels. Competitors include traditional hotels and 
lodging facilities (including limited service hotels), other purpose-built extended stay hotels, and alternative 
lodging (including serviced apartments and private homes, rooms and apartments rented on the internet). 
 
The lodging industry is generally cyclical and its fundamental performance tends to follow the economy. 
There is a history of increases and decreases in demand for hotel rooms, occupancy levels and rates realized 
by owners of hotel properties through economic cycles. Variability of results through some economic cycles 
in the past has been more severe due to changes in the supply of hotel rooms in given markets or in given 
categories of hotels. The combination of changes in economic conditions and in the supply of hotel rooms 
can result in significant volatility in results of operations for owners and operators of hotel properties.  
 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
Your hotel may be subject to federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to businesses 
generally and those specific to the hotel industry, including laws related to data privacy and security, 
license, certificate and permit requirements for hotel and restaurant operation and occupancy, laws 
regulating the posting of hotel room rates, hotel room occupancy tax laws, and laws applicable to public 
accommodations and services such as the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”). There may be other 
laws, rules and regulations which apply to the hotel industry or businesses in general that will affect you. 
Your business is also subject to state and federal regulations that allow the government to restrict travel 
and/or require businesses to close during state or national emergencies.  Because your business is operated 
from a destination to which your customers must travel, your business can be affected by such orders more 
than others.  Consult your lawyer to discuss the laws, rules and regulations. Discuss with your architect the 
ADA and state and local accessible facilities requirements. 
