38
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
ITEM 12
TERRITORY 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets 
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
 
Franchise Agreement 
We grant you the right to use the System to provide extended stay guest lodging services at the Hotel and 
the right to construct or convert and operate the Hotel as a Brand Hotel at an approved site. At the time we 
sign a Franchise Agreement with you we may also provide you with a Territory.  Whether we grant you a 
Territory and its size will generally depend upon your financial and operational capability to meet the 
extended stay demand within the market in which you will operate. If we grant you a Territory, and subject 
to the rights we reserve as discussed below, during the Term of your Franchise Agreement so long as you 
are not in default under your Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us or any of our affiliates, 
we and our affiliates will not, and we will not grant a third party the right to, open to the public for business 
and operate a Brand Hotel under the Brand that is physically located in the Territory.  This right applies 
only to the Brand.  The Brand does not include other marks we or our affiliates may own or license.  For 
example, it does not prohibit us from opening, operating, managing or granting a third party the right to 
open, operate or manage hotels in the Territory that use a portion of the Brand either alone or with a modifier 
or other designation, such as EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES or EXTENDED STAY AMERICA 
PREMIER SUITES.   
 
Although there are no restrictions placed upon you from soliciting or accepting guests from consumers 
inside another franchisee’s territory you do not have the right to use the Internet or any other social media 
platform to advertise or market your Hotel without our consent.  But you can use other channels of 
distribution like catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing. 
 
Relocation of Hotel 
You do not have the right to relocate the Site. 
Establishment of Additional Outlets 
The Franchise Agreement grants you a non-exclusive right to establish one Brand Hotel. You do not receive 
any option, first refusal right or similar right under the Franchise Agreement to establish additional Brand 
Hotels. 
Reserved Rights  
Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory to you, we and our affiliates  may own, operate, lease, manage, 
franchise, license or otherwise allow any person to operate (i) Brand Hotels outside the Territory; (ii) 
Network Hotels that operate under brands different from the Brand at any location, inside or outside the 
Territory, and, in either event, regardless of the impact on Brand Hotels in the Territory; and/or (iii) non-
Network Hotels that we or our affiliates may operate at any location inside or outside the Territory. 
Additionally, we and our affiliates may own, acquire, lease, construct or renovate a Brand Hotel inside the 
Territory and may also franchise, license or otherwise permit third parties to do the same.  However, during 
the Term, we will not, and will not authorize any other party to, open to the public for business any Brand 
Hotel within the Territory. Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory to you, we and our affiliates may market 
and advertise for Brand Hotels and Network Hotels inside or outside the Territory. In addition, we and/or 
our affiliates reserve the right (a) to acquire or be acquired by (whether through purchase, sale, merger, 
