24 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
 
EXHIBIT B 
TO HOTEL TECHNOLOGY AGREEMENT 
 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT SERVICES SOW 
1. 
SERVICES. 
1.1 
Franchisee hereby engages the ESA Entities to render project management services (the 
“PM Services”) to schedule and interface with third party vendors under contract with ESA (the 
“Vendors”) that are available to Franchisee to install and/or overhaul infrastructure technologies at the 
Hotel (the “Vendor Services”, and collectively with PM Services, the “Services”). ESA shall have the 
right, at its sole and exclusive option, to self-perform the PM Services or hire a third-party Vendor to 
perform any, or all, of the PM Services (a “Third Party PM”).  Services are more fully described in an 
Addendum to this SOW which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The parties may 
enter into one or more Addenda to this SOW. The PM Services are governed by this SOW. Vendors shall 
be solely and directly responsible and liable for Vendor Services provided to Franchisee. Changes to the 
scope of the Services may be made only in a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties. 
1.2 
Franchisee shall provide information, site and system access and facilities (including, but 
not limited to, broadband internet access, other telecommunications and office services and supplies) as are 
required to enable ESA and Vendors to perform the Services. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
ESA’s and Vendors’ performances are dependent on and subject to performance by Franchisee of its 
obligations associated with the Services in a timely manner. ESA shall be entitled to rely on, and Franchisee 
shall be responsible for, all decisions, instructions and approvals of Franchisee project, administrative and 
other personnel in connection with the Services. Franchisee will be responsible for the safety of all ESA 
and Vendor personnel while on Franchisee’s premises. 
1.3  
If any are required, Franchisee shall be responsible for procuring all consents, licenses, 
approvals or permissions as may be necessary to enable ESA to perform the Services, including the 
Technology Services, and provide the System. 
 
1.4 
Franchisee shall reimburse ESA for all costs and fees paid to the Vendors on Franchisee’s 
behalf for the Vendor Services.  If ESA elects to self-perform PM Services, Franchisee will pay ESA a fee 
for the PM Services to be set forth in the applicable Addendum to this SOW.  If ESA elects to use a Third 
Party PM to perform the PM Services, Franchisee shall reimburse ESA for any costs and fees incurred by 
ESA for such Third Party PM.   
1.5 
Franchisee shall reimburse ESA for all cost and expenses incurred by ESA, Third Party 
PM, or Vendors in connection with the performance of the PM Services or Services, including, but not 
limited to, travel and lodging expenses, communications charges and the cost of supplies and hardware. 
1.6 
Franchisee shall be responsible for remitting payment of fifty percent (50%) of the 
estimated fees, costs and expenses due per the project estimate specified in an SOW in advance and 
Franchisee shall pay any remaining fees due to ESA upon receipt of an invoice reflecting such amounts. 
Any invoice not paid when due shall accrue interest at a rate of the lesser of one and one-half (1.5%) percent 
per month or the highest rate allowed by law. No dispute regarding a portion of an invoice shall relieve 
Franchisee of the obligation to timely pay the undisputed portion. 
 
 
