H-5 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD 
Exhibit H (2025) 
The Franchise Agreement provides that suit must be brought in North Carolina.  These 
provisions may not be enforceable under Indiana law. 
 
 
Indiana franchise laws will govern the Franchise Agreement, and any and all other related 
documents. 
 
Item 23 of the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be amended as follows:
 
We must provide this Franchise Disclosure Document to you at least 10 days prior to the 
execution by you of a binding franchise or other agreement, or at least ten 10 days prior to 
the receipt of any consideration, whichever first occurs. 
MARYLAND
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC 
Disclosure Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay 
America Select Suites franchises offered and sold in the state of Maryland: 
 
1. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled 
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor 
approval of transfer: 
However, any release required as a condition of renewal, sale and/or 
assignment/transfer will not apply to claims or liability arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
2. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h), entitled 
“Cause” defined – non-curable defaults: 
 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This 
provision might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. 
Sections 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable. 
 
3. 
The following sentence is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), 
entitled Choice of forum: 
 
You may bring suit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
4. 
The following language is added to the end of the chart in Item 17: 
 
You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
 
5. 
The following language is added to Item 11 with regard to the System Services Fee: 
A statement showing how System Services Fees have been spent in the last year 
will be provided to you upon your written your request. 
