5 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
ESA.  Franchisee further agrees to protect the System or any of the software or information contained 
therein from unauthorized use or disclosure by its agents, employees, or other third parties. 
 
 
4.2 
Franchisee hereby represents and warrants that it will not share with nor enter into any 
agreement or understanding with any competitors of ESA including any other ESA brand hotel (other than 
any such hotel owned by the same owner) to share or exchange information concerning prices, bids, or 
terms or conditions of sale. 
 
 
4.3 
Franchisee further agrees that it shall maintain the confidential nature of such information, 
the System, and related materials, together with all of the information ESA Entities may obtain from 
Franchisee or about Franchisee or about the Hotel or its guests under this Agreement, or under any 
agreement ancillary to this Agreement, or otherwise related to this Agreement and agrees that such 
information is ESA’s proprietary and confidential information.  All revenues related thereto will be ESA’s 
property. During the Term hereof and for a period of two years following any expiration or termination of 
this HTA, ESA or its agent may enter upon the premises of the Hotel and/or access Hotel systems at any 
time to audit and review Franchisee’s use of the System for compliance with this HTA and security 
practices. Any fees or amounts determined to be due, or any remedial action to be undertaken, as a result 
of Franchisee’s audited use of the Software or security practices not in compliance with this HTA shall be 
the sole responsibility of Franchisee. Nothing in this section shall be deemed to limit ESA’s rights to 
perform traffic and other monitoring of the System. 
 
 
4.4 
All information ESA Entities obtain from Franchisee or about the Hotel or its guests or 
prospective guests is ESA’s confidential and/or proprietary information which ESA Entities may use for 
any reason including making a financial performance representation.  Franchisee may use information that 
it acquires from third parties in operating the Hotel, such as Personal Information, at any time during or 
after the Term to the extent lawful and at Franchisee's sole risk and responsibility, but only in connection 
with operating the Hotel. 
 
 
4.5 
Franchisee  will: (i) comply with all applicable Privacy Laws; (ii) comply with all ESA 
brand standards that relate to Privacy Laws and the privacy and security of Personal Information; (iii) refrain 
from any action or inaction that could cause any ESA Entity to breach any Privacy Laws; (iv) do and 
execute, or arrange to be done and executed, each act, document and thing any ESA Entity deems necessary 
in its business judgment to keep ESA Entity in compliance with the Privacy Laws; and (v) immediately 
report to ESA the theft or loss of Personal Information. Franchisee shall notify ESA in writing immediately 
if Franchisee (or its software partners, business partners, agents, or third party service providers) discovers, is 
notified of, or reasonably suspects a security incident involving any Personal Information or other customer 
or guest data, that leads to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, 
or access to Personal Information or other customer or guest data ("Security Incident"). Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this HTA, to the extent that a Security Incident arises from or is related to 
Franchisee's or its software partners, business partners, agents, or third party service providers' processing 
of Personal Information or other customer or guest data or use of or access to ESA's systems in breach of 
this section, Franchisee shall be responsible for the costs of remediating and mitigating the Security 
Incident, and shall in good faith coordinate with ESA on the timing, content and manner of any remediation 
steps, and shall provide ESA the opportunity to review and comment on the content of any notices to 
authorities or customers or guests. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this HTA, Franchisee shall 
indemnify, defend, and hold Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any Claims related to a violation 
of this Section. 
 
 
4.6 
For purposes of this Section 4, the capitalized terms used above will have the following 
meanings.  “Personal Information” means any information that (i) can be used (alone or when used in 
combination with other information within Franchisee’s control) to identify, locate or contact an individual, 
