23 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
doubt, if Franchisor does not approve Buyer as the manager of the Hotel from and after the Closing, 
then Buyer shall be required to provide and seek Franchisor’s approval of a reputable third-party 
manager to be the manager of the Hotel from and after the Closing), and (D) the negotiation and 
delivery of an executed guaranty by a guarantor approved by Franchisor of all of Buyer’s 
obligations under the New Franchise Agreement for the benefit of Franchisor, if required.  Without 
limitation on the foregoing, Buyer shall pay to Franchisor any fees, costs or expenses of or imposed 
by Franchisor relating to or as a condition to the Franchise Approval or the New Franchise 
Agreement that are set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document (including any “Transfer Fee”, 
“PIP” fee, or costs of outside counsel of Franchisor) (collectively, the “Franchise Transfer Costs”) 
regardless of whether this Agreement is terminated or the Closing occurs. 
(c)
Cooperation. Seller shall reasonably cooperate with Buyer’s efforts to 
obtain the Franchise Approval, provided that Seller shall not be (i) required to incur any out-of-
pocket costs, liabilities or obligations in connection therewith, or (ii) responsible for any pre- or 
post-Closing obligations under the New Franchise Agreement.   
(d) 
Buyer’s Obligations. Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
diligently and promptly pursue and negotiate in good faith the New Franchise Agreement and 
Buyer shall diligently and promptly undertake all such acts as may be reasonably necessary to  
obtain the Franchise Approval prior to Closing on or prior to the Closing Date. 
(e)
Rights of Termination.  Buyer agrees that the New Franchise Agreement 
shall be based upon the terms mutually agreed-to by Buyer and Franchisor and attached hereto as 
Schedule 4.5(e) (the “Franchise Terms”). If Buyer has not entered into a New Franchise 
Agreement, involving the Franchise Terms, with Franchisor as of Closing, the same shall 
constitute a material default by Buyer hereunder and Seller may terminate this Agreement, in 
which event the Deposit, and all interest accrued thereon, shall be immediately delivered to Seller 
as liquidated damages in accordance with Section 12.1.  
(f) 
Confirmation of Franchise Approval. Buyer shall provide to Seller upon 
request and in any event, no later than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, evidence of the 
consent of Franchisor, if obtained or the current status of the negotiations with the Franchisor, if 
the consent has not yet been obtained.  Buyer’s execution of a New Franchise Agreement with 
Franchisor shall not be a condition to Buyer’s obligation to close the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement and failure of Buyer to execute a New Franchise Agreement shall constitute a 
material default by Buyer hereunder and shall not entitle Buyer to a refund of the Deposit. 
(g) 
Indemnification. Buyer shall defend, indemnify, and hold the Seller-Related 
Entities harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, penalties, damages, losses, liabilities 
and expenses (including court costs and attorneys’ fees) that may at any time be incurred by the 
Seller-Related Entities arising out of, by reason of, or in connection with any obligation of, or 
breach or default by, Buyer under the New Franchise Agreement. 
(h) 
Survival. The obligations of Buyer contained in this Section 4.5 shall 
survive the Closing or any termination of this Agreement without limitation. 
