39
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
consolidation or other transaction) another chain, franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels, and/or (b) 
to operate or manage another chain, franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels. 
In addition, and notwithstanding the grant of a Territory to you, there may be Brand Hotels operating in 
your Territory as of the effective date of your Franchise Agreement that will continue operating in the 
Territory and that we may renew, relicense, allow to expand, or replace. Additionally, we and our affiliates 
may remove from the System at any time one or more Brand Hotels located in the Territory as of the 
effective date of your Franchise Agreement and replace the removed Brand Hotel with a new Brand Hotel 
that may contain more rooms than the Brand Hotel it is replacing. 
Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory, we may operate, lease, manage, or license any other party to 
operate a Brand Hotel in the Territory beginning 6 months before the expiration of your Franchise 
Agreement, or as of the date that a date for the premature termination of your Franchise Agreement has 
been confirmed in writing by us.   
 
Other Distribution Channels 
There are no restrictions on us or our affiliates from soliciting or accepting reservations from guests inside 
your Territory, as applicable.  For example, we reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such 
as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing sales, to solicit and obtain reservations 
from guests who may be located in your Territory using the Brand or other brands.  We do not pay you any 
compensation for these reservations.     
 
Operating Other Brands 
As disclosed in Item 1 we are also granting franchises under the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES 
brand, EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES brand and our related entities are offering hotel 
franchises under theYotel brand.  Furthermore, an affiliate/related party of ours could possibly offer hotel 
franchises in the future under the Field & Stream brand. These hotels may also be operated by us, an affiliate 
or franchisees.  You may compete with these hotels for business and as discussed above there may be, now 
or in the future, franchised, managed or company owned hotels operated under these brands in your market 
area including in your Territory.  Any conflicts between you and us regarding territory, customers and our 
support will be resolved under the Franchise Agreement.  We have no procedure for resolving conflicts 
between you and franchisees of these other brands.  However, any resolution of any conflicts regarding 
territory, customers or support services will be entirely within our discretion.  The EXTENDED STAY 
AMERICA SUITES franchises and EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES franchises are 
offered from our principal business address.  We do not maintain physically separate offices and training 
facilities for these systems.  The principal business address and training facility of the Yotel brand is located 
in London, England. The principal business address of the Field & Stream brand is located in Nashville, 
Tennessee. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Our affiliate, ESH Strategies Branding LLC (“Marks Owner”), is the owner of the Marks of the System, 
and has granted us a license to use and to license the Marks and certain other intellectual property including 
any domain names related to the System through a Trademark and System License Agreement dated July 
31, 2017, as amended (the “License Agreement”).  The License Agreement will expire on December 31, 
2030 unless extended by the parties.   Under the License Agreement we can use and sublicense the Marks 
and other intellectual property licensed under the Agreement.  If we fail to comply with the Agreement, 
including use of the Marks or other intellectual property that would diminish the image or reputation of the 
