3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
3. 
FEES 
3.1 
Initial Franchise Fee. Franchisee has paid Franchisor the initial franchise fee set forth in 
Item 8 of Exhibit A (the “Initial Franchise Fee”).  The Initial Franchise Fee is duly earned when received 
by Franchisor and is non-refundable under any circumstances. 
3.2 
Royalty Fee. Franchisee will pay Franchisor a continuing royalty fee set forth in Item 9 of 
Exhibit A (the “Royalty Fee”). 
3.3 
System Services Fee. Franchisee will pay Franchisor the system services fee set forth in 
Item 10 of Exhibit A (the “System Services Fee”). Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Franchisor 
may use the System Services Fee to pay for some of the services that Franchisor provides to Brand Hotels 
as Franchisor determines from time to time in Franchisor’s sole discretion, which may include: 
(i) advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, and other marketing programs; (ii) developing and 
maintaining the Website; (iii) developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; 
(iv) quality assurance programs; (v) national sales; (vi) revenue management systems and support; 
(vii) information systems development, deployment, and support; (viii) training; (ix) market research and 
product development; (x) franchisee support programs; (xi) costs and overhead related to the administration 
or direction of these projects and programs; and (xii) any other programs that Franchisor, in its sole 
discretion, determines will benefit the System and Network. Franchisor may create any programs and 
allocate monies derived from the System Services Fee to any brands, regions or localities. The System 
Services Fee does not cover Franchisee’s costs for operating the Hotel in accordance with the Standards or 
for participating in programs (whether mandatory or optional) that Franchisor offers or requires and does 
not choose to fund through the System Services Fee, whether or not included in the foregoing list. Costs 
that Franchisee incurs in the foregoing actions, or in its own marketing activities, do not constitute payment 
of the System Services Fee. The System Services Fee also may not cover and Franchisee may be required 
to pay or reimburse Franchisor or third parties for additional fees, such as commissions, fees, and other 
amounts payable to travel agents and other persons for certain reservation, marketing, payment and 
facilitation services plus a service fee, or commission, fees, and other amounts payable for reservations 
originated or processed through a global distribution system, Travel Service Channels and networks 
(including national accounts), and fees for additional services and programs, including payment processing 
programs. System Services Fees are not intended to benefit any specific market or hotel and Franchisor has 
no obligation to ensure that Franchisee, the Hotel, the Brand or any other particular Network Hotel or brand 
benefits directly or proportionately from System Services Fees paid or expenditures made from amounts 
collected. Franchisor and its Affiliates will not hold the System Services Fee as a trustee or as a trust fund 
and will have no fiduciary duty to Franchisee or the Brand with respect to the System Services Fee. 
Franchisor may commingle the System Services Fee with Franchisor’s other revenues and with the revenues 
of Franchisor’s Affiliates and use the System Services Fee to pay all costs, including administrative costs, 
salaries and overhead, and collection and accounting costs, incurred by Franchisor or its Affiliates for the 
Network. Franchisor is not obligated to expend funds in excess of the amounts received from System 
Services Fees for Brand Hotels.  
3.4 
Timing of Payments and Performance of Services. The Royalty Fee and the System 
Services Fee are payable monthly by the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the following month or such other 
schedule as Franchisor may require in its sole discretion. At Franchisor’s election, Franchisor may require 
Franchisee to pay fees by electronic funds transfer/direct debit of account or other similar method. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee will not withhold or offset any amounts due against 
any other amounts due under this Agreement. 
