5 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
“Government List” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 14.25. 
“Guest Ledger” shall mean any and all charges accrued to the open accounts of any guests 
or customers at the Hotel as of the Cut-Off Time for the use and occupancy of any guest, 
conference, meeting or banquet rooms or other facilities at the Hotel, any restaurant, bar or banquet 
services, or any other goods or services provided by or on behalf of Seller.  
“Hazardous Materials” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 7.2(b)(i). 
“Hotel” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in “Background” paragraph A. 
“Improvements” shall mean, to the extent the same constitute real property under 
Applicable Law, the buildings, structures, fixtures and other improvements on the Land, including, 
without limitation, any and all hotel rooms, meeting facilities, conference rooms, parking facilities, 
restaurants, spa and pool facilities and other recreational amenities. 
“Independent Consideration” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.3(b). 
“Initial Deposit” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.3. 
“Intangible Property” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1. 
“Inventories” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(ix). 
“IRS” shall mean the Internal Revenue Service. 
“IRS Reporting Requirements” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 14.4(c). 
“Key Performance Date” shall mean, (x) with respect to clause (a) of the definition of 
“Blocking Event”, the Closing Date or the Business Day prior to the Closing Date, and (y) with 
respect to all other clauses of the definition of “Blocking Events”, the Closing Date. 
“Land” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in “Background” paragraph A. 
“Leases” shall mean collectively, all Equipment Leases and all Space Leases.
“Licenses and Permits” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 2.1(b)(iii). 
“Losses” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 11.1. 
“Management Agreement” shall mean that certain management agreement listed on 
Schedule A-3 attached hereto.
“Manager” shall mean ESA Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
“Material Casualty” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 9.2(b). 
“Material Condemnation” shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 9.2(b).   
