2 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
 
1.2 
Project Management Services. Franchisee hereby engages ESA to act as a project 
manager for the installation of the required property management system and payment terminals by 
Preferred Vendors.  Franchisee will be required to execute an agreement with ESA similar to the Project 
Management SOW in Exhibit B attached hereto.  
 
1.3 
Fees & Costs. Franchisee agrees to pay upon receipt of invoices all costs, fees, expenses, 
payments, charges and reimbursements of ESA, its parents, their affiliates, subsidiaries, contractors and 
subcontractors (collectively, “ESA Entities”) incurred hereunder. ESA in its sole discretion may require 
an upfront deposit of all or part of such total estimated amounts, with any balances due upon invoicing.  
Amounts due to third parties, including without limitation Preferred Suppliers and Preferred Vendors are 
not included in the foregoing amounts and Franchisee agrees to pay all such amounts promptly when due. 
In addition to other such amounts due, Franchisee is responsible for all transportation, handling, rigging 
and insurance charges, including without limitation shipping from point of origin to destination. Unless 
otherwise provided in this Agreement, all fees, costs, charges and any other amounts payable by Franchisee 
to any ESA Entity under this Agreement shall be exclusive of any and all withholding, sales, use, property, 
excise, gross receipts, consumption, royalty, VAT and other similar country, federal, state, municipal or 
local taxes or duties, levies, fees and assessments of whatsoever nature (collectively, “Taxes”).  Franchisee 
shall pay all Taxes resulting from this Agreement. If Franchisee is required by any applicable law to make 
any deduction or withholding on account of Taxes or otherwise from any payment payable to any ESA 
Entity under this Agreement, Franchisee shall, together with such payment, pay such additional amount as 
will ensure that any ESA Entity under this Agreement receives a net amount (free from any deduction or 
withholding in respect of such additional amount itself) free and clear of any such Taxes or other deductions 
or withholdings and equal to the full amount which ESA Entity under this Agreement would otherwise have 
received as if no such Taxes or other deductions or withholdings had been required. Where appropriate, 
any ESA Entity under this Agreement may provide an invoice to Franchisee for Taxes, deductions or 
withholdings that were deducted or withheld from any payment made to any ESA Entity under this 
Agreement, which invoice Franchisee must promptly pay.  Promptly after payment of Taxes, Franchisee 
shall forward the following to ESA:  (1) copies of official receipts or other evidence reasonably satisfactory 
to ESA showing the full amount of Taxes and/or any other deduction or withholding that has been paid to 
the relevant tax authority; and (2) a statement in English (in a form ESA requires) listing the full amount of 
Taxes and/or any other deduction or withholding that has been paid in local currency and U.S. Dollars.    
Where appropriate, Franchisee may provide any ESA Entity under this Agreement with a copy of its tax 
residency certificate or tax exemption documentation or any other required documentation that permits a 
reduced withholding tax rate to apply for payments to any such ESA Entity and Franchisee agrees to 
withhold tax at the applicable reduced withholding tax rate. Franchisee acknowledges that ESA Entities 
may derive revenues and/or other material consideration on all or a portion of such amounts or for the 
license, sale, lease or provision of software, hardware, networks, connectivity or services hereunder. 
 
2. 
TECHNOLOGY SERVICES; SYSTEM. 
 
 
2.1    The term of this HTA shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date (“Term”).  The Term 
will automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms unless ESA notifies Franchisee, not less than 
ten (10) days prior to the expiration of the current term, of its intention not to renew. Franchisee agrees that 
this HTA is irrevocable by Franchisee for the Term, that Franchisee's obligations hereunder are absolute 
and shall continue without abatement, regardless of any disability of Franchisee to use the System or any 
part thereof because of any reason. During the Term, ESA or its affiliates may provide, in its sole discretion, 
certain information technology services (the “Technology Services”) to the Hotel as part of the services 
being provided to the System. The “System” means the elements, including know-how, that ESA designates 
to distinguish hotels operating under the Extended Stay America Select Suites® brand that provide to the 
consuming public a similar, distinctive, hotel service, including without limitation the Website, technology 
or network services, systems and/or programs, and the Reservation Service as referenced in the Franchise 
Agreement, each as ESA may modify, amend or supplement from time to time. ESA may make or require 
