54 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
SECTION 1.69
Prevailing Party.  Should either party employ an 
attorney to enforce any of the provisions hereof (whether before or after Closing, 
and including any claims or actions involving amounts held in escrow) or to recover 
damages for the breach of this Agreement, the non-prevailing party in any final 
judgment agrees to pay the other party’s reasonable expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and expenses in or out of litigation and, if in litigation, trial, 
appellate, bankruptcy or other proceedings, expended or incurred in connection 
therewith, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
SECTION 1.70
Anti-Terrorism Law.  Each party shall take any 
actions that may be required to comply with the terms of the USA Patriot Act of 
2001, as amended, any regulations promulgated under the foregoing law, the 
Executive Order, the other Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws, or 
any other Laws, regulations or executive orders designed to combat terrorism, drug-
trafficking or money laundering, if applicable, to this Agreement.  Each party 
represents and warrants to the other party that it is not an entity named on the List 
of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by the U.S. 
Department of Treasury (the “Government List”), as last updated prior to the date 
of this Agreement.
SECTION 1.71
Calculation of Time Periods.  Unless otherwise 
specified, in computing any period of time described herein, the day of the act or 
event after which the designated period of time begins to run is not to be included 
and the last day of the period so computed is to be included, unless such last day is 
not a Business Day, in which event the period shall run until the end of the next day 
which is a Business Day. 
SECTION 1.72
Like-Kind Exchange.  Seller and Buyer agree that 
any party hereto  may elect to structure the purchase or sale of the Hotel within the 
meaning of Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code by assigning its rights, but 
not its obligations, hereunder to a qualified intermediary as provided in Income Tax 
Regulations Section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4) on or before the Closing Date, provided that 
(a) the other party will not be required to incur any costs as a result of such like-
kind exchange, (b) the Closing Date shall not be adjourned or delayed by reason 
thereof, (c) the other parties will incur no expense, liability or obligation, in 
connection with such structuring, other than acknowledging and consenting to the 
exchanging party’s assignment in connection with such exchange, (d) the 
exchanging party shall remain liable for all of its obligations, representations and 
warranties set forth in this Agreement, and (e) the exchanging party shall indemnify 
the other parties and hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, 
demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, penalties, damages and losses, including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and any additional taxes of any nature 
resulting from such like-kind exchange (including, but not limited to, any additional 
income, real estate, recordation or transfer taxes), to the extent actually incurred, 
relating to the participation in such like-kind exchange.  This Agreement and the 
obligations hereunder are not subject to or conditioned on the ability to consummate 
a like-kind exchange, and the party or parties requesting the like-kind exchange 
