52
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
30+ Nights
70.5%
D. 
Statement of Percentage of Business-to-Business (“B2B”) Revenue Derived from 7+ Night 
Length of Stay Bookings 
We have an experienced national sales team that generates revenue for our Owned and Franchised Hotels 
by targeting corporate and project based B2B bookings. Because our System focuses on extended stay 
business, our national sales team’s goal is to book 7+ night Length of Stays.  We calculate Length of Stay 
by measuring the number of consecutive consumed nights a guest stays at a Brand Hotel.   
Table 19-4 Brand Hotels Percentage of B2B Revenue Derived from 7+ Night Length of Stays 
The table below shows the average percentage of Brand Hotel B2B revenue that was derived from Length 
of Stays of 7 nights and greater for the 2024 calendar year: 
Average 
Owned Hotels  
at/exceeding average 
Median 
2024
% of total 
Number 
(127 hotels)
B2B Sales (7+ 
Revenue %) 
95.3%
52% 
66  
95.5%
The following Notes will clarify the information presented above.  
NOTE 1: 
“Occupancy” means the total number of rooms sold in a given period divided by the total 
number of rooms available during that period. 
NOTE 2: 
“ADR” means hotel room revenues divided by total number of rooms sold in a given period. 
NOTE 3: 
“RevPAR” means the product of average daily room rate charged times the average daily 
occupancy achieved for a hotel or group of hotels in a given period. RevPAR does not include 
ancillary revenues, such as food and beverage revenues, or parking, pet, telephone or other 
guest service revenues. 
NOTE 4: 
“EsOcc” means the total number of rooms occupied by guests staying seven or more 
consecutive nights in a given period divided by the total number of rooms available during the 
period. 
NOTE 5: 
Includes calls to property forwarded to and booked by the Call Center. 
NOTE 6: 
“Length of Stay” means total number of consumed room nights for a guest stay. 
The percentages in the tables above were rounded to the nearest tenth and the dollar amounts were rounded 
to the nearest cent. 
