H-14 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD 
Exhibit H (2025) 
paid a fee for referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise.  Do not 
rely on the information provided by a franchise broker about a franchise.  Do your 
own investigation by contacting the franchisor’s current and former franchisees to ask 
them about their experiences with the franchisor.  
 
3. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There 
may also be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your 
relationship with the franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your 
franchise. 
 
4. In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the 
arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place 
mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by 
the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation.  In addition, if 
litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action 
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation 
of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
 
5. A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under 
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder
except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in 
effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel.  Provisions such 
as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims 
under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may 
not be enforceable. 
6. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable 
estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
 
7. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per 
year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  In addition, a 
noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor 
of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings 
from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an 
amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  As a result, any provisions 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations 
are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
8. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a 
franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same 
franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any 
such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
