38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
performance of Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement. Franchisee has obtained all necessary 
approvals of Franchisee’s owners, Board of Directors and lenders. No executory franchise, license or 
affiliation agreement for the Hotel exists other than this Agreement. Franchisee’s execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement will not violate, create a default under or breach of any charter, bylaws, 
agreement or other contract, license, permit, indebtedness, certificate, order, decree or security instrument 
to which Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s Equity Owners is a party or is subject or to which the Hotel is 
subject. Neither Franchisee nor the Hotel is the subject of any current or pending merger, sale, dissolution, 
receivership, bankruptcy, foreclosure, reorganization, insolvency, or similar action or proceeding on the 
date Franchisee executes this Agreement and was not within the three years preceding such date. Neither 
general economic downturn or conditions nor Franchisee’s own financial inability to perform the terms of 
this Agreement will be a defense to an action by Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates for Franchisee’s 
breach of this Agreement. All written information Franchisee has submitted or will submit to Franchisor 
about the Hotel, Franchisee, Franchisee’s owners, any guarantor, or the finances of any such person or 
entity, was or will be at the time delivered, true, accurate and complete, and such information contains no 
misrepresentation of a material fact, and does not omit any material fact necessary to make the information 
disclosed not misleading under the circumstances. There are no express or implied covenants or warranties, 
oral or written, between Franchisor and Franchisee except as expressly stated in this Agreement. With the 
exception of Claims related to representations contained in the franchise disclosure document for the Brand, 
Franchisee, on Franchisee’s own behalf and on behalf of, as applicable, Franchisee’s officers, directors, 
managers, employees, heirs, administrators, executors, agents and representatives and their respective 
successors and assigns hereby release, remise, acquit and forever discharge Franchisor and Franchisor’s 
Affiliates and Franchisor’s and Affiliates’ respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, 
representatives and their respective successors and assigns from any and all actions, Claims, causes of 
action, suits, rights, debts, liabilities, accounts, agreements, covenants, contracts, promises, warranties, 
judgments, executions, demands, damages, costs and expenses, whether known or unknown at this time, of 
any kind or nature, absolute or contingent, existing at law or in equity, on account of any matter, cause or 
thing whatsoever that has happened, developed or occurred relating to this Agreement or the relationship 
between Franchisor and Franchisee before the Effective Date of this Agreement. This release will survive 
the termination of this Agreement. 
20.11 Exercise of Rights.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the rights of the Parties 
hereto are cumulative, and no exercise or enforcement by either Party of any right or remedy hereunder will 
preclude the exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy which such Party is entitled to enforce 
by law. Franchisor may litigate to collect amounts due under this Agreement without first issuing a default 
or termination notice. Once a termination or expiration date for this Agreement has been established in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, Franchisor may cease accepting reservations through the 
Reservation Service for any person(s) seeking to make a reservation for a stay on any date including or 
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Franchisor may notify third parties, including 
those who have made reservations at the Hotel, that the Hotel is no longer associated with the System. 
Franchisor may also, without prior notice enter the Hotel and any other parcels, remove software (including 
archive and back-up copies) for accessing the Reservation Service, all copies of the Standards, the Standards 
Manual, Confidential Information, equipment and all other personal property of Franchisor. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute this 
Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 
