27
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
benefits from these purchases, as well as from third parties with whom we negotiate affiliation or marketing 
programs. There are currently no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.  
We estimate that the proportion of the purchases and leases that you will make in accordance with our 
standards and specifications (including from approved suppliers), compared to all purchases and leases that 
you will make, is 80%-90% in connection with establishing the Hotel, and 65%-75% in connection with 
operating the Hotel. 
You must use us to act as a project manager for the delivery and installation by third party vendors of 
reservation and property management systems the Hotel will use in its operations.  You must also use us to 
review and certify your information technology infrastructure.  We are the sole supplier for these services 
and we do not intend to approve any other suppliers for these services.   
Alternative Supplies/Suppliers 
If you wish to use any Supplies or an alternative supplier that we have not approved, then you must present 
the Supplies to us for our approval and provide us any information we request. We will make our approval 
criteria available to you upon request to us. We will approve or reject the item or alternative supplier within 
60 days from the date that you seek approval from us in writing, or such other reasonable time period if 
review cannot be completed in 60 days. We will not charge you any fee for reviewing these items except 
for our out of pocket expenses for such review, which will vary by item and supplier submitted for approval. 
If after our approval we learn that the product, Supplies, or equipment, will adversely affect the health, 
welfare, and/or safety of our patrons or employees in the Hotel or otherwise adversely affects our reputation, 
we may revoke such approval.  We will notify you of any revocations.  If we have a sole supplier for a 
particular item or service, we do not intend on approving another supplier for that item or service. 
Reservation Service 
As disclosed above, your Hotel must participate in and use the Reservation Service that we designate, 
including any replacements, additions, enhancements, supplements, fixes, patches, updates, modifications, 
or variants that we may develop or adopt, and honor and give first priority on available rooms to all 
confirmed reservations booked through the Reservation Service. For outgoing reservations referred by or 
from the Hotel to other Network Hotels, you must exclusively use only the Reservation Service for Hotel 
bookings, unless we approve a different system.  If we require you to use other reservation, sales, revenue 
management, call center, point of sale, or other services or systems you must comply with all terms and 
conditions, including execution of required agreements and payment of all required fees and costs.   
If we have entered into an agreement with an online travel agent or other third-party intermediary (“OTA”) 
for the sale of room nights at Brand Hotels you may only sell through that OTA and you may not enter into 
your own agreement with that OTA. To the extent that you participate in those programs, you will decide 
what room rates to charge and what commission to pay to the OTA within the parameters we have 
negotiated for Brand Hotels. 
Loyalty Programs 
You must participate in and honor the terms and conditions of any loyalty, discount, amenity, service, guest 
or promotional programs required by the Standards, any Guest Room rate quoted to prospective guests 
when they make reservations, any fees charged by these programs, and any award certificates (including, 
credit toward food purchases or internet or other items or amenities) issued to Hotel guests participating in 
these programs. 
