1 
 
 
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD Exhibit J (2025) 
GENERAL RELEASE
 
THIS GENERAL RELEASE (“Release Agreement”) is effective as of the [DAY[ day of [MONTH], 
[YEAR]  (“Effective Date”) by and among ESH Strategies Franchise LLC., a Delaware limited liability company 
(“Franchisor”), [FRANCHISEE]. a [JURISDICTION] [ENTITY TYPE] (“Franchisee”), [GUARANTOR] 
(“Guarantor” and together with Franchisee, jointly and severally, “Releasor”). 
 
RECITALS 
 
 
A. 
Franchisor 
and 
Franchisee 
are 
parties 
to 
that 
certain 
[FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT/DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT], dated [DATE] (the “Franchise Documents”); 
 
 
B. 
Franchisee desires to [AMEND/ASSIGN] the Franchise Documents; and 
 
 
C. 
This Release Agreement has been requested at a juncture in the relationship of the parties where 
the Franchisor is considering either a change or an expansion of the relationship between the parties and/or their 
affiliates.  The Franchisor is unwilling to make the anticipated change or expansion in the relationship of the 
parties unless it is certain that it is proceeding with a “clean slate” and that there are no outstanding grievances or 
Claims against it.  Releasor, therefore, gives this Release Agreement as consideration for receiving the agreement 
of the Franchisor to an anticipated change or expansion of the relationship between the parties.  Releasor 
acknowledges that this Release Agreement is intended to wipe the slate clean. 
 
AGREEMENT 
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, and for other good and valuable 
consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound 
hereby, Releasor and Franchisor hereby agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Definitions. As used in this Release Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the 
meanings ascribed to them. 
“Claims” means all actual and alleged claims, demands, Losses, charges, covenants, 
responsibilities, warranties, obligations, oral and written agreements, debts, violations, suits, 
counterclaims, cross claims, third party claims, accounts, liabilities, costs, expenses (including attorneys’ 
fees and court costs), rights to terminate and rescind, rights of action and causes of action of any kind or 
nature, which in any way relate to or arise from or in connection with the Franchise Documents. 
“Franchisor Released Parties” means Franchisor and each of its Constituents. 
“Constituents” means past, present and future affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, partners, 
owners, shareholders, members, trustees, receivers, executors, representatives, administrators, and the 
respective officers, directors, agents, managers, principals, members, employees, insurers, successors, 
assigns, representatives and attorneys of each of them. 
“Excluded Matters” means Franchisor’s continuing contractual obligations which arise or 
continue under and pursuant to the Franchise Documents on and after the date of this Release Agreement; 
and 
“Losses” means all damages, liabilities, accounts, suits, awards, judgments, payments, 
diminutions in value and other losses, costs and expenses, however suffered or characterized, including 
interest, costs and expenses of investigating and prosecuting any Claim, reference proceeding, lawsuit, 
arbitration or any appeal; all associated actual attorneys’ fees, whether or not the Claim, reference 
