32
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
Computer, Technology and Telecommunication Systems 
You must purchase or lease computer systems capable of interfacing with our network. Additionally, you 
must purchase or license and maintain our preferred property management, revenue management, and other 
technology systems we require, including any additions, enhancements, supplements, or variants that we 
develop during the Term (FA, Section 5.4; HTA, Section 1).  Neither we, nor any affiliate or any third party 
has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates to the software. 
There are no contractual limits on our rights to obtain independent access to your databases (including the 
property management system described below). The information that we may access includes information 
about your financial performance and about guests.  
Network Infrastructure  
You must install network infrastructure equipment to support both guest wireless and the front desk 
environment. We estimate the cost of the required equipment and installation of the network infrastructure 
to be approximately $125,000 - $175,000. Network infrastructure breakage and replacement costs are your 
responsibility and costs will vary annually.    You must enter into an agreement with your vendor for 24-
hour support of high-speed internet access ($2-3 per room per month) (“HSIA”), phone ($1-2 per room per 
month), and television ($1-2 per room per month) which is estimated to be approximately $4-7 per 
guestroom per month for a Hotel.   
Telecommunications Infrastructure 
You must install telecommunications infrastructure to support both guest phones and front desk phones. 
The telecommunications infrastructure equipment must be installed and/or certified by our preferred service 
providers. We estimate the cost of the required equipment and installation of the telecommunications 
infrastructure to be approximately $11,500 - $16,500, excluding the room and hallway telephones.  
Telecommunications infrastructure breakage and replacement costs are your responsibility and costs will 
vary annually.  
You must also pay for (1) dedicated phone lines, (2) inbound and outbound call routing through the SIP, 
(3) interactive voice response (“IVR”) system, and (4) voicemail which are collectively estimated to be 
approximately $300 - $500 per month for a Hotel and Enhanced 911 which is estimated to be approximately 
$35 per month for a Hotel.  In addition, there may be a cost for 411 and international calls which is estimated 
to be approximately $1-$5 per month for a Hotel.   
Acquisition and Installation of Computer Systems 
We and/or our affiliates have entered into master service agreements with the preferred service providers 
for all required computer systems (including the property management system, revenue management 
system and centralized reservation system, credit card terminals and credit card processing). You must enter 
into an agreement with us under which we will manage the delivery and installation by third party vendors 
of reservation and property management systems the Hotel will use in its operations.  (Exhibit B to the 
Hotel Technology Agreement). You must pay us a Project Management Fee of $5,000 plus reimburse us 
for any additional third party expenses to provide these services. Technical support for installation is 
included in the cost of the installation of these items. On-site technical support post-installation is generally 
billed on a case-by-case basis and the cost will vary depending on the market and location. You must pay 
us a site visit fee of $2,000 per visit, before we perform a site visit at your Hotel to review and certify your 
information technology infrastructure. We may require up to 2 site visits for this purpose.  
 
