38 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
financial or operational condition of the Hotel or the satisfaction of any financial or operational 
projections, and any related post-Closing risk of loss shall be borne solely by Buyer. 
(d)
Extension of Closing. In the event the Hotel or any portion thereof shall be 
(i) damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty or (ii) taken as a result of any condemnation or 
eminent domain proceeding, within, in each case, five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, at Seller’s 
option, the Closing Date shall be extended by five (5) Business Days.   
(e)
Insurance Proceeds.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in 
this Agreement and except as assigned pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 9.2(a), 
Buyer and Seller hereby agree that any insurance claims, insurance proceeds or other recoveries 
payable in connection with a casualty occurring prior to the Closing Date shall be retained by or 
paid to Seller, and are not part of the Assets to be transferred to Buyer and Seller may take any 
action it deems desirable or necessary to collect same.  If any such proceeds or recoveries are 
received by Buyer, Buyer shall promptly deliver the same to Seller.  The provisions of this 
Section 9.2(e) shall survive the Closing without limitation. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
SECTION 1.33
Adjustments.  Unless otherwise provided below, the 
following and all revenue and expenses are to be adjusted and prorated between 
Seller and Buyer as of 11:59 p.m. on the day preceding the Closing, local time for 
the Hotel (the “Cut-Off Time”), based upon a 365 day year, and the net amount 
thereof under this Section 10.1 shall be added to (if such net amount is in Seller’s 
favor) or deducted from (if such net amount is in Buyer’s favor) the Purchase Price 
payable at the Closing: 
(a)
Hotel Operations.  All Hotel operating revenues and expenses (the “Hotel 
Operating Prorations”) shall be adjusted as of 11:59 PM on the day preceding the Closing Date, 
local time for the Hotel, and the same shall be readjusted as of the Cut-Off Time following Closing 
on or prior to the Reconciliation Date. 
(b) 
Taxes and Assessments.  All real estate and personal property taxes and 
assessments and condominium assessments and fees, if any, levied against the Assets shall be 
prorated as of the Cut-Off Time between Buyer and Seller.  If the amount of any such taxes is not 
ascertainable on the Closing Date, the proration for such taxes shall be based on the most recently 
available bill, and/or assessed valuations; provided, however, that after the Closing, Seller and 
Buyer shall reprorate the taxes and pay any deficiency in the original proration to the other party 
promptly upon receipt of the final bill for the relevant taxable period, subject to the provisions of 
Section 10.3.  In the event that the Assets or any part thereof shall be or shall have been affected 
by an assessment or assessments, whether or not the same become payable in annual installments, 
Seller shall, at the Closing, be responsible for any installments due prior to the Closing and Buyer 
shall be responsible for any installments due on or after the Closing. 
