1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Select Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into between [Franchisee name] (“Franchisee”) 
and ESH Strategies Franchise LLC (“Franchisor”) as of [Month, Day], 20___ (“Effective Date”). 
RECITALS 
A. Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates own and operate the System. 
B. Franchisee has requested a license from Franchisor to operate the Hotel as a Brand Hotel at the 
Site under the Brand. 
C. Franchisor is willing to grant Franchisee the license contained herein subject to the terms of 
this Agreement. 
D. Capitalized terms that are not defined in the body of this Agreement are defined in Exhibit B 
hereto. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the promises, representations, warranties, 
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
GRANT OF LICENSE 
Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee and Franchisee hereby accepts a limited and non-exclusive license 
to use the Marks and the System during the Term to build or convert, and operate the Hotel as a Brand 
Hotel at the approved Site in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. High standards established by 
Franchisor are the essence of the System. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor’s rights to use and/or 
license the System pre-date this Agreement and are not limited or changed by the terms of this Agreement. 
Franchisee agrees that by acknowledging those rights, the parties do not intend to make Franchisor’s 
exercise of such rights subject to rules applicable to contractual performance or the exercise of contractual 
discretion under this Agreement. 
Franchisee’s territory, if any, is set forth in Exhibit E (the “Territory”). If there is no territory set forth in 
Exhibit E, Franchisee shall have no territory nor any territorial protection regardless of anything else set 
forth in this Agreement. During the Term, and provided Franchisee is not in default under this Agreement 
or any Other Agreement, Franchisor will not itself, and will not authorize any other party to, open to the 
public for business any Brand Hotel physically located within the Territory. The Territory fairly represents 
the Site's trading area, and Franchisee acknowledges that there are no express or implied territorial rights 
or agreements between the parties except as stated in this Section 1. Franchisee irrevocably waives any 
right to seek or obtain the benefits of any policy Franchisor now follows or may in the future follow to 
notify Franchisee about proposed Brand Hotels or Network Hotels in the general area of the Site, solicit 
information about the effect of the proposed Brand Hotel on the revenue or occupancy of the Site or decide 
whether to add the proposed Brand Hotel to the System based on the potential effect of the proposed Brand 
Hotel on the Site or its performance. 
Franchisor and Franchisee acknowledge that, unless they sign and deliver to each other the Right of First 
Offer, the terms of the Right of First Offer and Exhibit F shall not apply to the Hotel or Franchisee. 
