44
Extended Stay America Select Suites FDD  
(2025) 
You are responsible for setting your own room rates, and prices for other products and services at the Hotel, 
including determining any prices or rates that appear in the Reservation Service. We may, however: (i) 
prohibit certain types of charges or billing practices that we determine are misleading or detrimental to the 
System; (ii) require that you price consistently in all distribution channels; and (iii) impose other pricing 
requirements permitted by law.  You must honor any prices, rates or discounts that appear in the Reservation 
Service or elsewhere, honor all reservations made through the Reservation Service or that are confirmed 
and not charge any Hotel guest a rate higher than the rate specified for the Hotel guest’s reservation in the 
Reservation Service or, if not made through the Reservation Service, in the reservation confirmation.  You 
must also honor all pricing and terms for any other product or service offered in connection with the Hotel.  
You must also participate in any sales, guest or inventory management programs or promotions offered by 
us, including quality assurance and guest complaint resolution programs and referral programs.   
ITEM 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
This table lists important provisions of the Franchise Agreement, and Hotel Technology Agreement. 
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.  
Provision
Section in Franchise
Agreement 
(References to the 
Hotel Technology 
Agreement are in 
parentheses)  
Summary 
a. Length of the franchise 
term  
Section 2 and Exhibit 
A 
 
 
(Section 3.1) 
Generally, 20 years for new-build properties. 
(Initial 3-year term with automatic 1-year renewal 
periods, but ultimately coterminous with the 
Franchise Agreement.) 
b. Renewal or extension of 
the term 
None
 
 
(None) 
No right to renew or extend. 
(No right to renew or extend) 
c. Requirements for 
franchisee to renew or 
extend
Not Applicable
 
(Not Applicable)
Not Applicable
(Not Applicable)
d. Termination by 
franchisee 
Section 13.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(None) 
You can terminate if the Hotel is damaged by fire or 
other casualty that exceeds the coverage limits 
required by the Standards, subject to state law.   
You may also terminate the Franchise Agreement 
under any grounds permitted by applicable state 
law. 
(Not Applicable)
