- 7 - 
ESH STRATEGIES FRANCHISE LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 
1. 
ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS 
ESH Strategies Franchise LLC (the “Company”) was formed as a limited liability company in the state of 
Delaware on September 16, 2010. On October 17, 2010, ESH Hospitality Strategies LLC (the “Member”) 
became the sole member of the Company. On June 16, 2021, Extended Stay America, Inc. (“ESA”) sold 
its 100% ownership interest in the Member to Eagle Strategies Holdings LLC (“Eagle Strategies”). 
The Company is engaged in franchising extended stay hotels in the U.S. under the Extended Stay 
America umbrella of brands, which prior to 2022 included Extended Stay America Suites and Extended 
Stay America Premier Suites. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Extended Stay America 
umbrella of brands expanded with the launch of a third brand, Extended Stay America Select Suites (see 
Note 4). The brand names and other intellectual property are licensed from ESH Strategies Branding LLC 
(“Strategies Branding”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Member, and in-turn relicensed to third-party 
franchisees (see Note 6). 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company franchised 104 hotel properties under the Extended Stay 
America Suites brand, nine hotel properties under the Extended Stay America Premier Suites brand and 
one property under the Extended Stay America Select Suites brand, consisting of a total of 
approximately 11,800 rooms. In 2023, the Company added 23 franchised hotel properties and removed 
five hotel properties from its franchised system. As of December 31, 2022, the Company franchised 
93 hotel properties under the Extended Stay America Suites brand and three hotel properties under the 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites brand, consisting of a total of approximately 9,800 rooms. 
2. 
BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Basis of Presentation—The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the financial 
position, results of operations, changes in member’s capital and cash flows of the Company. 
Use of Estimates—The preparation of the accompanying financial statements in conformity with U.S. 
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and 
liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management used significant 
estimates to determine the estimated useful lives of intangible assets. Actual results could differ from 
those estimates. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents—The Company considers all cash on hand, demand deposits with financial 
institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less 
to be cash equivalents. The Company has deposits in excess of $250,000 with a financial institution that 
is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Company does not believe cash and 
cash equivalents expose it to significant credit risk. 
Accounts Receivable—Accounts receivable consists of franchise fees (royalties), system service fees 
and other amounts due from franchisees, including the reimbursement of costs incurred on behalf of 
