{00264795-17} 
19 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
accordance with Subsection 6.6.1 of this Agreement, and to pay us our then-current PIP Fee to prepare a 
PIP to determine the renovation requirements for the Hotel. 
 
7.0 
MANAGEMENT OF THE HOTEL 
 
7.1 
You are solely responsible for the management of the Hotel’s business, including (but not 
limited to) staffing the Hotel so that it can operate in accordance with the Standards. You will provide 
qualified and experienced management (“Management Company”) [IF APPLICABLE: at least six (6) 
months before the Opening Date]. Your Management Company must be approved by us in writing. We 
have the right to communicate directly with the Management Company and managers at the Hotel regarding 
the Hotel’s operations and compliance with the Standards and/or this Agreement. We may rely on the 
communications of such managers or Management Company as being on your behalf. Any Management 
Company and its employees must have the authority to perform all of your obligations under this 
Agreement. The engagement of a Management Company does not reduce your obligations under this 
Agreement. In the case of any conflict between this Agreement and any agreement with the Management 
Company, this Agreement prevails.  
 
7.2 
You represent and agree that you have not, and will not, enter into any lease, management 
agreement or other similar arrangement for the operation of the Hotel or any part of the Hotel without our 
prior written consent. To be approved by us as the operator of the Hotel, you, or any proposed Management 
Company, must be qualified to manage the Hotel.  We may refuse to approve you or any proposed 
Management Company that is a Competitor or which, in our business judgment, is inexperienced, or 
unqualified in managerial skills or operating capability, or is unable or unwilling to adhere fully to your 
obligations under this Agreement.   
 
7.3 
If your approved Management Company becomes a Competitor, resigns or is terminated 
by you, or otherwise becomes unsuitable or unqualified, in our sole business judgment, to manage the 
Hotel during the Term, you will have ninety (90) days to retain a substitute Management Company that is 
acceptable to us.  
 
8.0 
PAYMENT OF FEES 
 
8.1 
Monthly Fees.  Beginning on the Opening Date, you will pay to us for each month (or part 
of a month, including the final month you operate under this Agreement) the Monthly Fees, each of which 
is set forth in the Addendum. 
 
8.2 
Calculation and Payment of Fees. 
 
8.2.1 
The Monthly Fees will be calculated in accordance with the accounting methods 
of the then-current Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, or as specified by us in the 
Manual.   
 
8.2.2 
The Monthly Fees will be paid to us at the place and in the manner we designate 
on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of each month and will be accompanied by our standard schedule 
setting forth in reasonable detail the computation of the Monthly Fees for such month.   
 
8.2.3 
We may require you to transmit the Monthly Fees and all other payments required 
under this Agreement by wire transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer and to provide the standard 
schedule in electronic form. You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer 
or other electronic payment and reporting.   
 
8.2.4 
In the event of fire or other insured casualty that results in a reduction of Gross 
Rooms Revenue [INSERT ONLY FOR CI, HFS: and Gross Food and Beverage Revenue], you will 
determine and pay us, from the proceeds of any business interruption or other insurance applicable to loss 
of revenues, an amount equal to the forecasted Monthly Fees, based on the Gross Rooms Revenue 
