 
55 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
participating. As described in Item 8, we may also occasionally develop promotional programs with 
other companies that feature those companies’ branded products or services used or offered by our 
System Hotels. We may require or permit your Hotel to participate in those promotional programs in 
accordance with the Standards.  
 
We may also occasionally provide marketing programs in which your participation is voluntary. 
Participating hotels normally bear their proportionate costs of participation. We have periodically 
matched or supplemented the amounts paid by participating franchisees, when, in our opinion, the 
marketing effort supports our broader (national or global) marketing objectives for the System or 
Network.  
 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (“Strategic 
Partnerships”) with third-party companies or vendors (“Strategic Partners”) under which guests can 
make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, and 
Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses. We currently have Strategic 
Partnerships in place with Small Luxury Hotels of the World LTD (SLH), Prospect Hotel Management, 
LLC (Autocamp.com), LWP Cypress PM LLC (Evermore Resort), and Field Station. We may enter 
into additional Strategic Partnerships in the future. See Item 12 for details.  
 
You are not required to participate in any marketing cooperative.  We may occasionally develop local 
marketing programs that operate like cooperatives in that they may consist of a group of franchisees 
that pool their resources and actively work together on local marketing efforts.  However, these 
cooperatives are not legal entities and do not operate from written governing documents. These 
cooperatives need not prepare annual or periodic financial statements.  We may help form this type 
of cooperative whenever a group of franchisees wish to get together. Participation is voluntary. The 
contributions to these cooperatives vary depending on the voluntary contributions of members. 
These cooperatives may be administered by us, by franchisees, or by an advertising agency. If we 
participate in a cooperative, we can require it to be formed, changed, dissolved, or merged with 
another cooperative.  We cannot guarantee that we will offer any cooperative marketing programs 
to franchisees in the future. Any plan that we offer in the future may differ from the plans we offered 
to franchisees in past years. 
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the System and/or the 
Network, including advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and other 
marketing programs; developing and maintaining Brand directories and internet sites; developing 
and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; certain quality assurance programs; 
certain technology programs; and administrative costs and overhead related to the administration or 
direction of these projects and programs. We have the sole right to determine how and when we 
spend these funds, including sole control over the creative concepts, materials and media used in 
the programs, the placement and allocation of advertising and the selection of promotional programs. 
We may enter into arrangements for development, marketing, operations, administrative, technical 
and support functions, facilities, programs, services and personnel with any other entity, including 
any affiliates.  Monthly Program Fees are intended for the benefit of the System and/or the Network, 
and will not be used to promote or benefit any one property or market. Occasionally, however, 
Monthly Program Fees may be used for a property or market-specific initiative if we determine it has 
a strategic value to the System or Network overall. We will have no obligation in administering any 
activities paid by the Monthly Program Fee to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or 
proportionate to your payments, or to ensure that your Hotel benefits directly or proportionately from 
such expenditures. We may create any programs, and allocate monies derived from Monthly 
Program Fees to any regions or localities as we consider appropriate in our sole judgment. The 
aggregate of Monthly Program Fees paid to us by franchisees does not constitute a trust or 
"advertising fund" and we are not a fiduciary with respect to the Monthly Program Fees paid by you 
