 
37 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
22. 
In compiling these estimates we rely on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in operating or 
franchising hotels. We began offering the Restaurant Brands in 2024. You should review these 
figures carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to purchase the franchise. The 
expenses shown in these charts are for typical New Development and Conversion hotels of the type 
and size shown. In a Conversion, your costs will depend on the type and condition of your existing 
hotel, its age, physical structure and quality of furnishing. Because there are so many variables 
involving any particular existing hotel, we are unable to provide an estimate of costs. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications. 
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards are compiled in our standards 
manual ("Manual") and, if you utilize a Restaurant Brand, then also in the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines. We regularly review, modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may 
periodically modify and update Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in 
technology, improved methods of manufacture, new materials structures and decor, new products, 
improved prices and other factors. We currently issue, modify and update specifications in the form 
of updates to the Manual.  
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade your 
Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and 
software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current Standards.  We 
may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, which we may 
modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our Fixed Renovation 
Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program that we utilize in 
accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any renovation schedule 
(including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are responsible for the costs of 
complying with any such renovation schedule (including any FRCM renovation), as well as any other 
changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in compliance with the Standards.  
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at and 
for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, operating 
supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at and/or sold from the Hotel,  signs and 
graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest materials, together 
with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and technology platforms for 
property management, inventory management, revenue management, affiliation and distribution 
programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, customer satisfaction 
measurement, online check-in, digital room keys, in-room entertainment and conveniences, internet 
access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance services, and any and all other 
systems, programs, products and services used for the operation of the Hotel, including our 
specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acceptable product quality ratings at your Hotel 
and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In some cases, we may require you to 
purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, furniture, equipment, or service, but you may 
purchase it from any authorized source of distribution. 
