 
HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
Authorized Equipment under the Refreshment Program, but it is Customer’s responsibility to handle the return to 
Customer’s lessor of all such de-installed equipment in accordance with Customer’s current lease terms.  The return 
to Customer’s lessor of all such de-installed equipment in accordance with Customer’s current lease terms is the sole 
responsibility of Customer.  Customer will be responsible for any missing, bad or damaged equipment  
(f) Preserve and protect the Network Authorized Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(g) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the Information System.   
(h) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Network Authorized Equipment.   
(i) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to the Information System without prior specific written 
permission of HSS. 
(o) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in such manner as 
may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
3. Customer’s Conditions. All benefits provided Customer herein and all obligations of HSS under this Refresh Program Agreement are 
expressly subject to and conditioned upon the following: 
(a) Customer is not, and continues not to be, in default of any agreement with HSS, HDOC or any of their affiliates or 
subsidiaries, or any Hilton Brand division, including, but not limited to, this Refresh Program Agreement, the HITS 
Agreement and Customer’s License Agreement with HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary. 
(b) Customer continues to make all other payments to HSS’s Preferred Provider under any applicable agreements and 
does not become in default under such agreements. 
(c) Customer’s Hotel remains in the Hilton Garden Inn Brand division (after conversion and rebranding if applicable). 
(d) Customer executes the HITS Agreement contemporaneously with this Refresh Program Agreement. 
(e) Customer’s participation and continued cooperation with HSS in the Hilton Garden Inn Refresh Program, including, 
but not limited to, the refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment. 
(f) Customer allows the removal and future replacement or refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time 
and in such manner as may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion.  
(g) If applicable, Customer must complete the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton Garden Inn Brand Hotel. 
4. Termination. HSS may terminate the above Equipment License on the Network Authorized Equipment and all other obligations of HSS 
under this Refresh Program Agreement at HSS’s option: (a) Immediately without notice in the event of breach of Customer’s obligations 
or conditions set forth in Sections 2 and 3 above, or (b) at any time, with or without cause, upon not less than ninety (90) days advance 
written notice to Customer.  Any default by Customer under this Refresh Program Agreement will constitute a default by Customer under 
the HITS Agreement, and, in such event, HSS may exercise any of its rights provided under the HITS Agreement.  Any default by 
Customer under the HITS Agreement, will constitute a default and breach of condition by Customer under this Refresh Program 
Agreement.  Termination of the HITS Agreement will result in termination of this Refresh Program Agreement. HSS may terminate this 
Refresh Program Agreement without terminating the HITS Agreement, whereupon the HITS Agreement will be construed and enforced 
as if this Refresh Program Agreement had never been entered into (subject to accrued rights and obligations). 
Upon termination of this FBPP Agreement, Customer will be required to pay HSS for the unpaid cost of any Program Funded Equipment 
transferred to Customer and/or to pay for any termination penalties or removal costs relative and assume any remaining lease payments 
of HSS as to the Network Authorized Equipment that is provided Customer pursuant to this FBPP Agreement or to purchase such 
equipment from HSS’s lessor. The costs (which will vary depending upon the equipment involved and the timing of the termination) and 
the various options available will be sent to Customer at the time of the notification of the upcoming termination. Upon termination of this 
FBPP Agreement, HSS will pass on to Customer, and Customer will be responsible for, all subsequent fees and costs of Equipment 
Maintenance and Software Maintenance. If a termination occurs before the expiration of three (3) years since HSS incurred installation 
