Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
             Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter 
Page 3 
{004028-999987 M0027976.DOC; 1} 
Franchisee or Lender has cured Franchisee’s default during Lender’s Cure Period, and Lender 
commences a UCC sale, foreclosure or other proceeding intended to result in an Acquisition, Lender may 
exercise the rights under this letter agreement under the terms and timelines outlined in this 
Subparagraph. If Franchisor has not issued a default notice, Lender’s notice to Franchisor of Franchisee’s 
default under the Loan will be deemed to begin Lender’s Cure Period and Additional Period. Franchisor 
acknowledges and agrees that an Acquisition shall not be deemed a sale or lease of the Hotel under the 
Franchise Agreement, nor a violation of any control or transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement, 
and shall not be subject to any right of first refusal or right of first offer contained in the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
(c) 
Franchisor’s Rights to Terminate Franchise Agreement. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this letter agreement, Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement if any of the 
following occur: (i) Franchisee’s default or any subsequent default, in the sole opinion of Franchisor, 
damages the image or reputation of Franchisor or any brand name owned and/or licensed by Hilton 
Worldwide Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, or its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, “Hilton”); 
(ii) Franchisor is required to terminate the Franchise Agreement by court order or action of any trustee in 
bankruptcy or debtor in possession of the Hotel; or (iii) the Additional Period expires without other 
arrangements satisfactory to Franchisor in its sole discretion having been entered into between 
Franchisor and Lender. 
 
(d) 
Expiration of Franchise Agreement. Nothing in this letter agreement will extend 
the Franchise Agreement beyond its stated expiration date.   
 
(e) 
Receiver Appointment. If a receiver is appointed to operate the Hotel at the 
request of Lender, Franchisor may require the receiver to enter into Franchisor’s then-current form of 
receiver agreement, with such modifications as mutually agreed between Franchisor, Lender and 
receiver, or other documentation that Franchisor considers reasonably necessary. 
 
2. 
Assumption and Amendment. 
 
(a) 
Assumption. Lender will be deemed to have assumed the rights and obligations 
of Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Acquisition, and will be obligated to 
perform all of the obligations of Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement existing at or accruing after 
the date of the Acquisition, including the payment of fees owed to Franchisor (“Assumption”). In 
connection with the Assumption, Lender must diligently cure all defaults which it could not cure before the 
Acquisition, within the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default and/or the 
condition of the Hotel at the time of Lender’s Acquisition.  
 
(b) 
Amendment. Lender must, within ten (10) business days after Franchisor’s 
request, provide Franchisor all information necessary for Franchisor to determine that Lender is not a 
Sanctioned Person (as defined below), and deliver any other documents regarding Lender’s ownership 
structure that Franchisor reasonably requests. Franchisor will promptly prepare an amendment to the 
Franchise Agreement (“Amendment”) to document the Assumption, and deliver the Amendment to 
Lender. Lender must execute and return the Amendment to Franchisor within ten (10) business days after 
receipt from Franchisor. Lender’s failure to timely execute and deliver to Franchisor the Amendment shall 
be a default under the Franchise Agreement entitling Franchisor to terminate the Franchise Agreement. 
Any renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor in connection with the Assumption will not exceed 
those which Franchisor could have imposed had Franchisee remained as the Franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement.  In lieu of any transfer or application fee for the Assumption, Lender agrees to pay 
Franchisor a processing fee equal to the permitted transfer fee in the Franchise Agreement. If the 
Franchise Agreement does not reference a permitted transfer fee, then the processing fee will be Five 
Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($5,500).  
