 
64 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE 
BUSINESS 
You must provide qualified and experienced management for the operation of your Hotel.  To fulfill 
this responsibility, your Hotel must be operated either by you or a third-party management company 
(“Management Company”) that we have approved. No other person or entity may operate the Hotel.   
We will only grant approval when we consider you or your proposed Management Company to be 
qualified to manage the Hotel.  We may refuse to approve you or any proposed Management 
Company that, in our reasonable business judgment, is inexperienced or unqualified in managerial 
skills or operating capacity or capability, or is unable to adhere fully to the obligations and 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement.  
If you wish to manage your Hotel directly, you must have our prior written approval and successfully 
complete our training program, unless we waive this requirement.  If we determine that you are not 
qualified to operate the Hotel, at any time, we may require you to retain a Management Company 
that is acceptable to us to manage the Hotel.  
If you wish to hire or are required to hire a Management Company to manage your Hotel, you must 
obtain our prior written approval.  Your Management Company must have the authority to perform 
all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including all indemnity and insurance 
obligations. After we approve the Management Company, we can require the general manager and 
other personnel, such as the director of sales, to attend training programs that pertain to the 
operational functions of the Hotel related to those roles as are necessary to meet our Brand 
Standards. If your Management Company resigns or is terminated by you, or otherwise becomes 
unsuitable or unqualified to operate the Hotel as determined by us, in our sole judgment, you must 
retain a new Management Company that is acceptable to us within 90 days.    
You are solely responsible for the management and operation of your Hotel at all times, regardless 
of whether you are an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.  
Your engagement of a Management Company does not reduce your obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement.  We may communicate directly with your managers and Management Company, and 
we have the right to rely on their communications to us as being on made your behalf.   
We will not require you or your Management Company to sign an agreement not to compete with us 
after the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires. However, you may not engage, directly or 
indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your Hotel with any other hotel, motel or 
related business without our prior written consent, except for System Hotels or Network Hotels. You 
and your Management Company must not copy or disclose any confidential or proprietary materials 
without our prior written consent. 
In addition, you may not be a Competitor (defined below) and we reserve the right to not approve a 
Competitor, or any entity that is the exclusive manager for a Competitor through itself or an affiliate, 
to manage your Hotel. If your Management Company becomes a Competitor, you will have 90 days 
to retain a qualified substitute Management Company that we approve.  
A "Competitor" means any individual or entity that at any time during the Term, whether directly or 
through an affiliate, owns in whole or in part, or is the licensor or franchisor of, a Competing Brand, 
irrespective of the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised by the Competitor under such 
Competing Brand. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a franchisee of a 
Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand hotel, so long as the individual or entity is not 
