{00264795-17} 
11 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
2.2.2 
We may also:  
 
2.2.2.1 
add, alter, delete or otherwise modify elements of the System;  
 
2.2.2.2 
use or license to others all or part of the System;  
 
2.2.2.3 
use the facilities, programs, services and/or personnel used in 
connection with the System in Other Businesses; and  
 
2.2.2.4 
use the System, the Brand and the Marks in the Other Businesses.   
 
2.2.3 
You acknowledge and agree that you have no rights to, and will not make any 
claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or related to any of the foregoing activities, and 
you acknowledge and agree that such activities will not give rise to any liability on our part, including liability 
for claims for unfair competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good faith 
and fair dealing, or divided loyalty.  
 
[INCLUDE ONLY IF RESTRICTED AREA PROVIDED: 
2.3 
Restricted Area Provision.  The Restricted Area Provision is set forth in the Addendum.]   
 
3.0 
TERM 
 
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set 
forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement. You acknowledge and 
agree that this Agreement is non-renewable and that this Agreement confers on you absolutely no rights of 
license renewal or extension whatsoever following the Expiration Date. 
 
4.0 
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
We have the following responsibilities to you under this Agreement.  We reserve the right to fulfill some or 
all of these responsibilities through one of our Affiliates or through unrelated third parties, in our sole 
business judgment.  We may require you to make payment for any resulting services or products directly 
to the provider. 
 
4.1 
Training. We may specify certain required and optional training programs and provide 
these programs at various locations.  We may charge you for required training services and materials and 
for optional training services and materials we provide to you.  You are responsible for selecting the 
personnel to attend such training programs. You are also responsible for all travel, lodging and other 
expenses you or your employees (or your Management Company’s personnel) incur in connection with 
attending these programs.   
 
4.2 
Reservation Service.  We will furnish you with the Reservation Service. The Reservation 
Service will be furnished to you on the same basis as it is furnished to other System Hotels, subject to the 
provisions of Subsection 13 below.    
 
4.3 
Consultation. We may offer consultation services and advice in areas such as operations, 
facilities, and marketing, but you will always remain responsible for hiring your employees and the terms 
and conditions of their employment. We may establish fees in advance, or on a project-by-project basis, for 
any consultation service or advice you request.     
 
4.4 
Marketing.  
 
4.4.1 
We will publish (either in hard copy or electronic form) and make available to the 
traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels.  We will include the Hotel in advertising of System 
Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing programs in accordance with our general 
practice for System Hotels.    
