 
32 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
percentage of rooms inventory for free night reward redemption by Hilton Honors members as 
specified by the Hilton Honors program. Hotels will be reimbursed for these reward redemptions on 
the same basis as other similarly situated participating hotels as specified by the Hilton Honors 
program. If your Hotel is re-licensed and had paid a lower fee in the past, it will be assessed the 
then-current standard fee when your new franchise term begins. 
7. 
We currently provide an online booking platform for group events that allows guests to check 
rates and availability and book guestrooms and event space (within certain limits on the number of 
rooms, room nights, and meeting space size). Guests may search for a hotel and rate and complete 
the booking contract online. We may pass-through all or a portion of this fee to third party vendors 
that help to provide or maintain the platform. This fee may be refunded or adjusted for certain 
cancellations or modifications. Terms and conditions of this program are subject to change. 
8. 
The term “Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means: (a) if the Hotel has been operating 
for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement 
for the 24 month period before the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) divided by 24; 
and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty 
Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening Date and the 
termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and the termination 
date.  
 
The term “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the average Monthly Royalty Fees per 
Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 full 
calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “System’s Average 
Measurement Period”), multiplied by the number of approved guest rooms at the Hotel. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 full calendar 
months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in determining the System’s 
Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
 
In calculating these averages, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, ramps, 
or waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a majority of the Guest Rooms were 
removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 days. In the 
case of Business Interruptions, the applicable measurement period will be adjusted earlier in time to 
account for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred. 
 
9. 
ResMax is optional unless you are opening a new hotel or undergoing a Change of 
Ownership, and: (a) you are a first-time franchise owner; (b) this will be your first franchise under the 
Brand; or (c) if your management company is new to the Brand.  ResMax also may be required in 
certain circumstances based on hotel performance.  The program terms, eligibility, and fees are 
subject to change.   
 
10. 
RMCC is optional except in the following circumstances. Category 1: If your Hotel is open 
and has an active PIP, it must participate in our one-time “Foundation Audit.” Category 2: If you are 
a first-time franchise owner, the Hotel is your first Brand Hotel, the Hotel is a new construction Hotel, 
or you change your General Manager, your Hotel must participate in our monthly service “Standard 
Model.”  If your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $6 million in annual Gross Room 
Revenue, it must participate in our monthly full service “Intermediate Model.” If your Hotel is projected 
to generate or does generate over $10 million in annual Gross Room Revenue or is located in a 
dynamic market with a complex mix of business and a need for forecasting support, it must 
participate in our monthly full service “Premier Model.” Brand Performance Guidelines: In addition, 
if your Hotel fails to achieve minimum performance guidelines (“Brand Performance Guidelines”) at 
