 
5 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
Brand Offered 
Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. 
Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will provide 
you with its national and international reservation services and systems ("Reservation 
Service"). Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all System Hotels, 
U.S. Hilton hotels, Conrad International hotels, and Hilton International hotels (except where 
prohibited by law). The principal business address of Reservations Worldwide is 15305 North 
Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, 
certain food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may purchase these 
items from HSM but you are not obligated to do so except as described in this Disclosure 
Document. If you operate a food and beverage outlet under one of our Restaurant Brands, 
you may purchase these items for your food and beverage outlet from HSM or such third 
parties but you are not obligated to do so. 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and administers 
the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the programs of Hilton 
Honors Worldwide. 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and support 
services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology Agreement (“HITS 
Agreement”). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Hilton Garden Inn Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity to 
have one of our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at the 
same time as, or after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor franchisor 
entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of our affiliates 
is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels that will operate in the US under the 
Hilton Garden Inn Brand.  Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate outside the US 
under the Hilton Garden Inn Brand, under separate disclosure documents. 
Hilton Garden Inn hotels are designed to offer an approachable version of a ‘full-service’ type of 
experience for guests.  Guest rooms are designed to combine form with function to be comforting 
while also enabling productivity targeting the business transient traveler. Food and beverage 
programs with local options include retail space offering a mix of meals, snacks, and travel essentials 
to-go as well as a full-service restaurant and bar serving daily breakfast and dinner along with 
meeting and event catering. 
 
