 
61 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the license 
agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license agreement 
will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise Agreement as long as 
you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case of the Restaurant Brands 
trademarks, as long as the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect).  
 
In the future, HIH may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other affiliates in 
connection with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative purposes 
periodically. If that occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in connection with the 
System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not be disturbed. The 
Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks owned by our affiliates. 
 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards.  We may designate additional Marks, 
change the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time.  We will not withdraw 
the Principal Mark. We may limit what Marks each Brand of hotel may use.   
Your hotel will be initially known by the trade name set forth in the Addendum (“Trade Name”).  We 
may change the Trade Name at any time, but we will not change the Principal Mark. You may not 
change the Trade Name without our specific written consent. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are not acquiring the right to 
use any service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, designs, insignia, emblems, symbols, 
designs, slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names or other marks or 
characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically designate to be used in the 
System. 
Use of the Marks: Your Duties 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark licensed by 
us to you. We will have the sole right and responsibility to handle disputes with third parties 
concerning use of the Marks or the System. The protection of the Marks and their distinguishing 
characteristics as standing for the System is important to all of us. For this reason, you must 
immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your use of any of the Marks. You may 
not communicate with any other person regarding any such infringement, challenge or claim. We will 
take the action we consider appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and have the 
sole right to handle disputes concerning use of all or any part of the Marks or the System. You must 
fully cooperate with us in these matters. Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you appoint 
us as your exclusive attorney-in-fact, to defend and/or settle all disputes of this type. You must sign 
any documents we believe are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks and the System and 
assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters. Our decision as to the prosecution, 
defense and settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a result of disputes with 
third parties regarding the System or the Marks will be for our account.  
You must operate under and prominently display the Marks in your Hotel and any Restaurant Brand, 
if applicable. You may not adopt any other brands in operating your Hotel or a Restaurant Brand that 
we do not approve. You also may not use any of the Marks, or the word “Hilton,” “Hilton Garden Inn,” 
or any similar word(s) or acronyms: (a) in your corporate, partnership, business or trade name; (b) 
any Internet-related name (including a domain name); or (c) any business operated separate from 
your Hotel, including the name or identity of developments adjacent to or associated with your Hotel 
without our prior written consent or as provided in the Franchise Agreement of the Manual. Any 
