 
30 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
rate includes breakfast), Mandatory Guest Fees, and guaranteed no-show revenue and credit 
transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less allowances for any Guest 
Room rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected directly from patrons or guests. 
Group booking rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to third-party groups for group stays 
must be included, and not deducted from, the calculation of Gross Rooms Revenue.   
“Mandatory Guest Fee” means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition to 
the base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, destination 
fees, amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest Fees do not 
include employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax-like fees and assessments 
that are levied on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a third party (such as 
tourism public improvement district fees, tourism or improvement assessments, and convention 
center fees). 
If there is a fire or other insured casualty at your Hotel that results in a reduction of Gross Rooms 
Revenue, the Monthly Program and Monthly Royalty Fees will be equal to the Monthly Program and 
Monthly Royalty Fees forecasted on the basis of the Gross Rooms Revenue amount you agree on 
with your insurer(s). However, we have the right to participate with you in negotiating the value of 
your Gross Rooms Revenue claim with your insurer(s).  
We can require you to transmit all payments required under the Franchise Agreement by wire 
transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer. You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other 
form of electronic funds transfer. We may reduce the amount of any payment or credit to you by any 
amount that you owe us, and this includes your and our affiliates. We occasionally reduce the 
Monthly Royalty Fee for multi-unit or more experienced franchisees, for franchisees with whom we 
have previously dealt, for Conversions, or for franchisees in other unique circumstances. However, 
we do not always do so and may choose not to reduce your Monthly Royalty Fee, even if you possess 
some or all of these characteristics. We agreed to modify the Monthly Royalty Fee in 23 instances 
and the Monthly Program Fee in 1 instance during 2024. 
2. 
We may change the Monthly Program Fee rate at any time. The Monthly Program Fee rate 
will not exceed the current rate plus 1% of Gross Rooms Revenue over the term of the Franchise 
Agreement. The Monthly Program Fee pays for various programs to benefit the System and/or the 
Network, including: (i) developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; (ii) 
developing and maintaining directories and Internet sites for System Hotels; (iii) advertising, 
promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and other marketing programs; (iv) certain 
quality assurance programs; (v) certain technology programs; and (vi) administrative costs and 
overhead related to the administration or direction of these projects and programs. We may create 
or modify any programs and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program Fees to any regions or 
localities. The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs of participating in any optional 
marketing programs or other programs or services periodically offered by us or our affiliates in which 
you voluntarily choose to participate. These fees also do not cover the cost of operating the hotel in 
accordance with the Standards or the Manual. 
3. 
Our quality assurance program currently includes the Plans and Designs Late Fee, Brand 
Non-Compliance Fees, PIP/Renovation Failure Fee, the Stay Score Failure Fee, and Service Quality 
Improvement Program Fees shown here. These represent an evolution of our quality assurance 
program elements (in which fees were previously referred to as Quality Assurance Evaluation and 
Re-Evaluation Fees as applicable). More than one fee may apply in a particular circumstance. The 
PIP/Renovation Failure and Service Quality Improvement Program fees apply in addition to any other 
quality assurance fees that may apply. If any quality assurance evaluation, re-evaluation, or Special 
is conducted on-site, you must also provide complimentary lodgings for our representative during 
