{00264795-17} 
24 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
any loyalty or frequent guest program operated by us or our Affiliates), at any time during or after the Term, 
to the extent that your use is permitted by Law.   
 
10.5 
Privacy and Data Protection.  You will:  
 
10.5.1 comply with all applicable Privacy Laws;   
 
10.5.2 comply with all Standards that relate to Privacy Laws and the privacy and security 
of Personal Information;   
 
10.5.3 refrain from any action or inaction that could cause us or our Affiliates to breach 
any Privacy Laws;   
 
10.5.4 do and execute, or arrange to be done and executed, each act, document and 
thing we deem necessary in our business judgment to keep us and our Affiliates in compliance with the 
Privacy Laws; and  
 
10.5.5 immediately report to us the theft or loss of Personal Information (other than the 
Personal Information of your own officers, directors, shareholders, employees or service providers).   
 
11.0 
CONDEMNATION AND CASUALTY 
 
11.1 
Condemnation.  You must immediately inform us of any proposed taking of any portion of 
the Hotel by eminent domain. If, in our business judgment, the taking is significant enough to render the 
continued operation of the Hotel in accordance with the Standards and guest expectations impractical, then 
we may terminate this Agreement on written notice to you and you will not pay us Liquidated Damages 
[SELECT FOR CI, OL or a Termination Fee]. If such taking, in our business judgment, does not require the 
termination of this Agreement, then you will make all necessary modifications to make the Hotel conform 
to its condition, character and appearance immediately before such taking, according to Plans and Designs 
approved by us.  You will take all measures to ensure that the resumption of normal operations at the Hotel 
is not unreasonably delayed.  
 
11.2 
Casualty. 
 
11.2.1 You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is damaged by fire or other casualty 
or event of Force Majeure. If the damage or repair requires closing the Hotel, you may choose to repair or 
rebuild the Hotel according to the Standards, provided you: begin reconstruction within six (6) months after 
closing and reopen the Hotel for continuous business operations as soon as practicable (but in any event 
no later than eighteen (18) months after the closing of the Hotel) and give us at least thirty (30) days’ notice 
of the projected date of reopening.  Once the Hotel is closed, you will not promote the Hotel as a System 
Hotel or otherwise identify the Hotel using any of the Marks without our prior written consent.  
 
11.2.2 You and we each have the right to terminate this Agreement if you elect not to 
repair or rebuild the Hotel as set forth above in Subsection 11.2.1, provided the terminating Party gives the 
other Party sixty (60) days written notice.  You are not required to pay Liquidated Damages [SELECT FOR 
CI, OL or a Termination Fee] unless you or one of your Affiliates own and/or operate a hotel at the Hotel 
Site within three (3) years of the termination date under a lease, license or franchise from a Competitor.  
 
11.3 
No Extensions of Term.  Nothing in this Section 11 will extend the Term.  
 
12.0 
TRANSFERS 
 
12.1 
Our Transfer. 
 
12.1.1 We may assign or Transfer this Agreement or any of our rights, duties, or assets 
under this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, to any person or legal entity without your consent, 
