 
19 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details.   
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-opening 
guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000. 
The costs shown above do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with the 
OnQ system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our required 
Guest Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional computer 
system components that we may recommend (including, for example, other business computer 
systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and payroll, point 
of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not include any delay 
or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed and/or rescheduled. 
See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other benefits to support the 
adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All computer system costs are 
subject to change, and normally are not refundable. See Item 11 for a more detailed description of 
each of these required and recommended computer systems.  
4. 
If you wish to utilize a Restaurant Brand in your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The initial fee is due when you sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and is nonrefundable.  We will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, supporting collateral for the concept, and we will consult with you 
on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar.  After your Hotel opens, your restaurant or bar 
may be managed either by you or a third-party management company that we approve. Your 
restaurant or bar must meet our Standards and specifications at all times, including those under the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines and those that apply to food and beverage operations generally under 
the Brand Standards. 
 
5. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and related 
service fees. In particular, HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain food and 
beverage equipment supplies, and certain hotel services at a discount. We recommend you 
purchase these items from HSM or such third parties. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. If 
you choose to buy from HSM, it will invoice you for the cost of the products plus freight, sales tax 
and other actual costs, plus a procurement fee that ranges 4% to 10% of the project cost.  HSM may 
offer you a payment plan.  These payment plans are agreed with each franchisee individually based 
on the type of project, and specifically customized to the project’s scope of work and overall timeline. 
Payment dates are also based on the project’s timeline. The interest rate for late payments is 18.5% 
per year, compounded daily. Change orders must be paid in full, either in advance or with the next 
installment due. 
 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
General
Monthly Royalty Fee
5.5% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue. 
Payable monthly 
by the 15th day of 
the following 
month. 
See Note 1. 
