 
54 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
You must advertise and promote the hotel and related facilities and services on a local and regional 
basis as we specify in the Manual, in a first-class, dignified manner, using our identity and graphics 
standards for all System Hotels, at your cost and expense. You must submit to us samples of all 
advertising and promotional materials that we have not previously approved (including any materials 
in digital, electronic, or computerized form, or in any form of media that exists now or is developed 
in the future) before you produce or distribute them. You may not begin using the materials until we 
approve them. You must immediately discontinue your use of any advertising or promotional material 
that we reasonably believe is not in the best interest of your Hotel or the System, even if we 
previously approved the materials. Any advertising or promotional materials, or sales or marketing 
concepts, you develop for your Hotel that we approve may be used by other hotels in the System 
without any compensation to you. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5.1.7).  
 
You may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your Hotel 
with any other hotel, motel or related business without our prior written consent, except for System 
Hotels and Network Hotels. You also may not utilize a list of customers (whether acquired before or 
during the term of your franchise) without our prior approval. The term “System Hotels” means hotels 
operating under the System using the Brand name and the Standards.  The term “Network” means 
the elements, including know-how, that we or our Affiliates designate to distinguish the hotels, inns, 
conference centers, timeshare or residential properties and other hospitality-related businesses that 
Hilton Worldwide and its subsidiaries own, control, license, lease, operate or manage now or in the 
future.  The term “Network Hotel” means any hotel, inn, conference center, timeshare or residential 
property or other hospitality-related business within the Network.   
 
You must refer guests and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to System Hotels and (if 
and as we direct) Network Hotels. However, we can require you to participate in programs designed 
to refer prospective customers to other hotels, whether in the System or otherwise. You must also 
display all material, including brochures and promotional material we provide to System Hotels and 
Network Hotels; and allow advertising and promotion only of System Hotels and Network Hotels on 
your Hotel premises (Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 5.1.13). 
 
We may suggest room rates and pricing policies to the extent allowed by law. You will determine the 
room rates and the prices of the services and amenities that you offer to guests, except that we may 
establish maximum rates and prices for marketing and promotions if permitted by law.  For the 
efficiency and consistency of our distribution programs, and to enable us to operate certain marketing 
and promotions (such as our Price Match Guarantee), we may also require that the rates and prices 
you advertise through certain distribution channels be the same as or better than the rates and prices 
you advertise through other distribution channels as permitted by law. 
 
We may occasionally convene an advisory council to consult with us on advertising policies and 
marketing programs. Currently we have no such council. If we convene a council, it may consist of 
franchisees together with representatives of our company-managed hotels and company employees.  
We may select franchisees for the council by their hotel type, geographic location, being in good 
standing and demonstrating leadership in the System, or other considerations we deem relevant.  
The council would serve only in an advisory capacity and would not have operational or decision-
making power.  We may change or dissolve any advisory council in our discretion.   
 
We may occasionally create marketing programs for specific promotional purposes that include only 
certain hotels. These programs may focus on a geographic location, particular types of hotels, or 
other criteria. For example, we may develop a marketing campaign that promotes hotels in a specific 
tourist destination. For these programs, we decide which hotels to include and the nature and method 
of the marketing under our general marketing policies and practices for System Hotels. If your Hotel 
is selected for such a program, your participation may be required but there would be no fee for 
