{00264795-17} 
33 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
14.3 
You will give us written notice of any action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or 
investigation involving an Indemnified Party within five (5) days of your knowledge of it.  At our election, you 
will defend us and/or the Indemnified Parties against the same. If you fail to defend us and/or the 
Indemnified Parties, we may elect to assume, but under no circumstance will we be obligated to undertake, 
the defense and/or settlement of the action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or investigation at your 
expense and risk.  
 
14.4 
If we think our respective interests conflict, we may obtain separate counsel of our choice.  
This will not diminish your obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Parties and to hold them harmless.  You 
will reimburse the Indemnified Parties on demand for all expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
expert fees, costs and other expenses of litigation, the Indemnified Parties incur to protect themselves or 
to remedy your defaults.  The Indemnified Parties will not be required to seek recovery from third parties or 
otherwise mitigate their losses to maintain a claim against you, and their failure to do so will not reduce the 
amounts recoverable from you by the Indemnified Parties.   
 
14.5 
Your obligations under this Section 14 will survive expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. 
 
15.0 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
 
15.1      No Agency Relationship.  You are an independent contractor.  Neither Party is the legal 
representative or agent of the other Party.  Neither Party has the power to obligate the other Party for any 
purpose.  You acknowledge that: (a) we do not direct, supervise, manage, dictate, or control (or have, 
retain, or exercise any right to control), labor or employment matters for you or your employees; (b) we do 
not set (or have, retain, or exercise any right to set) any terms or conditions of employment for your 
employees; (c) the training we require is for the purpose of enabling you to ensure that your Hotel operates 
in compliance with our Standards; and (d) you have exclusive control over your daily affairs. You expressly 
acknowledge that the Parties have a business relationship based entirely on, and defined by, the express 
provisions of this Agreement and that no partnership, joint venture, agency, fiduciary, employment, or joint-
employment relationship is intended or created by reason of this Agreement. 
 
By entering into this Agreement, we make no representations regarding, and do not intend to 
obtain, retain, or reserve control over, the essential terms and conditions of employment of you or your 
employees, or your Management Company or their employees (if applicable). Franchisees are independent 
contractors and independent employers and we do not and will not have, retain, or exercise any authority 
over your employment-related policies or procedures. You are solely responsible for overseeing any and 
all employment-related policies and procedures for your employees in the operation of your Hotel business. 
 
15.2      Notices Concerning Your Independent Status.   All contracts for the Hotel’s operations 
and services at the Hotel will be in your name or in the name of your Management Company.  You will not 
enter into or sign any contracts in our name or any of our Affiliates’ names or use the Marks or any acronyms 
or variations of the Marks.  You will disclose in all dealings with the public and your employees, agents, 
contractors, suppliers and other third parties that: (a) you are the Hotel’s owner; (b) you are an independent 
entity; (c) you are the employer, principal, or contracting party (as applicable); and (d) we are not 
responsible for your liabilities or debts in any manner whatsoever.  
 
16.0 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
16.1 
Severability and Interpretation. 
 
16.1.1  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, void or voidable, 
that provision will be ineffective only to the extent of the prohibition, without in any way invalidating or 
affecting the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and all remaining provisions will continue in effect, 
unless the unenforceability of the provision frustrates the underlying purpose of this Agreement.  If any 
provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable due to its scope, but may be made enforceable by 
