 
76 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) and 
HITS Agreement  
Summary 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Only the terms of the Agreement (and any representations in 
the Disclosure Document) are binding (subject to state law). 
Any other promises may not be enforceable. 
 
u. Dispute 
resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation 
FA – Not applicable, 
except in Puerto Rico, 
Puerto Rico Addendum 
§16.2.2.  
None, except in Puerto Rico. In Puerto Rico, except as noted 
below, all claims and disputes will be settled by arbitration 
conducted by the American Arbitration Association, JAMS, or 
similar arbitral body chosen at our election, in accordance 
with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, by 1 or more 
arbitrators chosen in accordance with those rules. To the 
extent the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure do not govern 
certain procedures or requirements relating to the arbitration, 
the rules of the applicable arbitral body will apply. The 
proceedings will be conducted in English. As an alternative to 
arbitration, we may elect to initiate or maintain any action for 
temporary remedies, or injunctive or other equitable relief, in 
any court, governmental agency, or other authority with 
jurisdiction over the matter. Issues relating to the conduct of 
any arbitration proceeding, and the enforcement of any 
arbitration award, will be governed by the Federal Arbitration 
Act.   
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
v. Choice of forum  
FA §16.2.2, Puerto 
Rico Addendum 
§16.2.2. 
Court actions must be brought in the US District Court for the 
Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia, or, if there 
is no subject matter jurisdiction in federal court, in a state 
court of competent jurisdiction in either Fairfax County, 
Virginia, or New York, New York, but we may elect to bring 
an action against you where the hotel is located.  
For Puerto Rico arbitration actions, the venue will be Fairfax 
County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will be New 
York, New York.  An arbitration award may be confirmed in 
any court of competent jurisdiction. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
w. Choice of law  
FA §16.2.1 
New York law applies, without recourse to New York choice 
of law on conflicts of law principles, except to the extent 
governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act, 15 USC § 1050) (subject to state law). 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote our licenses.  
