 
47 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
be charged plus the SICs’ additional travel expenses. These fees are not refundable (see HITS 
Agreement, Order Document Sections 1.6 and 1.11).   
Hardware and Software Maintenance and Support. HSS provides maintenance upgrades on HPMS 
software. In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware and you 
must pay the first month’s fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware. The cost varies based 
on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. Currently, we estimate these fees will range 
between $1,143 to $2,916 per month ($13,716 and $34,992 per year). These fees are not refundable 
(see HITS Agreement, Schedule B-2). 
OnQ System Refresh.  You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 
3 years or such longer period as we may designate. We may also require the OnQ system to be 
refreshed in connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise 
agreement is signed. We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original 
installation (but not including any elements that were needed for the original installation only).     
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by or stored in the OnQ 
system. There are no contractual limitations on our rights to access this information. We may change 
the way in which data is delivered to System Hotels in our sole judgment as changes are made to 
the architecture of the OnQ system or other business computer systems that we may require 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).   
Guest Internet Access System 
You must provide internet access for all guest rooms, meeting rooms, and public spaces at your 
Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”) (Franchise Agreement, Sections 
5.1.3 and 5.1.6). Currently, our approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” 
You must install certain hardware and software, an internet access circuit, and subscribe to an 
internet access service to meet this requirement.  
Guest Internet Access Hardware and Software. The hardware and software for Guest Internet 
Access will be provided by, installed by, and maintained by our preferred providers. In addition to the 
hardware and software costs, you must pay for all necessary communication vehicles (phone lines, 
network connections), installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses of the 
vendors who perform the installation and configuration services. We estimate that it will cost between 
$63,389 and $92,638 for Guest Internet Access hardware, software, installation, and certain other 
costs and fees, excluding taxes or structured cable and cabling installation.  
Guest Internet Access Circuit.  You must install a Guest Internet Access circuit that meets our 
specifications and pay for the ongoing cost of using the circuit from a preferred provider. You must 
arrange for procurement of the monthly service for the required connection locally. The cost will 
depend on the circuit size, type, and the physical location of your Hotel. Currently, we estimate that 
these together will cost between $1,195 and $4,900 per month ($14,340 to $58,800 per year). These 
fees are normally not refundable.  
Guest Internet Access Service.  You must also arrange and pay for the ongoing Guest Internet 
Access service. You must purchase this service from a preferred provider.  The cost will depend on 
your Hotel’s size and number of meeting rooms. Currently, we estimate that it will cost between $478 
and $1,056 per month ($5,736 to $12,672 per year). This estimate includes the monthly service for 
the 24x7 call center support and equipment break-fix maintenance. Your costs will depend on your 
Hotel’s size and number of meeting rooms. These fees are normally not refundable. 
