 
40 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
Reservation Service 
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase computer 
equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must use the 
Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to (but not by 
or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems  
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change. 
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices 
and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, installation, and 
support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. For Guest Internet 
Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, and internet service. 
In addition, you must have  our designated GRO system, Delphi system, Connected Room system, 
a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and specifications. All of these 
components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, or may be acquired from other 
(non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or service and the individual 
circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards and specifications as 
appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that are proprietary or 
confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor confidentiality 
agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor for certain 
applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi system. See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details. In 
the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by an approved supplier 
who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and other affiliate revenues 
related to the required business computer systems.  
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, we 
have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging program, and 
with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-friendly hotel programs. 
We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any time. We may require or 
permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which can involve: (1) offering 
specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) participating in related marketing 
efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing and using certain related equipment 
and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated with the promotional programs (if any). 
We may designate approved suppliers for any such promotional programs or related products and 
services, and we and our affiliates may receive fees, rebates, and other revenues from your 
purchases related to these promotional programs as described in this Item 8.  
 
Construction and Renovation 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for construction or remodeling of the hotel, and any 
time you make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other applicable 
certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply with all laws 
related to accessibility for those with disabilities, as further described in the Manual. You may be 
required to complete an ADA Survey, in conjunction with an approved ADA consultant and in the 
form required by us, to determine if the hotel is in compliance with the ADA within 30 days of our 
request.  The process for completing the survey, and other requirements related to it, is set forth in 
