 
38 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
No officer of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must purchase Hilton’s proprietary computer software from Hilton or HSS.  You must purchase 
items bearing our logo, trademark or service mark from a supplier approved by us.  We may derive 
profit from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money for 
the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors Worldwide 
and we do not record it as revenues. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Hilton and its 
other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of goods, services, 
computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of $1,101,161,898 (for 
clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, and the HSM amounts 
described below). 
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced under 
its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the market. HSM 
may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of our 
franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. Occasionally, HSM may 
negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for franchisees or their 
management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may also permit competitor hotels or their 
management companies to participate in its purchase arrangements. This is done to help increase 
HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining power. 
Except as discussed below, you may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment (“FF&E”) and 
other supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met.  However, in the 
future, we may require you to purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, or we 
may require you to purchase a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is available 
only from one source, and we may derive profit as a result of those purchases.  
If you utilize a Restaurant Brand in the operation of a restaurant or bar at your Hotel, you must offer 
the types and quality of food and beverage menu items that we require. We may require that you 
offer specific menu items and use specific recipes, ingredients, kitchen equipment, or cooking 
methods. We may also disapprove any menu item that you propose if we determine that it is 
inconsistent with the Restaurant Brand identity, concept, or theme. We do not place any additional 
restrictions on your sources of supplies for the restaurants, other than those that apply to restaurants 
and food and beverage outlets under the Brand Standards generally (including any that may apply 
to room service, catering, and other services). We and our affiliates may derive revenue from 
suppliers as described in this Item 8. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. These 
fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through suppliers. HSM 
also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from manufacturers in 
connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft drinks, cleaning 
compounds, and paper products.   
