 
8 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised network or chain of guest 
lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities regardless of the location of 
that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within your Restricted Area, if any, and 
that following such activity we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any 
brands or Marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There is 
no mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
Your hotel business must conform to innkeeper liability laws, laws and regulations regarding health 
and safety, food handling and preparation, menu and labeling laws, alcoholic beverage control laws 
and dram shop acts, license, certificate and permit requirements for hotel and restaurant operation 
and occupancy, laws regulating the posting of hotel room rates, hotel room occupancy tax laws, and 
laws applicable to public accommodations and services such as the Americans with Disabilities Act 
(“ADA”). In addition, the general business laws, rules and regulations which apply to hotels in your 
jurisdiction will affect you. This includes any government orders related to emergent conditions, such 
as natural disasters and public health emergencies. You should consult your lawyer about each of 
the laws and regulations that apply in your area. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Below is a list of the directors, principal officers, and other individuals who have management 
responsibility for the sale or operation of the franchise offered under this Disclosure Document.  The 
location of employment for each person is McLean, Virginia unless stated otherwise.   
 
Chief Executive Officer and President: Christopher J. Nassetta 
Mr. Nassetta has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton Worldwide since 
September 2013. He has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton since 
December 2007 and was also a Director of Hilton from December 2007 to October 2013.  He served 
as our Chief Executive Officer and President from October 2013 to January 2015.  He served as 
Chief Executive Officer and President of the former franchising entities from October 2013 until 
April 2015.   
 
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Kevin J. Jacobs 
Mr. Jacobs is Chief Financial Officer and has served as President, Global Development for Hilton 
since July 2020.  Mr. Jacobs has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of 
Hilton Worldwide since September 2013 and has also held those positions with us since September 
2013. He has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Hilton since October 
2013.  Mr. Jacobs served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the former 
franchising entities from October 2013 to April 2015.  Mr. Jacobs also served as a Director of Hilton 
from December 2007 to July 2015.  
 
Executive Vice President, General Counsel: Caroline Krass 
Ms. Krass has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since March 
2025.  Before that time, Ms. Krass served as General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Defense, 
where from 2021 to 2025 she was the chief legal officer of the Department and the principal legal 
advisor to the Secretary of Defense. From 2018 to 2021, Ms. Krass served as Senior Vice President 
& General Counsel, General Insurance and Deputy General Counsel of American International 
Group (AIG), where she led a global legal team supporting the primary business unit, as well as the 
