 
53 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
3. 
Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting periodic 
inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure compliance with 
System Standards. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5). 
4. 
If you are operating a restaurant or bar in your Hotel that utilizes a Restaurant Brand, our 
quality assurance program may include conducting periodic inspections and audits to ensure 
compliance with Restaurant Brand Guidelines as well as the Brand Standards. We may utilize 
third-party service providers to conduct these inspections and audits. We will also make 
available to you the services of a team member who will periodically provide you with 
suggestions for the improvement of your restaurant’s or bar’s operations (Restaurant Brand 
Amendment, Section 4). The Monthly Program Fee will not be used to pay for any quality 
assurance program elements that apply exclusively to the Restaurant Brands. 
In furnishing these benefits, facilities or services to you, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
exercise control or supervision over you or your personnel. The management and operation of the 
Hotel is your sole responsibility and obligation. 
Quality Assurance Program 
Our quality assurance program has multiple components. Under this program, we conduct periodic 
inspections of the Hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits (including Stay Score 
assessments) to ensure your Hotel’s compliance with PIP requirements, renovation requirements, 
and overall System Standards.  Our quality assurance fees are listed in Item 6.  The intent of these 
fees is to recoup our actual costs as well as damage and losses incurred in connection with harm 
done to the Brand’s reputation and goodwill as a result of quality and service failures at Brand hotels.  
Accordingly, any amounts collected in excess of our costs will be used to supplement the Monthly 
Program Fee for the benefit of the System and Network as described below, and will not be retained 
by us.   
Our Service Quality Improvement Program (formerly known as the Quality Improvement Program) 
is a part of our quality assurance program. Any hotel that fails to meet our minimum Service Quality 
Standards for more than 6 continuous months may be required to participate in our Service Quality 
Improvement Program, which consists of: (a) completion of a Service Improvement Plan for your 
Hotel; (b) you or your management’s successful completion of our service improvement process 
(which may include additional assessments, re-training, consulting and coaching, or other steps 
administered by us or third-party vendors we designate); and (c) payment of the applicable Service 
Quality Improvement program fees. We may waive one or more these requirements based on the 
particular circumstances at individual hotels. We plan to implement these updates to our Service 
Quality Improvement Program later this year. At that time, we might make certain adjustments to the 
program components and fees. See Item 6.  
 
Advertising 
 
We are not required to engage in or maintain any particular advertising program apart from our 
general obligations to periodically publish and make available to the traveling public a directory of all 
System Hotels (including your Hotel), to include your Hotel in national or regional group advertising 
of System Hotels, and to include your Hotel in international, national and regional market programs. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). Most advertising is placed on the internet, as well as in 
traditional media (such as TV, radio, newspaper, magazine, and direct email), generally with national 
coverage. The source of our advertising is our in-house marketing department, advertising agencies, 
and other external vendors. 
 
