 
41 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
the Manual.  If requested, you must arrange for us and/or our affiliates to participate in all progress 
meetings during the development and construction of the hotel, to have access to all contract and 
construction documents for the hotel and to have access to the hotel during reasonable business 
hours to inspect the hotel and its construction, completion, furnishing and equipment for conformity 
to the finally-approved construction documents. However, we and our affiliates have no obligation to 
participate in progress meetings or to inspect the hotel. Our approval is not a representation of the 
adequacy of the plans and specifications, the structural integrity, or the sufficiency of the mechanical 
and electrical systems for the hotel.  When you begin construction or conversion of the hotel and 
before your Hotel opens for business, both you and your architect or general contractor must provide 
us with a certificate stating that the plans and as-built premises comply with all applicable legal 
requirements relating to accessibility for those with disabilities, as is further described in the Manual.  
If the hotel does not comply with the ADA, you must submit a plan to the ADA consultant detailing 
the plan to bring the hotel into compliance, using the process set out in the Manual.  We may choose 
not to approve your opening if your Hotel is not compliant with the ADA. 
We currently estimate that the required purchases described above represent about 15% to 20% of 
the cost to establish a new System Hotel and about 2% to 5% of operating expenses. 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement and any term extensions, we may periodically require 
you to make additional expenditures and investments to update and maintain your Hotel in 
accordance with the System Standards, to comply with any applicable renovation schedule (including 
any FRCM renovation), and to remove any deficiencies in your Hotel's operations.  
Except as stated above, we do not negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers for the benefit 
of franchisees. There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We provide you with no material 
benefits (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) based on your use of designated 
or permitted sources. Except as described above, we presently receive no payments, discounts, 
rebates, credits or commissions from any supplier based on your purchases from that supplier. 
ITEM 9 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the Franchise Agreement and other 
agreements. It will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these 
agreements and in other Items of this Disclosure Document.  
 
Obligation 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement 
Section in HITS 
Agreement 
Disclosure 
Document Item 
a. Site selection and 
acquisition/lease 
1, 5.1.15 and 5.1.16; 
Addendum 
Not applicable 
7 and 11 
b. Pre-opening purchases and 
leases 
1, 6.1.2, 6.2, 6.3; Addendum 
1.1 and 2.1;  
Order Doc 1.1 to 1.11 
and 4 to 10;  
Schedule B-1 
5, 6, 7, 8 and 11 
c.  Site development and other 
pre-opening requirements 
1, 5.1.17, 6.2, 6.3 and 6.5; 
Addendum 
1.1 
5, 6, 7, 8, and 11 
d.  Initial and ongoing training 
 
4.1, 5.1.5 
Order Doc 1.3 
5, 6, 11 and 15 
e.  Opening 
 
1 and 6.4; 2(a) of Restaurant 
Brand Amendment 
1.1 
7 and 11 
