EXHIBIT _ 
 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. 
Section 3 and Section 13 are amended to provide that Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain 
termination and non-renewal rights. Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 
require, except in certain specified cases, that franchisee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 
60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement. 
 
2. 
Under Minnesota law, Franchisor must indemnify Franchisee against liability to third parties resulting 
from claims by third parties that Franchisee’s use of Franchisor’s trademarks infringes trademark rights 
of the third party. Under Subsection 9.4, Franchisor does not indemnify Franchisee against the 
consequences of Franchisee’s use of Franchisor’s trademarks except in accordance with the 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and, as a condition to indemnification, Franchisee must 
provide notice to Franchisor of any such claim and tender the defense of the claim to Franchisor within 
ten (10) days after the claim is asserted. If Franchisor accepts the tender of defense, Franchisor has the 
right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve 
the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim. 
 
3. 
In compliance with Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J, Subsection 9.6.2 of the Franchise Agreement is 
amended as follows: 
 
The first sentence is amended to read: “If you engage in such non-compliance or unauthorized and/or 
improper use of the System or the Marks during or after the Term, we and any of our applicable Affiliates, 
along with the successors and assigns of each, will be entitled to seek both temporary and permanent 
injunctive relief against you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies we 
and our Affiliates may have at law.”  The second sentence is deleted in its entirety. 
 
 
4. 
The first sentence of Subsection 16.2.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to read as follows: 
 
“The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ¶ 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of 
the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles, provided, 
however, that this Section shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of Franchisee as provided 
for in Minnesota Statutes 1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of 
the courts of Minnesota.” 
 
5. 
The following language will appear at the end of Subsection 16.2.2 of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
“Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document or Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of Franchisee’s rights as provided for in 
Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided 
for by the laws of the jurisdiction.”  
 
6. 
Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from requiring 
Franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  Subsection 13.4 
of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:   
 
“Damages Upon Termination By Us. If we terminate the Agreement under Subsection 13.1 or 13.2 
above, you acknowledge your default will cause substantial damage to us.  You therefore agree that if 
we terminate this Agreement, the termination will not be our sole remedy, and you will also be liable to 
us for all damages and losses we have suffered arising from the early termination of this Agreement to 
the same extent as if you had improperly terminated the Agreement.  You also agree that you will remain 
liable for all other obligations and claims under this Agreement, including obligations following 
termination under Subsections 13.6, 9.6, 10.3 and Section 14 and other damages suffered by us arising 
out of your breach or default.” 
