 
HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE J 
HILTON GARDEN INN REFRESH PROGRAM AGREEMENT 
This Hilton Garden Inn refresh Program Agreement (this “Refresh Program Agreement”) is entered into as of the %HotelApprovedDay% 
day of %HotelApprovedMonth%, %HotelApprovedYear% between Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC a Delaware limited liability company 
(“HSS”) and %LegalEntity% (the “Customer”) for Customer’s Hotel (the “Hotel”) known as %HotelName% (%Inncode%) and located at 
%PropertyAddressLine% 
In connection with the Information Technology Systems Agreement (the “HITS Agreement”) entered into between HSS and Customer 
(and if applicable, in anticipation of the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton Garden Inn brand division hotel), HSS is willing to 
make certain benefits available to Customer for the above Hotel under the Hilton Garden Inn Refresh Program (“Hilton Garden Inn Refresh 
Program” or “Refresh Program”) on the terms, conditions and limitations hereinafter set forth.   
For good, valuable and sufficient consideration, Customer hereby enters into this Refresh Program Agreement, and HSS and Customer 
agree as follows: 
1. Customer’s Benefits. 
a) Equipment License. HSS will provide for use by Customer at Customer’s Hotel that portion of the Authorized Equipment 
needed, as determined solely by HSS, for the network operation of PEP, such equipment more specifically described on 
Attachment (1) attached to and forming part of this Refresh Program Agreement being hereinafter called the “Network Authorized 
Equipment,” together with shipping and transportation costs on such equipment.  HSS hereby licenses to Customer the use of 
such Network Authorized Equipment (the “Equipment License”), subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in this 
Refresh Program Agreement.  The Equipment License and any installation fees for which HSS is responsible under 1(b) are 
provided in consideration of Customer’s Performance of the HITS Agreement and the other obligations of the Customer pursuant 
to this Refresh Program Agreement, without an additional license fee. 
b) Equipment Installation.  Customer will be responsible for the fees and costs for installation services relative to Network 
Authorized Equipment as well as any Standard Plus Equipment. Under the Refreshment Program (the “Refreshment Program”) 
of Network Authorized Equipment, HSS anticipates that Network Authorized Equipment will be replaced or refreshed in HSS’s 
sole discretion (the “Refresh”) on an approximate three (3) year cycle, starting approximately three (3) years after the initial 
shipment of Network Authorized Equipment. HSS will be responsible for the fees and costs for installation services of Network 
Authorized Equipment on the date that such equipment is refreshed under the Refreshment Program.  Customer's Refresh will 
be timed to occur prior to the end of the three (3) year cycle. If Customer fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including 
order dates for equipment and software, Customer will be responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, 
but not limited to, rent extension costs on Network Authorized Equipment and higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance 
and software maintenance. 
c) Electronic Mail. License fees for electronic mail is limited to that necessary to enable three (3) Hilton Garden Inn Brand 
designated accounts and two (2) optional accounts for use by Customer’s Hotel 
2. Customer’s Obligations. Customer will: 
(a) Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement, including, but not limited to, the maintenance of the Network 
Authorized Equipment using the designated Preferred Provider for the Hilton Garden Inn Refresh Program.   
(b) Obtain and keep current insurance on the Network Authorized Equipment against all risks for the approximate value 
of the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(c) Pay any and all federal, state and local sales, use, gross receipts, excise or similar taxes incident to Network 
Authorized Equipment. Customer agrees to pay all such taxes associated with software licensed or sublicensed and 
equipment provided under this Refresh Program Agreement. 
(d) Prevent any liens from attaching to the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(e) Pay for any and all de-installation, transportation and disposal costs of any and all Standard Plus Equipment being 
used by Customer’s Hotel on its Network at the time of installation by HSS’s designee of the Network Authorized 
Equipment under the Refreshment Program.  HSS’s designee, at HSS’s expense, will provide for de-installation of any 
such Network Authorized Equipment then being used by Customer’s Hotel at the time of the installation of Network 
