 
44 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
amount, term, repayment obligations, interest, fees, costs, penalties, security interests, default 
provisions, and other conditions or requirements.  We also cannot determine in advance the type of 
documentation that would be required such as, for example, notes, guarantees, security agreements, 
mortgages, deeds, assignments, equity pledges, credit letters, intercreditor agreements, or other 
instruments. We do not have sample forms of these types of documents. These documents and each 
of their terms would be agreed at the time of origination. 
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
We may provide any of these services through our employees and representatives, through our 
affiliates or through any third-party provider we designate.  
Hilton will, at all times acting on our behalf, discharge all of our duties and obligations under Brand 
franchise agreements governing hotels situated in the US, including: discharging all of our obligations 
to franchisees; managing the Brand and the System; marketing, offering and negotiating new 
franchise agreements (including New Development, Relicensing, and Change of Ownership 
franchise agreements) as our franchise broker; furnishing assistance to Brand franchisees in the US; 
implementing our quality assurance programs; and, otherwise on our behalf, discharging all duties 
we owe under franchise agreements governing Brand hotels in the US.  
Hilton or its affiliates employ all the persons who will provide services to you on our behalf under the 
terms of your Franchise Agreement. If Hilton fails to perform its obligations, then Hilton may be 
replaced as the franchise service provider. However, as the Franchisor, we will always be 
responsible for fulfilling all our duties and obligations under your Franchise Agreement. 
Pre-Opening Phase Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign the Franchise Agreement, but before you open 
your Hotel: 
1. 
We will loan to you a copy of our Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the 
Manual on the Hilton Intranet resources library. The Manual is confidential and is the property 
of our affiliate, Hilton International Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“HIH”) 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). References to the Manual include the Standards, which 
include all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies that have been and 
are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you in connection with the design, 
construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, 
opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality 
assurance of System Hotels, including the Hotel, and for Hotel advertising and accounting, 
whether in the Manual or the Franchise Agreement or other written communication 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 1.0 and 4.6). The Standards do not include any personnel 
policies or procedures that we may, at our option, make available to you in the Manual or 
other written communication.  You may, in your sole judgment, determine to what extent, if 
any, any such personnel policies or procedures might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site. The 
table of contents of the Manual is attached as Exhibit H-1. 
2. 
Before you retain or engage an architect, interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain our prior written consent 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
