 
6 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
We license the Hilton Garden Inn hotel system (“System") consisting of the elements, including know-
how, that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand. The 
System is designed to provide distinctive, high-quality lodging service at hotels licensed under the 
primary service mark “Hilton Garden Inn” designed to provide first-class, upscale hotels.  The System 
currently includes the Brand and the Marks; access to the Reservation Service; advertising, publicity 
and other marketing programs and materials; training programs and materials; standards, 
specifications and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the 
hotel; and other elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual or in other 
communications to you, and programs for our inspecting your Hotel and consulting with you. We 
may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete elements of the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the 
Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we have established as the 
essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments.  
A Hilton Garden Inn hotel is generally 2 to 6 stories, with 80-300 rooms, featuring a unique pavilion 
structure providing a "living room" type lobby.  Each Hotel has an exercise room, self-service laundry 
and parking, and The Shop offering food and other sundries. It features mid-priced, well-appointed 
guest rooms with a business-oriented work area. The guest room amenities include complimentary 
Guest Internet Access, a large work desk, an ergonomic chair, an adjustable desk lamp, a telephone 
with data ports, desk-height electrical outlets, a sitting area, television, and a hospitality center with 
a coffee maker, microwave oven, and refrigerator.   
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers to 
the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so that it 
may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or control of 
an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new franchise after the 
expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a category shown on the 
Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion. 
We also offer licenses for the Restaurant Brands that may be used in the operation of one or more 
restaurant or bar facilities located at your Hotel.  We will begin offering these Restaurant Brands in 
2024.  We will offer several different Restaurant Brands that reflect different dining concepts, as 
detailed on Exhibit J-2. Our Restaurant Brands are optional. You are not required to use any 
Restaurant Brand at your Hotel. Each Restaurant Brand features a distinctive brand name and 
trademark that conveys a specific identity, concept and theme, and the type of dining experience for 
guests, including the type of food and beverages offered, the décor, ambiance, lighting, music, 
operating supplies, and service experience. For each Restaurant Brand we will provide the brand 
name and trademark, along with a package of support materials that includes menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept. We may specify required 
menu items and the types and quality level of other menu items that you may offer.  We do not place 
any restrictions on your sources of food products or other items used in the restaurant, however, any 
sourcing restrictions that apply to restaurants and food and beverage outlets generally under the 
Standards apply to the Restaurant Brands as well.  Currently, the Restaurant Brands do not have 
any quality assurance or training requirements in addition to or separate from those that exist 
generally under the Standards, but we may develop such additional requirements in the future. Our 
Restaurant Brands are designed to provide a solution that you can use when your Hotel will have a 
restaurant or bar facility and the identity, concept and branding elements have not been established 
yet.  Accordingly, our Restaurant Brands are intended to fall within the cost estimates for developing 
