 
HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
and/or service fees and costs in performing a refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment (“Refresh Costs”), then Customer will also 
reimburse HSS for the unamortized value (on a monthly basis over a thirty-six (36) month period) as to such Refresh costs. 
In addition, Customer will pay to HSS a termination fee which is designed to reimburse HSS in part for unamortized or otherwise 
unrecovered costs of the Certified Third Party Software and Vendor Equipment Maintenance Fees under this Refresh Program 
Agreement.  If such termination occurs or if customer’s use of the Preferred Providers terminates during the first year following the 
shipment date of the Network Authorized Equipment to Customer’s Hotel (“Start Date”), the termination fee will be in the amount of 
$5,000.  If such termination occurs during subsequent years following such Start Date, the termination fee will be as follows:  
During second year 
 
$4,000 
During third year  
 
$3,000 
Thereafter 
 
 
$1,000 
Provided, however, if this Refresh Program Agreement is terminated, or if Customer’s use of the Preferred Provider is terminated after a 
Refresh of Network Authorized Equipment, the termination fee will depend upon the period elapsed after the Start Date applicable to 
shipment of the Network Authorized Equipment for each successive Refresh as follows: 
During first year  
 
$4,000 
During second year 
 
$3,000 
During third year  
 
$2,000 
Thereafter 
 
 
$1,000 
5. Property of HSS. The Network Authorized Equipment will be and remain the property of HSS, subject only to the conditional Equipment 
License granted to Customer in this Refresh Program Agreement. 
6. Additional Equipment/Software. Any and all additional Authorized Equipment (“Standard Plus Equipment”) may be purchased or leased 
by Customer from a Preferred Provider. Any and all additional Certified Third Party Software authorized by HSS but not included in the 
Brand standard applicable to Customer (“Standard Plus Software”) may be licensed or sublicensed from HSS or a Preferred Provider.     
7. Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used in this Refresh Program Agreement which are not specially defined in this Refresh Program 
Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the HITS Agreement. 
8. Other Important Provisions. The parties mutually acknowledge and agree that the Network Authorized Equipment is part of the 
Authorized Equipment referred to in the HITS Agreement, that this Refresh Program Agreement is a schedule to the HITS Agreement 
and that this Refresh Program Agreement and its performance by the parties are a part of the transactions contemplated by the HITS 
Agreement.  Upon each Refresh of Network Authorized Equipment, the terms and conditions applicable to any equipment, software or 
services provided for or pursuant to the Refresh will be the same as the terms and conditions of this Refresh Program Agreement, 
including, but not limited to, the termination fees described herein; and, except for such termination fees (as specified above), all terms 
and provisions hereof (including those incorporated by reference below) will apply as if this Refresh Program Agreement was executed 
on the Start Date for each such Refresh.  In the event of conflict between the provisions of this Refresh Program Agreement and the 
provisions of the HITS Agreement, the provisions of this Refresh Program Agreement will prevail.  Except as modified herein, all provisions 
of the HITS Agreement applicable to the Authorized Equipment, Proprietary Software, Certified Third Party Software and Services are 
applicable to the equipment, software, and services described herein or provided hereunder.  Where HSS is providing equipment, 
software or services instead of such items being provided by a Preferred Provider, HSS will be entitled to all of the protections and the 
limitations of warranties, liabilities and damages as if HSS were such Preferred Provider.  Except as the context may otherwise require, 
all references to “this Agreement” in these incorporated provisions will, for purposes of this Refresh Program Agreement, be construed 
to include this Refresh Program Agreement. 
9. Notices. The notice provisions of the HITS Agreement will apply to all notices, requests, demands and other communications under 
this Refresh Program Agreement. 
10. Counterparts. This Refresh Program Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will constitute one and 
the same instrument. 
 
 
