 
35 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
4. 
Before you purchase the land, you should, at a minimum, consider obtaining an 
environmental assessment to determine the environmental condition of the land. Based on this 
report, additional investigations and tests may be necessary before you make your purchase 
decision. Many lenders will require an environmental assessment report before lending purchase 
money. 
5. 
These estimates do not include the cost of the real property due to wide variations in costs 
among geographic areas and at different sites. The cost of land for a hotel varies depending on 
location, size, market prices in the area, accessibility, and special assessments, among other factors.  
If you are converting an existing hotel that you already own or lease, you may have no additional 
real property costs. 
6. 
These estimates relate to a hotel with the elements we require (food and beverage, 
recreational, and other facilities as applicable). These estimates do not take into account local 
requirements such as earthquake requirements or impact fees. Your actual expenditures will depend 
on many variables, such as the size and location of the real property, the quantity and quality of the 
items being purchased, the terms on which the purchases are made, and fluctuations in material and 
labor costs. You may also elect to lease certain items such as the real property. In New Development, 
building construction costs vary greatly from region to region depending on material and labor costs 
and other variables. In Conversions, the renovation costs will vary depending on the age of the facility 
(including code compliance), performance-based requirements (including fire & life safety systems 
and strategy); the use of the existing facility (an existing hotel or an Adaptive Reuse), the condition 
of the facility (including the physical integrity of the structure and envelope), and the state of all 
accoutrements (including the furniture, fixtures, equipment, and finishes) in relationship to 
conformance with our Brand Standards. You are encouraged to independently investigate, before 
executing the Franchise Agreement, the cost of all such items as they will specifically affect your 
investment. 
7. 
This is an estimate for the total cost of furnishing a Brand hotel in the size shown. The cost 
of furniture, fixtures and equipment will depend on the number and type of guest rooms (for example, 
double rooms versus king rooms), the extent of the food and beverage service offered, restaurants, 
lounges and supporting facilities. Estimates for new hotels include the cost of furniture, fixtures and 
equipment for guest rooms, corridors, all public areas, kitchen equipment, laundry equipment, and 
telephone systems.  If you are converting an existing hotel, your costs will most likely be lower, but 
you must conform guest rooms, public areas, the exterior, and all other areas to our Brand 
Standards.  
8. 
Inventory includes food and beverages and other immediately consumable items such as 
fuel, soap, cleansing material, office supplies and similar items. Operating Equipment includes such 
items as chinaware, glassware, linens, silverware and uniforms. 
9. 
Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. The amount 
includes installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain signage 
displaying or containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, 
specifications and standards we establish for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage 
from a vendor currently licensed by us.  You may contact us for a current list.  
10. 
You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer systems, 
including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO system, Delphi Sales and Events 
system, Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key system, and the Hilton 
Opening Transition Tool. The estimated costs to acquire and install each of these systems are shown 
totaled here together, other than the Guest Internet Access system, the Connected Room System, 
