 
60 
2025 US HILTON GARDEN INN 
merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised network or chain 
of guest lodging businesses or any other business regardless of the location of that business, 
network, chain, or other business’s facilities, including within your Restricted Area, and that following 
such activity we may own, operate, manage, franchise, license, or lease those other facilities under 
any brands or marks anywhere, at any time, regardless of the location of those businesses or 
facilities (provided that your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). There is no 
mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels or 
businesses described in this paragraph. 
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel or that include 
the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating to your Hotel 
or the Franchise Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing. You must obtain 
our advance written approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, and any 
proposed links between the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed modifications to 
all Sites and Linked Sites. See Item 11 for further information concerning our Web Site requirements 
and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the channels through which you 
may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchise hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal or 
similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a specified 
location under the trademark “Hilton Garden Inn.” As used in the Franchise Agreement and this 
Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks, including “Hilton” (the “Principal Mark”). The 
Marks include the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, 
emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we designate 
to be used in the System. If you open a restaurant or bar at your Hotel utilizing one of the Restaurant 
Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the applicable 
Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2.  
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service marks, 
which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
Hilton (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
Hilton Garden Inn (words) 
2498208 
October 16, 2001 
Hilton Garden Inn (logo) 
2603019 
July 30, 2002 
 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2. 
 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH has 
certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to terminate 
