 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A19  
16. OPTION TO EXERCISE A SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
A. General. At the expiration of the current term, if you haven’t exhausted all of the successor 
franchise terms, you may be eligible for a successor term of 3 to 5 years. The exact number 
of years for a successor franchise term depends on the lease to the premises, and whether, 
additional terms and length of terms are available under such lease. For certain Wal-Mart 
locations that do not remodel as requested by Wal-Mart, Wal-Mart reserves the right to 
terminate the lease or, in Wal-Mart’s discretion, grant a successor term of only 1 or 2 years or 
an extension of the existing term for 1 or 2 years, subject to a 90-day notice of termination 
without cause.  You must notify us in writing not less than 180 days nor more than 210 days 
prior to the end of each term, conform to the requirements of this Section 16, and not be, or 
have been in the past, in default under any section of the Franchise Agreement for your salon. 
Furthermore, the premises must be available to you for an additional term.  If we are a party 
tenant to the lease for the premise, the Landlord under the master lease for the salon must 
agree with us, in its sole discretion, to enter into a renewal term.  Approvals of successor 
franchise terms are not granted automatically, but are subject to a performance review.  We 
make that determination. 
B. 
Subject to the foregoing, you may execute a successor Franchise Agreement 
subject to the following terms and conditions: 
1. The site/premises must be available. If we are a party tenant to the lease to the 
premises, we will not discuss renewal or the terms of a possible renewal with the 
landlord of the premises until after we receive a signed Franchise Agreement from 
you; 
2. You must have given us not less than 180 days nor more than 210 days’ notice prior 
to the end of your initial three- year term of your intention to extend; 
3. You must be current in all your obligations to us, including for amounts owed Regal by 
you or any of the principals, if you are a corporate entity, with respect to the salon 
operating under this Agreement and with respect to all other locations franchised by 
Regal to you or, if you are a corporate entity, to your principals or affiliates; 
4. You must be in compliance with this Franchise Agreement and the COM and have 
cured any defaults under any provision of this agreement, and, if we are a party tenant 
to the lease for the premises, the lease to the premises; 
5. Working from a checklist, our representative will designate items in need of repair, 
replacement, redecorating, cleaning or other services, and may require a remodel of 
the entire salon premises.  You will be required to obtain estimates for their costs, 
select a contractor or contractors and then make terms with which you are comfortable.  
You will contract with others or us to repair, replace, clean, redecorate or to refurbish 
your salon.  Often, we can help you find qualified contractors to perform that work.  
You must bring the salon to current standards. Bringing your salon to an “as new,” 
condition may require you to replace at your sole cost and expense, including without 
limitation, equipment, signage, décor items, furniture, fixtures, exhaust fans, loose 
wires and other items and products which may reasonable be required by us.  Those 
items are required to enhance the appearance, efficiency and utility of the salon.  They 
may be set forth in the COM or otherwise given you, in writing, by us.  Our 
representative will inspect the salon for you upon the completion of the work, which 
must be accomplished prior to attending the training session, as provided in Section 
16 B. 8.  
6. We shall be the sole judge of what must be done to your salon to bring it to an “as 
