D.
E.
G.
H.
J.
K.
"Base Rent”
means the amount, if any,
set forth
as
such
in the
applicable
Attachment A.
Common Area Maintenance Fee” means the amount, if any, set forth as such in
the applicable Attachment A.
Common Area” means the public access areas of the Store and surrounding land
leased or owned by Landlord on which the Store is located including, but not limited to,
the parking areas, driveways, sidewalks, entrances, and exits in the Store and between the
Store and the Leased Premises.
"Delivery Window” means the
span of time in which Landlord may deliver
possession of the Leased Premises to Tenant.
"Due Date” means the first (1st) calendar day of each month, unless this day falls
on New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day (US), Labor Day, Thanksgiving,
or Christmas, in which case the Due Date means the following business day.
N.
public.
I.
"Delivery Date” means the date on which Landlord delivers possession of the
applicable Leased Premises to Tenant.
2
Template
"Attachment A-l” means an attachment to this Master Lease, incorporated into
this Master Lease upon the full execution of the applicable Attachment A, depicting the
location of the Leased Premises within the Store.
L.
"Expiration Date” means
11:59 p.m. (local time
as to the applicable Leased
Premises) on the last day of the month
in which the anniversary date of the Rent
Commencement
Date,
designated
in
the
applicable
Attachment A,
falls;
provided,
however, if the anniversary date falls between July lsl and December 31st of a given year,
then the Expiration Date extends to 11:59 p.m. (local time as to the applicable Leased
Premises) on January 3 1st of the following year. In case of cancellation or termination of
this Master Lease with respect to a particular Leased Premises, the Expiration Date
becomes the date on which this Master Lease is cancelled or terminated with respect to
such Leased Premises.
"Grand Opening” means the first day on which a Store opens for business to the
F.
"Commencement Notice” means an attachment to this Master Lease, incorporated
into this Master Lease at the time of delivery by Landlord of the Commencement Notice
to Tenant in accordance with Section 19.10 below, which identifies the actual Rent
Commencement Date and the actual Delivery Date with respect to the applicable Leased
Premises.
M.
"Extension Option” means the option, if any, of the applicable Landlord and
Tenant to extend the Lease Term for each Leased Premises, as set forth in the applicable
Attachment A.
