The basic criteria governing signs are as follows:
1.
2.
3.
4.
All fasteners, screws, bolts, etc., used in the fabrication of the signs shall be non-ferrous.
5.
6.
The minimum thickness for the Plexiglas facing shall be 3/16 inch.
7.
8.
9.
Exhibit "D" will be given to the sign company and used by them as a guide in preparing designs
and cost estimates for your approval.
The purpose of this document is to outline the criteria, which has been established governing the
design, fabrication, and installation of Licensee signs.
All signs shall be in the form of individual letters, and conform to the trademark. Regal
Nails, Salon & Spa.
Interior illuminated box type signs or panels with painted or cutout
plastic letters will not be permitted on the buildings.
Lessee shall make arrangements to have a sign approved by HEB and installed on the
Leased Premises on or prior to the day Lessee opens for business.
The sign letters are to be constructed of bronzed anodized aluminum sidewalls and trim.
633 dark, a minimum gauge of .040, with returns pop riveted to the letter backs, with no
pop rivets visible (no armor ply backing will be allowed), with Plexiglas facings lit from
the interior with neon tubing (colors to be submitted to HEB for approval). Acrylic face
retainer moldings shall be 1" deep and match side walls. All letters are to be 5" thick.
Sign letters shall be individually fastened to the storefront/sign band or canopy.
Detail
for specific site will be provided. No raceways will be allowed.
Neon tubing shall be 15 millimeter #6500 Snow White powered by 30MA transformers.
The number of rows of tubing shall always be double.
No flashing lights or animation
permitted.
All sign drawings and lettering shall be submitted to
HEB for approval.
Drawings are to
be submitted for approval before any fabrication has begun.
Any sign erected without
EXHIBIT D
SIGN CRITERIA
18
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\lnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
The vertical height for sign letters is 24 inches.
The length of a sign shall not exceed 80
percent of the lease frontage, and not less than 60 percent of the lease frontage.
(For
example, a 20-foot frontage lease will have a maximum sign length of 16 feet, and a
minimum sign length of 12 feet.)
No stacking of signs will be permitted without HEB
approval.
The necessity for establishing certain basic guidelines which must be followed by the sign
company serves a two-fold purpose. First, it will protect you, the Licensee, from purchasing a sign which
does not meet good standards of material and workmanship.
Secondly, it will assure a consistent,
attractive presentation unmarred by poorly designed, badly proportioned signs.
The most attractive and
successful retail spaces centers are those which have insisted upon sign control.
