 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A28  
caused by our affiliates’ negligence, but excluding those caused by gross negligence or 
intentional torts.  
7. You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the entire cost of the 
actions contemplated by this Section 21, except for those incurred by us, in performing 
inspections. The first is gratis. Subsequent inspections for follow up and for the correction 
of deficiencies from a previous inspection may require your payment of the inspector’s 
expenses and costs. 
8. If we are a party tenant to your lease, actively participate in any pre-Grand Opening 
marketing as required by the lease or the landlord. 
B. Following your Grand Opening and continuing: 
1. Operate your salon in conformity with such standards, techniques and procedures as we 
may from time to time reasonably prescribe in the Confidential Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing and refrain from deviating there from without our prior written consent. 
2. Train your employees in the Regal Nails Salon & Spa system and the standards set forth 
in the Confidential Operations Manual.  
3. Be able to perform at least the following services:  provide and apply full sets of nails, 
provide refills, perform manicures and pedicures, remove polishes and lacquers, repair 
broken, chipped and cracked nails, perform French and American manicures, apply 
various designs and appliqués, do pink and white nails and other services dictated by 
fashion and/or as we may prescribe from time to time. 
4. Refrain from performing piercing, tattooing, full body massage, and any other 
unauthorized services.  
5. Refrain from permitting the presence of “Credo” or other razor-type tools in your salon. 
6. Consider the recommended use of an FDA-approved autoclave to sterilize your 
instruments after use on each customer. And also follow your state board rules and 
regulations in relation to the cleaning and sterilization of your salon and equipment. 
7. For Wal-Mart locations, perform no services other than manicures, pedicures, and limited 
waxing, unless authorized to do so by us; services provided by your salon should only be 
performed in a properly licensed salon by properly licensed technicians. You are 
responsible for ensuring that you and your technicians are licensed for the services that 
you and they are providing. You are not permitted to offer or perform underarm, bikini, 
Brazilian, or other private region waxing services; these type of waxing services are not 
authorized. For locations in Wal-Mart stores: limited waxing services are subject to the 
Wal-Mart requirement that it is not advertised excepted on your price list and menu and 
our approval. Wal-Mart at its discretion may prohibit waxing services at its locations. If a 
certain service is prohibited by Wal-Mart at your location, including all waxing services, 
you will immediately cease offering and performing such services. Eyelash extension 
services is a privilege that may be obtained if certain conditions are met; these services 
are not rights but privileges, which we reserve the right to grant subject to conditions, 
revoke, and/or reinstate.  
8. To be eligible to perform eyelash extension services, you must meet the following 
conditions. (At this time, eyelash extension services are available only on a test case 
basis. Meeting these conditions does not guarantee our authorization of eyelash extension 
services at your salon.): 
