 
Disclosure Document 
29 
supplies, stationery, cotton goods, advertising, flyers, handouts, samples, bric-a-brac, 
telephone line installation, etc.  
 (12) Additional Funds is an estimate of the funds needed to cover business (not personal) 
expenses during the first 3 months of operation of the franchised salon.  You will need capital 
to support on-going costs of your businesses, such as additional supplies, additional 
inventory, advances, advertising, flyers, labor costs and your salary, marketing expenses, 
utilities, taxes, loan payments, maintenance costs, and other expenses, to the extent that 
revenues do not cover business costs.  In addition, the estimates presented relate only to 
costs associated with the franchise business and do not cover any personal, "living" or other 
expenses you may have. Additionally, you are responsible for connecting utilities if they are 
not connected by the premises’ landlord, such as telecommunication services, including 
internet or data services so that we have access to your merchant services solution and, if 
applicable, your Point of Sale System. This range was determined based on the experience 
of our system franchisees. 
 
(13) States and local authorities levy sales taxes, use taxes, trademark license taxes and 
other types taxes – however denominated – on, or required to be collected, or paid by us or 
our affiliates (but not including corporate income taxes imposed on us or our affiliates) on 
account of goods or services we or our affiliates have furnished to you through sale, lease or 
otherwise, or on account of collection by us of the Initial Franchise Fee, Monthly Fees or other 
fees called for by this Agreement. Except for sales taxes, which may range from $3,000 to 
$5,000, we cannot predict whether you will have to pay any of these taxes or estimate how 
much they will be. 
 (14) The chart is intended to show the range of costs for our smallest salon (400 sq. ft., and 
assuming no supplemental furnishings, equipment, etc., purchases beyond those items 
provided in the Snow White Package, no applicable rental tax, and occupancy on the first day 
of a calendar month, thus requiring no Pro-Rated Monthly Rent payment)  and our largest 
salon (1500 sq. ft., and assuming $27,249 in supplemental furnishings, equipment, etc. and 
the greatest possible Pro Rata Monthly Rent payment under the current rental structure). 
(Refer to Item 5 of this disclosure document for additional rent and rental tax information).     
 
We offer no financing other than that shown in Item 10. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
We may require that products and services purchased for your salon: (a) meet certain 
specifications; (b) be a specific brand, kind, or model; (c) be purchased only from suppliers or 
providers that we have expressly approved of; and/or (d) be purchased from sources that we 
choose (which may include us or our affiliates or related companies or a buying cooperative 
organized by us or our affililiates or related companies). We will publish all our requirements 
in the Confidential Operations Manual (“COM”) or otherwise comminucate them to you in 
writing. We may designate certain authorized products and services and select specific 
products and services as optional or mandatory. All mandatory items must be present in your 
salon and/or used, as applicable. You must comply with any terms, conditions, or other 
restrictions imposed by the suppliers or providers concerning your purchase. This includes, 
without limitation, terms of payment, unless a charge is being disputed. You must maintain 
enough inventory of products to meet our standards as set forth in the COM or as otherwise 
communicated to you in writing. You acknowledge and agree that we our affiliates or related 
companies may negotiate purchase agreements with designated and approved suppliers and 
