Master Lease Agreement
Whereas, Landlord operates discount retail stores nationwide;
Definitions.
1.1
A.
1
Whereas, Tenant operates a full service nail salon (described more fully in
Appendix- 1) and desires to lease space within one or more Stores from which to operate
such full service nail salon; and
Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises and premises set forth
above and below, the receipt and sufficiency of which the parties hereby acknowledge,
the parties hereby agree as follows:
Whereas, Landlord desires to lease space in one or more of its Stores to Tenant,
so Tenant may operate such full service nail salon in the Store.
Affiliate” means a corporation related to Tenant by shareholdings or any
other means of control, a subsidiary of Tenant, Tenant’s parent company or a
sibling company of Tenant, in each case known to Landlord on the Effective
Date.
Article I
General Provisions
C.
“Attachment A” means an attachment to this Master Lease, incorporated
into this Master Lease when fully signed by Tenant and by the particular Landlord
with
authority
to
lease
the
Leased
Premises
identified
in
the
applicable
Attachment A, that identifies the Store in which the Leased Premises is located;
the
size of the Leased Premises;
the anticipated Delivery Window and the
anticipated Delivery Date; the anticipated Rent Commencement Date, the Base
Rent and the Percentage Rent, as applicable; and the Extension Option.
Wal-Mart Stores East, LP, individually and only as to Stores (as defined below)
owned, leased, or operated in AL, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, ME, MD, MA, MI,
MS, MO, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, OH, OK, PA, RI, SC, TN, VT, VA, WI and WV;
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., individually and only as to Stores owned or leased in AK, AR,
AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, IL, IA, KS, MN, MT, NE, NV, ND, OR, SD, UT, WA and WY;
Wal-Mart Louisiana, LLC, individually
and only
as to
Stores owned or
leased in
Louisiana; Wal-Mart Stores Arkansas, LLC, individually and only as to Stores owned or
leased in Arkansas; and Wal-Mart Stores Texas, LLC, individually and only as to Stores
owned or leased in Texas (each referred to as “Landlord” for purposes of this Master
Lease as it applies to the Store) and Regal Nails, Salon and Spa, LLC (“Tenant”) enter -
.
into this Master Lease effective the 6lh day of March, 2009 (the “Effective Date”).
* ' ( U /
B.
“Appendix- 1” means an appendix to this Master Lease, incorporated into
this Master Lease when fully signed by Tenant and Landlord, which provides
obligations of Landlord and Tenant specific to Tenant’s Permitted Uses (as
designated in Appendix-1) contemplated by Landlord and Tenant at the time this
Master Lease was entered into.
