VII.
per month
VIII.
B.
C.
Licensee shall separately operate its own cash register for its sales within the Premises.
Licensee
shall pay when due (a) any and all sales taxes imposed on Licensee's sales; (b) all personal
property taxes assessed against the Licensee's personal property contained in the Premises; and
(c) all other taxes imposed on Licensee's business.
Telephone and Data.
.
Licensee may, at its sole cost and expense, install telephones
within the Premises, provided, however, that any such telephone/ data system shall be
installed by HEB approved vendor and in compliance with Exhibit E for definition.
HEB
will provide conduit and pull cable to the premises for Licensee use.
Signs.
Licensee may, at its sole cost and expense, place and display professionally made
signs identifying its operations on the Premises, provided, however, that any such signs
shall
be of such
appearance, dimensions,
location
and number
as
HEB
in
its
sole
discretion may approve in advance, see Exhibit D for definition.
Upon removal of Licensee’s signs
at the expiration or termination of this
License
Agreement, Licensee agrees to repair all damage, including, but not limited to, repairing
holes and repainting, to the building fascia, Premises walls, or any other area containing
Licensee's signs.
All initial alterations for the Inline space, including but not limited to modification to the
storefront, installation of a front door, and erection of the demising wall, shall
be
Licensee's sole responsibility and cost per Exhibit C.
HEB shall have no responsibility
for construction of the Alterations.
Licensee, at Licensee's expense, shall comply with all laws, rules, orders, ordinances,
directions,
regulations,
and
requirements
of federal,
state,
county
and
municipal
authorities, now in force or which may hereafter be in force, which shall impose any duty
upon HEB or Licensee with respect to the use, occupation or alteration of the Premises.
3
O:\RealEstate\Pnvate\Shopping Center Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
IMPROVEMENTS, SIGNS, ADDITIONS, REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE.
A.
Alterations for In Line.
Licensee shall not make any alterations or improvements in or
about the Premises without HEB's prior written consent, which may be withheld in HEB's
sole
discretion.
Licensee
shall
provide
HEB
detailed
plans
of any
alterations,
improvements, or additions.
All alterations, improvements or additions shall become
HEB's property.
UTILITES.
HEB shall pay during the term hereof all electric, water, and other public utility
charges; provided, however telephone service charges in connection with Licensee’s occupancy
and use of the Premises shall be paid by Licensee.
Licensee shall pay to HEB
(in addition to Minimum Guaranteed Rent as set out in paragraph 4.a.) commencing on the
Commencement Date as their payment for water and electricity, HEB shall have the right to
adjust the monthly utility charge as appropriate which shall not exceed 10% every year. Licensee
shall comply with all of HEB’s reasonable directives as to utility usage during the term hereof.
Licensee
shall
pay
all
costs of operating
and maintaining all
equipment
in the
Premises.
Interruption or termination of any utility service to the Premises or Store shall in no event render
HEB
liable
in damages or otherwise to Licensee or its permittees, constitute
an actual
or
constructive eviction, constitute a breach by HEB of any part of this Premises, or work an
abatement of any rent or relieve Licensee of any of its obligations under this License Agreement.
