 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A59  
9. No Duty to Mitigate 
In any of the events above, we shall have no duty to mitigate our damages, although we 
may attempt to do so. Our damages may include among other things, Monthly Fee, taxes, 
insurance, trial expenses, attorney’s fees, witness travel fees, court costs, expenses to 
put the premises in good order to be re-let, commissions, charges paid or assumed by us 
in re-letting the premises, or on any part of the Monthly Fee that may be collected by suit 
or by the attorney after the same is past due. Our recovery, if any, shall first be applied to 
the foregoing and then to the fulfillment of the terms of this sublease.  
10. Holdover  
If you continue to accept the benefits of this Agreement after its expiration we may, at our 
option, treat this Agreement as: (1) expired as of the date of expiration and you will be 
occupying the premises without the right to do so, or (2) continued on a month-to-month 
basis (“Holdover Period”) and all of your obligations will remain will remain in full force and 
effect during the Holdover Period except, however, you will be charged a monthly amount 
equal to 150% of the sum of your Monthly Fee, plus 150% of your Monthly Utility Charge 
and/or CAM, as due under this Agreement (“Holdover Amount”).  Furthermore, this 
Holdover Amount will increase 4% annually. Each Holdover Period expires at the end of 
each calendar month unless this Agreement is continued as provided in Section 16 above.  
The Holdover Period does not create any new possession rights and upon expiration of the 
final Holdover Period, you will be bound by all post-term obligations as provided in this 
Agreement.  If we deem this Agreement as expired and you continue your possession of 
the premises in violation of this Agreement, you will be responsible for any and all costs 
and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, we incur in enforcing our rights 
under this Agreement, resulting from your holdover possession of the premises, and/or as 
a result of any subsequent actions we take to remove you from the premises. 
11. Repairs and Maintenance and Handling Hazardous Substances 
You at your sole cost and expense shall maintain the premises in compliance with 
applicable law and in good order and clean and sanitary condition, free of debris and 
offensive odors, ordinary wear and tear excepted. You at your sole cost and expense and 
according to applicable law shall effect all repairs to the premises, except those that are 
the responsibility of the Landlord under the Master Lease Agreement and all its 
attachments and addendums to the premises, that are commercially necessary and 
desirable to maintain the premises in a safe, dry and tenantable condition. Additionally, at 
your sole cost and expense, you shall handle, manage, transport, and dispose of all 
hazardous substances created by you, your agents, your employees or your 
representatives in any process, action, or inaction in connection with the premises, in 
accordance with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations; you must 
maintain and provide upon request proof of your compliance with applicable Federal, 
State, and local laws and regulations concerning the use, handling, management, storage, 
transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances. 
12. Remodel 
You may not remodel the salon and premises without our prior approval and authorization. 
During Landlord’s renovation of its store, you will repair, update, and upgrade the trade 
fixtures, equipment, furniture, décor, improvements, and the salon and premises, unless 
you have repaired, updated, and upgraded said items within the three consecutive 
preceding years.   
13. Right to Inspect 
