 
Disclosure Document 
44 
from us.  You can use any computer hardware and software you desire to access the Internet.   
Our designated merchant services solution and Point of Sale system is not included 
in your Snow White Package. We have the right to designate and require your use of a specific 
merchant services solution and Point of Sale system, including both the hardware and the 
software. When made available, you must also subscribe to our designated cloud-based data 
storage service. You are required to grant us or our representatives access to the data stored 
on the designated Point of Sale system and merchant services solution.  
Currently, we require that you purchase the merchant services solution hardware that 
we designate and from the vendor we designate and you must use such vendor in connection 
with the merchant services.  The same hardware you purchase in connection with the 
designated merchant services solution can also be used by you, at your election, as the 
hardware for your Point of Sale system. We do not currently require that you utilize a Point of 
Sale system, however, if you elect to implement one, it must be our designated point of sale 
system and you must subscribe to the designated point of sale system software.   
New franchisees must purchase the designated merchant services solution and, if they 
so choose, the Point of Sale system, directly from our designated vendor. Existing franchisees 
must purchase the designated merchant services solution and Point of Sale System hardware 
on the earlier of the renewal of their Franchise, as a condition of renewal, or receipt of 
notification from us. The merchant services solution and Point of Sale system ranges from 
$750 to $1,800 per terminal..  There is no contractual limit on our ability to upgrade, modify, 
or replace the merchant services solution or the point of sale system, or bring your system 
online with our headquarters computer.  We do not require that you sign a computer 
maintenance agreement with the manufacturer of the merchant services solution and Point of 
Sale System or any third party supplier, but reserve the right to do so in the future.  However, 
it is ultimately your responsibility to ensure that the merchant servies solution and Point of 
Sale system remains in good repair and condition to the extent that all transactions will be 
conducted on it, that access to the data is not blocked or otherwise obstructed, and that 
connection to the cloud databases remains intact.  The monthly fee for the software needed 
to use your Point of Sale system, should you choose to do so, is currently $14 per month, 
which may be increased by the vendor. 
You must provide certain sales data to us in a specified format. We must be able to 
extract this information from yourmerchant services solution and from your Point of Sale 
system, if implemented, and must have unlimited, independent access to all of the information 
and data. You (and existing franchisees that do not yet use the Point of Sale system) may 
provide us this information by mail, email, or fax or mail in the form previously provided to you 
, however, all franchisees must use our merchant services solution and must grant us 
unlimited access to the information stored by the merchant services solutionUntil the data is 
accessible by us from your merchant services solution and/or Point of Sale system, you must 
provide a monthly gross sales report in a prescribed format, as explained in the COM, which 
will include a certification by you of the accuracy of the report.  You must comply with these 
reporting requirements and are responsible for the cost of compliance, as well as any charges 
assessed for any underreporting.  You are solely responsible for your own books and records.  
You must maintain monthly records of gross sales, tax returns, personnel records and I-9’s, 
and other specified information on your salon premises for at least 36 months after each fiscal 
year, all of which are subject to audit/inspection by us and/or our landlord, if you are 
subleasing a location from us. You may be penalized by us and/or our landlord, if you are 
subleasing a location from us, for inaccurate reporting. 
