 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A22  
dictated by the terms of the lease to the premises. We have no control over the increases to 
the Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM. You acknowledge having received and reviewed the 
lease to the premises applicable to this Franchise Agreement. 
For locations where we are a party tenant to the lease, the monthly base rent is included in 
the Monthly Fee. You may request that we negotiate a more favorable monthly base rent for 
the premises, but you agree and understand that does not mean we promise or guarantee 
results to your satisfaction. Additionally, you understand that if you request that we negotiate 
a more favorable monthly base rent for you that you are assuming the risk that our landlord 
view such negotiations as a decline of its offer and may not renew the lease to the salon 
premises. Given the above, you further hereby release, indemnify, and agree to hold Regal 
Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC, its principals, employees, and agents harmless from any and all 
claims, actions, demands, and/or damages to persons, property, or reputation arising out of 
or, related to, or resulting from such lease negotiations.    
18. DUTIES OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA 
The duties of Regal Nails, Salon & Spa are as follows: 
A. 
 Prior to your Grand Opening we will:  
Site Development, Acquisition, Build Out, Complete and Deliver the Fully Equipped and 
Tested Salon 
1. 
For locations that we are a party tenant to: 
a. Locate a site for your approval in a big box retailer. 
b. Lease that premises 
c. Sublease to you the premises, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, 
including the Sublease Schedule. 
2. 
For locations that we are not a party tenant to: 
a. Review the site you have selected. 
b. Review the proposed lease to see if meets our minimum requirements for a system 
salon. 
c. If both site and lease meet our minimum requirements, approve both. 
The parties acknowledge and agree that our site approval is not an assurance 
that the salon will achieve a certain sales volume or level of profitability; it 
means only that the proposed site meets our minimum criteria for a system 
salon.  The parties further acknowledge and agree that our approval of a lease 
does not mean that the economic terms of the lease are favorable, it means only 
that the lease contains the lease terms that we require. 
3. Have the salon built by a contractor approved by us.  
4. See to the timely completion of construction prior to Grand Opening day. Grand Opening 
day will be agreed to by us, you and the landlord. In the event of that no agreement is 
made about Grand Opening day, then Grand Opening day will be decided and 
designated by us and binding on you upon 30-day notice. If we a party tenant to the 
lease, then the landlord’s timetable will dictate the Grand Opening date. We are not 
responsible or liable to you or the Landlord for any delays caused by reasons outside of 
our control including delays by you, the Landlord, governmental entities, and Force 
Majeure.  
