10.9
11.1
11.2
Election to Rebuild.
11.3
Applicable Leased Premises is closed for repair, or
A.
B.
Fire or Other Casualty. Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord, in writing, of any damage
caused to a Leased Premises by casualty.
Article XI
Casualty
31
Template
10.10
Sublease. Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant may sublease a
Leased Premises to a Sublessee pursuant to a Sublease and any such sublease shall not be
considered a Transfer for purposes of this Lease.
Tenant’s operations within the Leased Premises are impaired by the structural
damage and subsequent repairs.
Rent Abatement. If Landlord elects to repair the structural damage to a Leased Premises
damaged by casualty, Landlord may abate Rent due on the applicable Leased Premises to
the extent that the:
Non-Disturbance.
Notwithstanding anything in this Article X to the contrary, provided
Tenant is not in default under this Master Lease following any applicable notice and cure
period, Landlord shall not disturb Tenant’s occupancy of the Leased Premises.
In
addition, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain nondisturbance
agreements from any future mortgagees of Landlord.
A.
Landlord may elect to repair and restore structural damage to a Leased Premises
damaged by casualty and shall notify Tenant of its election in writing within sixty (60)
days after Landlord receives notice of the casualty damage.
C.
If Landlord elects to repair the structural damage to a Leased Premises damaged
by casualty, Landlord, after notifying Tenant of its election, will diligently undertake the
appropriate measures necessary to complete the repairs to the applicable Leased Premises
in a commercially reasonable amount of time. Landlord will return the applicable Leased
Premises to Tenant in substantially the same condition the applicable Leased Premises
was in on the Delivery Date.
Tenant will then complete the build-out of the applicable
Leased
Premises with commercially
reasonable diligence
and
return the applicable
Leased Premises to substantially the same condition the applicable Leased Premises was
in immediately prior to the casualty.
B.
If Landlord does not elect to repair and restore structural damage to a Leased
Premises damaged by casualty, this Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises
will terminate.
