 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A5 
 
a. If you renege within 30 days after signing the Franchise Agreement and have 
not yet obtained our approval for a site, then you may request a refund of your 
Initial Franchise Fee less $15,000.  
b. You forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee if you renege after obtaining our 
approval of a site. There will be no refund. 
c.  You forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee if you fail to select a site, get our 
approval for the site, and secure such site from the landlord within 60 days of 
signing the Franchise Agreement. There will be no refund. 
d. You forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee if you fail to remit to us the $45,000 
Confirmation Fee within 60 days of signing the Franchise Agreement. There 
will be no refund. 
K.  There are no refunds under any other circumstances. 
7. PREPAID EXPENSES, PAID TO REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA 
In addition to the costs of your salon and of any extras, you also agree to pre-pay these 
expenses upon the delivery, installation and set-up of your salon, as set forth below. If by the 
time that this Franchise Agreement is executed and the salon square footage and/or the 
monthly amounts due have yet to be determined, a Franchise Commencement Agreement 
shall be executed by us and you upon the determination of the salon square footage and/or 
the monthly amounts due. 
A.   First and Last Month’s Monthly Fee - This is a prepaid expense which represents the first 
and last month’s Monthly Fee.  If we are a party tenant to the lease of the premises, your 
monthly franchise fee, base rent and rental tax for the sublease of the premises will be 
included in your Monthly Fee. See Section 50 for Monthly Fee amount. 
B. Rental Tax – For locations where we are a party tenant to the lease, the rental tax amount 
is included along with the monthly franchise fee and base rent in the Monthly Fee. Currently, 
rental tax is imposed in the states of Arizona and Florida, however, if the state in which your 
franchise is located imposes such taxes, we will implement the same procedure to collect and 
remit those taxes as well. We reserve the right to raise your Monthly Fee by any rental tax 
amount imposed if such tax is imposed during the term.  
C. Monthly Utility Charge and/or Common Area Maintenance (CAM) – For the purposes of 
this Franchise Agreement, CAM includes CAM charges, property insurance, and the property 
tax charged by the landlord if we are party tenant to the lease of the premises. For locations 
where we are a party tenant to the lease, if the landlord charges a Monthly Utility Charge 
and/or CAM, you must prepay any pro-rata and first full month’s Monthly Utility Charge and/or 
CAM to us. The amount of the Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM is set forth in the Section 
50 along with any increases to it.  
D. Security Deposit – An amount equal to the final two months’ Monthly Fee, plus any 
applicable Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM is charged for your Security Deposit.  It earns 
no interest for you.  We have no obligation to maintain the Security Deposit in a separate 
account under the terms of this Agreement and may comingle it with our other monies.  We 
may, but are not obligated to, at our sole discretion, apply your Security Deposit against any 
overdue balance due to us under this Agreement or under any other agreement or 
arrangement you have with Regal, including but not limited to other franchise agreements for 
other locations franchised with you or your principals, if you are a corporate entity, or toward 
damages for your failure to perform the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the duties 
prescribed to you in the COM. You must replenish your Security Deposit to the original amount 
