 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A33  
than $2,000 Per Loss, except where the salon is situated in a coastal area, which has property 
coverage that may have a Wind/Hail deductible no worse than 10% of the coverage limit(s). A 
Wind/Hail exclusion is not acceptable. We are to be provided and scheduled as Loss Payee status 
with regards to any Property Insurance coverage.  We further reserve the right to designate a 
required provider for such coverage, as well as a designated payee. 
C. Should you operate a vehicle in conjunction with the franchise, that vehicle shall be insured 
to the limits set forth in Section 23 A, supra.  That policy shall be written by a company rated by 
Best as A+ and a certificate of insurance furnished to us. 
D. Before commencing business, you shall make provisions for statutory workers’ compensation 
insurance or employer’s liability insurance, social security taxes and unemployment taxes, 
withholding taxes.  You must display a framed certificate of workers compensation insurance. 
E.  You must comply with the coverage limits for Worker’s Compensation and Employer’s Liability 
as set forth in the lease to the premises if we are a party tenant to such lease, which states that 
Worker’s Compensation with statutory limits, or if none exist, then $500,000 per occurrence; and 
Employer’s Liability coverage with minimum limits of $500,000 for each employee for bodily injury 
by accident and $500,000 for each employee for bodily injury by disease. 
F. You agree to submit incident reports for all accidents occurring in your salon immediately, 
following an accident and to assist and cooperate with your insurance adjuster. 
G. We reserve the right to modify or to increase or to decrease the amount of or the types of 
coverages required during the term of this agreement.  That right is unrestricted but is based on 
changes in the market place, experience, inflation, law or regulations.  If you are required to 
purchase the required additional or modified coverages through us, any changes in the premium 
will be passed on to you, which you agree to pay.  
H. It is your responsibility to review your CGL and PL and, if applicable, limited property insurance 
policy to ensure that the proper coverages are in place for your salon and the services you 
provide. The policies retained by us for you cover you for at least manicures, pedicures, and 
limited waxing. Any additional services may require additional coverage not found in the policy 
obtained by us for you. Further, if applicable, the limited property insurance is limited in its 
coverage up to a certain dollar amount; if you wish to either increase or decrease the limits of the 
property insurance, you may do so by contacting the approved insurance agent vendor, but you 
assume all risks and costs by doing so. 
I. 
You are solely responsible for ensuring that you have all coverages required by state and 
federal agencies to own and operate your business.  
J. In the event we discontinue or do not offer certain insurance coverage through us or through 
our designated insurance providers, you must obtain for yourselves all minimum required 
insurance coverages and limits as set forth above in Section 23 A. The insurance must be 
underwritten by insurers licensed and admitted to write coverage in the state in which your salon 
is located and with a rating of “A+” or better with a financial size category raiting of VII or better 
as rated in the A.M. Best Key Rating Guide for Property and Casualty Insurance Companies.  The 
insurance policy or policies must protect you, us, and our affiliates, and our and our affiliates’ 
respective, past, present, and future officers, directors, owners, members, managers, employees, 
consultants, attorneys, and agents against any loss, liability, personal injury, death, property 
damage, or expense whatsoever arising out of or occurring upon or in connection with the 
condition, operation, management, use, or occupancy of your salon as well as any vehicles used 
in connection with the franchise. 
