HH.
Landlord’s Entry into the Agreement.
1.2
B.
1.3
1.4
Granting Language.
Upon thefull execution of the applicable Attachment A, Landlord
leases to Tenant and Tenant rents from Landlord (subject and subordinate to any
mortgage, deed or trust, other lien and any other matters ofrecord presently existing or
hereafter placed upon the applicable Leased Premises, the Common Areas, the Store,
or
any
combination
thereof)
the
Leased
Premises
identified
in
the
applicable
Attachment A and further depicted in the applicable Attachment A-l to have and to
hold subject to the terms of this Master Lease, by which the parties intend to be legally
“Utility Reimbursement Fee” means the amount, if any, set forth as such in the
applicable Attachment A.
If, during the term of this Master Lease, it is determined that any Restriction on
the use of the Leased Premises exists, Landlord may terminate this Master Lease as to the
affected Leased Premises and the Master Lease and applicable Attachment A will be null
and void as to such Leased Premises without further action by Landlord or Tenant.
Neither Landlord nor Tenant will be liable to the other for any damages, loss, or liability
in connection with the termination of this Master Lease
as to the affected
Leased
Premises.
5
Template
Landlord’s Overlease. If Landlord is itself a lessee of a Store in which a Leased Premises
is located, so that this Master Lease as to the particular Leased Premises is actually a
sublease, Landlord will provide to Tenant, upon Tenant’s reasonable request, a copy of
the overlease under which Landlord holds the Leased Premises as lessee.
Tenant accepts
this Master Lease subject to all the terms and conditions of such overlease and covenants
that it will do no act or thing that would constitute a violation of the overlease.
FF.
“Tenant’s Pro Rata Share” means the product of a fraction derived from time to
time by dividing the gross square foot area of the subject Leased Premises for the period
in question by the gross square foot area of the Store containing such Leased Premises for
the same period.
GG.
“Trade Fixtures” means any attached or unattached, moveable or non-moveable,
fixture, furniture, or equipment unique to Tenant’s business, the installation and removal
of which requires no cutting, drilling, or other defacing of the Leased Premises.
A.
Each Landlord enters into this Master Lease severally and solely as to the Store it
operates and in which the Leased Premises is located and without any obligation with
respect to any other Store.
Accordingly, only the respective Landlord that operates the
Store in which such Leased Premises is located may execute, for a Leased Premises, an
Attachment A.
II.
“White Box” means the interior condition of the Leased Premises with sprinklers,
sheetrock walls, ceiling grid, HVAC installed, electrical service to the Leased Premises,
security gate, acoustic ceiling tile, lighting and electrical outlets, and access to water and
sewer.
