 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A52  
39. 
BINDING EFFECT/ MODIFICATION 
This agreement shall be binding on the heirs, assigns, personal representatives or successors of 
the parties.  The agreement may not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties. 
40. 
NON-WAIVER 
If we allow you to deviate from this agreement, we may insist upon strict compliance at any time 
thereafter, with or without written notice.  Our silence or inaction will not be, or will not establish a 
waiver, consent or course of dealing, implied modification or an estoppel.  All modifications, 
waivers, approvals and consents by us must be in writing and signed by an authorized 
representative to be effective. Unless otherwise provided in this agreement, concerning certain 
issues, whenever this agreement requires you to obtain our written consent, or permits us to take 
any action or refrain from taking any action, we are free to act in our own self-interest without any 
obligation to act reasonably; to consider the impact on you; or to act subject to any other standard 
of care limiting our right, except as may be provided by statute or regulations. 
41. 
VARIATION OF TERMS AND STANDARDS 
You acknowledge that because uniformity under many varying conditions may not be possible or 
practical, we reserve the right to materially vary our standards,  Franchise Agreement terms or 
enforcement or any of our standards or Franchise Agreement terms for any franchised Business, 
based on the timing of the grant of the franchise, the peculiarities of the particular location or 
circumstances, business potential, existing business practices, other non-arbitrary distinctions or 
any other condition which we consider important to the successful operation of the franchised 
Business. You will have no right to require us to disclose any variation or to grant the same or a 
similar variation to you. 
42. 
CHOICE OF LAW / SEVERABILITY 
Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946, (Lanham Act 15 USC 
§ 1051 et seq.), this agreement shall be construed under the laws of the state of the State of 
Louisiana, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law, except that you will not be 
entitled to any rights under any Louisiana franchise or registration law, unless the franchised salon 
is in Louisiana or the jurisdictional requirement of the law is otherwise met without reference to 
the choice of law provision in this Section 42. 
Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each section, part, term, and/or 
provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable, and if, for any reason, any 
section, part, term, and/or provision herein is determined to be invalid or contrary to, or in 
conflict with, any existing or future law or regulation by a court or agency having valid 
jurisdiction, such shall not impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such 
other portions, sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions of this Agreement as may remain 
otherwise intelligible, and the latter shall continue to be given full force and effect and bind 
the parties hereto, and said invalid sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions shall be 
deemed not to be a part of this Agreement; provided, however, that if Regal Nails, Salon & 
Spa determines that such finding of invalidity or illegality adversely affects the basic 
consideration of this Agreement, Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, at its option, may terminate 
this Agreement. 
43. 
ATTORNEY’S FEES 
Should it become necessary for us to engage the services of an attorney to correct any error or 
omission on your part, or to defend any claim made or brought by a third party as a result of your 
actions or inactions under the terms of this agreement, or to enforce or to defend any right of 
