 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A3 
 
B. If your two successor options have not been exhausted, you may be able to sign a 
successor Franchise Agreement and, perhaps another consecutive successor Franchise 
Agreement, but there is no automatic right to any.  We require satisfaction of all the conditions 
listed in Section 16, prior to the grant of a successor franchise.  
C. You may not assume that you have been granted an option for a successor Franchise 
Agreement until you receive written confirmation from us.  A survey from us to you inquiring 
as to your intentions about renewal is not a written confirmation for a successor Franchise 
Agreement from us. See Section 16, infra.  If we a party tenant to the lease of the premises 
and if, for any reason, we should lose our rights to occupy the leased premises, this 
Agreement shall terminate on the date on which our rights terminate, with no liability on our 
part. 
6. REQUIRED INITIAL PAYMENTS AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
The following is applicable to new franchised locations: 
A. You will be required to purchase from us the Snow White Package, the price of which will 
depend on the square footage of your salon.  The Snow White Package in the 50 U.S. states 
will cost $150,000 for Wal-Mart locations and $250,000 for non-Wal-Mart locations, against 
which the $25,000 Initial Franchise Fee and the $45,000 Confirmation Fee will be credited, 
provided that you paid the full Initial Franchise Fee and Confirmation Fee. The Snow White 
Package includes the build out of the salon, its furniture, fixtures, equipment including 
autoclave, décor, initial inventory, stock set up, delivery charges, testing and all the leasehold 
improvements. 
B. In High Cost Areas in the 50 U.S. states, the Snow White Package will cost from $200,000 
for Wal-Mart locations and $300,000 for non-Wal-Mart locations. High Cost Areas are: AK, 
AZ, CA, CT, FL, HI, MA, (within a 65 mile radius of Boston’s City Hall), NH, NJ, NV, NY, (within 
an 85 mile radius of New York’s City Hall), OR, RI, TX, (within a 45 mile radius of the city halls 
of Dallas or Houston), VT, WZ , and Puerto Rico.   
C. If your salon is to be located at an Existing Location, which generally require extensive 
renovations before they can be converted into nail salons, you will pay to us up to $30,000 
more than the prices outlined above for your Snow White Package.   
D. Additional Governmental, Municipal, or Impact Fees are imposed by certain governmental 
authorities for either the construction of the salon or the right to do business in that jurisdiction. 
These additional fees are outside of our control and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You 
are responsible for paying these and any subsequent increases to these fees. The fees may 
cause the Snow White Package to be as much as $40,000 more than the prices above. 
E. Additional Construction Costs are unanticipated increases in costs as a result of 
construction. Increases may be due to, but not limited to, an increase in governmental 
requirements, labor demands, scope of work, and/or supply shortage. You may also see 
increases as a result of your request for additional items, such as rooms or plumbing, not 
normally found in a typical Regal Nails salon. These additional costs are outside of our control 
and vary from project to project. You are responsible for paying these, and any subsequent 
increases to these, fees. The additional costs may cause the Snow White Package to be as 
much as $150,000 more than the prices above. 
F.  If you elect to carry our designated exclusive brand polishes and enter into an agreement 
with the designated manufacturer for their products, this exclusive brand add-on will increase 
your initial cost by up to $20,000. 
G. Additional Review Costs may be imposed by the landlord for premises that we are a party 
