B.
Effect of Consent.
10.4
If Landlord consents to any Transfer, that consent is not effective until and unless:
A.
(1)
B.
No Transfer relieves Tenant of any obligations under this Master Lease.
C.
Transfer Premium.
10.5
B.
C.
Tenant shall provide any additional information Landlord reasonably requests in
connection with the proposed Transfer.
Tenant shall pay Landlord, in a form satisfactory to Landlord, any part of the
Transfer Premium Tenant receives in a non-cash form.
Tenant promptly, without notice or demand, shall pay Landlord fifty percent
(50%) of any Transfer Premium Tenant receives in connection with a Transfer.
Landlord receives a copy of the assignment effecting the Transfer, in a
form approved by Landlord in its sole discretion; and
29
Template
Any consent by Landlord to a Transfer does not constitute a waiver by Landlord
of any prohibition against any future Transfers.
(2)
All of the terms, including the consideration, of the proposed Transfer, the
name and address of the proposed transferee, and a copy of all documentation
pertaining to the proposed Transfer; and
(2)
The transferee delivers to Landlord a written agreement,
in form and
substance satisfactory to Landlord in its sole discretion, by which the transferee
assumes all of the obligations and liabilities of Tenant under this Master Lease.
D.
In lieu of accepting any payment from Tenant of a Transfer Premium, Landlord
may elect, with ninety (90) days’ written notice, to increase the Rent due under this
Master Lease as to the transferred Leased Premises by an amount equal to Landlord’s
share of the monthly amount of the Transfer Premium.
A.
For the purposes of this provision, “Transfer Premium” means all Rent or other
consideration payable by the Transferee in any monthly period that is in excess of the
Rent payable by Tenant under this Master Lease in the same monthly period.
E.
Landlord and its authorized representatives have the right to conduct an audit,
relating to any Transfer Premium, of Tenant
at Tenant’s
place of business during
Tenant’s regular work hours and with reasonable notice.
If the audit establishes that
Tenant underpaid Landlord Landlord’s percentage of the Transfer Premium, Tenant,
(3)
The current audited financial statements of the proposed transferee or any
other financial statements that would enable Landlord to determine the financial
responsibility, character, and reputation of the proposed transferee.
