 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A15  
F. After your personal inspection of the territory of the franchise and your investigation of our 
reputation, you have found a Regal Nails Salon & Spa Nails or Regal Nails franchise to be 
suitable for your intended purposes; 
G. We have made no representations or warranties concerning the big box retail store or the 
shopping center, the territory, site, space or profits, if any, that may be earned from a Regal 
Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails salon there; 
H. You have relied on no representations or warranties concerning the territory, business 
climate or potential profits to be earned in or from the territory, but that you are relying upon 
your own investigation and research in approving the territory; 
I. 
The big box retail store or the shopping center is complete and that you have conducted 
an inspection of the salon and found it to be satisfactory and without deficiencies or defects;  
J. No promises have been made to you, other than those contained herein. 
K. 
You warrant and represent that you are familiar with the laws and licensing 
requirements which govern the operation of your salon and that you agree to comply with their 
requirements during the term of this agreement and other regulations specific to the operation 
of the salon in your state or locality.  You also warrant your familiarity with all federal and state 
and local laws of a more general nature, for example the Age Discrimination in Employment 
Act, Americans With Disabilities Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, Federal & State Tax 
Withholding, Gender Based Discrimination Laws, Illegal Immigration Reform & Control Act, 
Immigrant Responsibility Act, OSHA, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act i.e., sexual harassment, 
Wage & Hour laws, Worker’s Compensation Insurance and those laws listed in the lease to 
the premises, and others such as those promulgated by state fire marshals and the various 
agencies, which oversee the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous chemicals which 
may apply to you as an independent nail salon owner operator in a big box retail store or 
shopping center and those pertaining to your business, with which you will comply. 
13. GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
A. In consideration of the payment of the sums set forth in Sections 6 and 7, your 
representations and warranties, your promises of continuing faithful performance, best efforts, 
and compliance with this Agreement, and the system, we grant you the right to operate a 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails salon in the territory specified in Section 4, for the 
term as set forth in Section 5, using our system and mark(s) to perform manicures, pedicures 
and related services, only.  In further consideration, you also agree to pay by means of an 
automatic debit plan or ACH: 
1.   Monthly Amounts Due: 
 
a. The Monthly Fee set forth in Section 50 of this Agreement. If we are party tenant 
to your lease, the Monthly Fee includes the monthly franchise fee, base rent and 
rental tax for the premises and will begin on the Payment Commencement Date. 
The Monthly Fee is due during the first week of each month for that month. 
b. If we are a party tenant to your lease: all applicable Monthly Utility Charge and/or 
CAM in the amount set forth in Section 50 of this Agreement, where such 
amounts will be due and payable monthly, in advance, and during the first week 
of each month for that month.  
c.   If and when Wal-Mart implements its utility reimbursement fee, during such time 
as determined by Wal-Mart. 
d. If by the time that this Franchise Agreement is executed and the salon square 
