 
Disclosure Document 
4 
affecting retail store traffic. 
Your competitors consist of other licensed chains, such as Dashing Diva, Natural Nail 
Care Clinics, Foxy Nails, John Rich, Revlon, Beauty First, Outlooks, Dominique Torres, Dream 
Nails, and independent nail and beauty salons and spas in strip shopping centers.  You also 
may compete with Regal Nails and Regal Nails Salon & Spa salons located in other Wal-Mart 
stores or other locations as well as Regal Nails & Spa salons, and if implemented, Wal-Mart 
test locations. 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
  The board of cosmetology in several states, as well as other similar state government 
agencies, have licensing and permitting laws and regulations that may apply to your salon, 
including, for example, nail technician licencing, cosmetologist licensing, other related 
licensing, bonding and insurance, compliance with certain codes, safety regulations, health 
requirements, and other similar requirements. Under the Franchise Agreement, you warrant 
and represent that you are familiar with the laws and licensing requirements applicable to your 
nail salon and agree to comply with them before opening and throughout the franchise term.  
There are usually other laws and regulations, at varying levels of government, which may or 
may not be specific to nail salons in your state and local area, with which you must familiarize 
yourself and comply, including laws and regulations dealing with the handling, storage and 
disposal of hazardous chemicals.  In addition, there are many other general business laws 
with which you must comply, including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Americans 
with Disabilities Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, federal and state withholding and tax laws, 
gender based discrimination laws, Illegal Immigration Reform and Control Act, Immigration 
Responsibility Act, Occupational Safety and Hazards Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, wage 
and hour law and other labor and employment laws, worker’s compensation insurance, and 
others.   
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
General Manager and Chief Executive Officer - Mr. Quy T. Ton 
 
Mr. Ton has been our Manager and Chief Executive Officer since our inception in 
September, 2005.  He also is a co-founder, General Manager of Regal Nails, LLC in Baton 
Rouge, Louisiana since its inception in 1995 and has been the General Manager of Regal 
Nails Select, LLC since its inception in October, 2008. He also has also served as the 
President and founder of our affiliate, Alfalfa since its incorporation in September, 1997.   
Since its inception in February 2012, Mr. Ton has also served as a Manager of Beautiful 
Regal, LLC.  
Chief Financial Officer - David Anderson 
 
Mr. Anderson has been our CFO since September, 2005.  He has been the CFO of Regal 
Nails, LLC in Baton Rouge, Louisiana since July 2003.   
Chief Operating Officer- Loan Nguyen 
 
Ms. Nguyen has served as our Chief Operating Officer since October, 2007. She has also 
served as Chief Operating Officer of Regal Nails since October, 2007. Ms. Nguyen has been 
employed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana throughout this period.  
Manager and President- Human Resources, Inspection and Set-Up - David Nguyen 
