 
Exhibit C-4 – The Exchange Addendum 
 
C10 
The Exchange Addendum to Franchise Agreement 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement is executed between the undersigned Franchisee, 
“Franchisee” or “you”, and Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC, “RNSS” or “us” or “we”.  
Franchisee is a concessionaire with the Army and Air Force Exchange Service, “the Exchange”, 
and the Franchisee’s Regal Nails & Spa salon, “the Salon”, is located in one of the Exchange 
shopping centers. The Franchise Agreement must be amended to comply with the Exchange 
Concessionaire Contract, “ECC”. 
The Franchise Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
General 
To the extent that any provision of the Franchise Agreement conflicts with the ECC, the 
provisions of the ECC are controlling. 
Throughout the Franchise Agreement, the phrase “Lease” is replaced with “ECC”. 
Throughout the Franchise Agreement, the phrases “your Landlord” and “Landlord” are 
replaced with “the Exchange”. 
4. 
TERRITORIES/QUOTAS 
The sentence “Your territory will be the Exchange shopping center in which your salon 
premises is located.” is inserted at the end of the first paragraph of Section 4. 
5. 
TERM 
The sentence “In the event that this was an existing franchised salon with us or our 
subsidiary, the franchise expires upon the expiration of your ECC; the term may be less 
than 5 years from the date that you signed the ECC.” is inserted at the end of 5.A. 
The phrase “expressly including remaining in good standing with RNSS and the 
Exchange,” is inserted after “We require satisfaction of all the conditions listed in Section 
16, prior to the grant of a successor franchise” in 5.B., second sentence. 
14. 
RELATIONSHIP/INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR 
The sentences “You should be aware that the ECC may have requirements for your 
employees, such as the prevailing minimum wage to be paid for someone in your 
employee’s position in the area of your salon. This is a requirement of the Exchange and 
not of RNSS.” are inserted at the end of 14.D. 
The sentences “The ECC may set forth the pricing of your services and merchandise and 
related restrictions. The restrictions are those of the Exchange and not of RNSS.” are 
inserted at the end of 14.G. 
18. 
DUTIES OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC 
The following section of 18. A.: 
 
2. 
For locations that we are not a party tenant to: 
a.  Review the site you have selected. 
b.  Review the proposed lease to see if it complements to our satisfaction. 
c.  If both site and lease are complementary to our Franchise Agreement, 
approve both. 
Is replaced with the following: 
