 
Exhibit C-3 – Rider to Lease 
 
C6 
agreement that will provide for RNSS’s assumption of the Lease effective at the 
commencement of the extension or renewal term.  
III. EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF A FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
3.0 
RNSS will have the right and option but not the obligation to unilaterally assume the 
Lease if any franchise agreement between RNSS and Tenant expires or is terminated for 
any reason during the term of the Lease.  If any franchise agreement between RNSS and 
Tenant expires or is terminated and RNSS desires to assume the Lease it may give written 
notice to Landlord requesting that Landlord specify any existing defaults by Tenant under 
the Lease.  Within ten (10) days after receipt of such notice, Tenant will peacefully surrender 
the premises to Landlord and Landlord will deliver possession to RNSS. In the time between 
the notice and delivery, Tenant and Landlord grants to RNSS access to the Premises without 
being guilty of, accused of, or threat of trespass and/or tort.  
3.1 
If any franchise agreement between RNSS and Tenant expires or is terminated, 
Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after written demand by RNSS, assign all of its right, title 
and interest in the Lease to RNSS.  If Tenant fails to do so, Tenant hereby designates RNSS 
as its agent to execute any and all documents, agreements and to take all action that may 
be necessary or desirable to effectuate the assignment of the Lease and the relinquishment 
of any and all of Tenant’s right there under.  Landlord consents to such assignment, subject 
to RNSS executing an assumption of the Lease before taking possession of the Premises.  
Tenant further agrees to promptly and peaceably vacate the Premises and to remove its 
personal property at the written request of RNSS.  Any property not so removed by Tenant 
within ten (10) days following receipt of such written request shall be deemed abandoned 
by Tenant. 
3.2 
Any franchise agreement with RNSS shall be deemed expired upon expiration date 
if Tenant does not execute a successor franchise agreement and pay the renewal fee ninety 
(90) days prior to the expiration date. Expiration date of the franchise agreement shall be 
stated in the franchise agreement itself.   
3.3 
Tenant agrees that termination of any franchise agreement for the Premises shall, 
at the option of Landlord, be a default under the Lease. 
IV. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
4.0 
Landlord agrees that Tenant has right to remodel, equip, paint, and decorate the 
interior of the Premises and to display such proprietary marks and signs on the interior and 
exterior of the premises as Tenant is reasonably required to do so pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement, under which Tenant may operate a Regal Nails & Spa on the Premises. Any 
remodeling of the building and/or signs will be subject to Landlord’s prior approval, which 
will not be unreasonably withheld. 
4.1 
Landlord acknowledges that the provisions of this Rider to Lease are required 
pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, under which Tenant plans to operate its business and 
the Tenant would not lease the premises without this Rider to Lease. 
4.2 
Landlord further acknowledges that Tenant is not an agent, employee, or 
representative of RNSS or any of its affiliates and parent, and has no authority or power to 
act for or on behalf of, create any liability on behalf, or otherwise bind RNSS or any of its 
affiliates and parent, and that the landlord has entered into this Rider to lease with full 
understanding that it creates no duties, obligations, or liabilities against RNSS and its 
affiliates and parent, unless and until the lease is assigned and accepted in writing by RNSS. 
