b.
1.
2.
“Natural Break Point” means the Base Rent divided by the Percentage Rent Rate.
“Percentage Rent Rate” means six and a half percent (6.5%).
Page 3 of 10
Tenant shall operate the Leased Premises for no less than 10 hours per day, opening no later than
10AM, on Mondays to Saturdays and for no less than 5 hours, opening no later than 1PM, on
Sundays; such additional hours during holiday season or special promotions as agreed upon by
the parties; and such modified operating hours as Landlord’s Store Manager or Landlord’s Home
Office Leasing Manager may agree to from time to time, but in no event shall operating hours
Percentage Rent.
In addition to Base Rent, Tenant shall pay Landlord annual Percentage
Rent in accordance with the terms ofthe Master Lease. Percentage Rent shall be an amount
equal to the product of (i) total Gross Sales in and from each Leased Premises subject to
this Master Lease during the particular Fiscal Year less the Natural Break Point, and (ii)
the Percentage Rent Rate.
If, for any Fiscal Year, such amount is zero or a negative
number, Tenant shall not owe any Percentage Rent.
In lieu of surrendering the Leased Premises to the Surrendered White Box
condition, pay Landlord the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars and no/100
($25,000.00).
Article IV
RENT
Tenant: REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC
Store #:
Article V
HOURS OF OPERATION
ATTACHMENT A
“Gross Sales” means the aggregate selling price of all merchandise sold or delivered at or
from any part of the Leased Premises and the charges for all services sold or performed at
or from any part ofthe Leased Premises or at any other location ifthe merchandise is taken
from the Leased Premises or the order for services taken at the Leased Premises.
In
addition: (i) Gross Sales includes sales and charges for cash or credit, and credit sales shall
be included in Gross Sales regardless ofcollections; (ii) Gross Sales excludes refunds made
by Tenant to its customers for merchandise originally included in Gross Sales but returned
to Tenant; exchanges of merchandise between stores of Tenant where such exchanges are
made solely for the convenient operation of Tenant’s business; and the amount of any city,
county, or state sales tax on sales paid to a taxing authority by Tenant, but not by any
vendor of Tenant; and (iii) a sale shall be deemed to be made in the Leased Premises if the
merchandise or services are ordered from the Leased Premises in person, via telephone,
facsimile, internet, or other electronic means, or filled at the Leased Premises, or delivered
from the Leased Premises.
•BS—|
Base Rent.
Commencing on the Renewal Term Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay
Landlord monthly Base Rent in the amount of
j subject to applicable state Rent
Tax, in accordance with the terms of the Master Lease. If the Remodel is completed so
that the Expiration Date is extended, then Base Rent shall continue at this rate through
April 30, 2023. Beginning on May 1, 2023, the Base Rent shall increase to £
$ in
accordance with the terms of the Master Lease.
