 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A49  
B. Should these attempts fail, then the parties agree to litigate as set forth in Section 37, infra. 
37. 
LITIGATION 
A. Jurisdiction and Venue.  Except as expressly provided by applicable state law, or provided 
otherwise in this Agreement, the parties agree that any action brought by either party against the 
other must exclusively be instituted and maintained in the federal or state courts situated Baton 
Rouge, Louisiana.  The parties hereby waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue for 
the purpose of carrying out this provision.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and 
agree to the following: 
 
 
1. 
Injunctive Relief.  Notwithstanding this Section 37, we may bring an action for 
injunctive relief in any court having jurisdiction, for instance, to enforce our trademark and 
proprietary rights, the covenants not to compete contained herein, to protect the health and safety 
of the public or the restriction on disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets, in order 
to avoid irreparable harm to us, the other franchisees and/or the system as a whole; and  
 
 
2. 
Sublease.  Also notwithstanding this Section 37, if you breach your Sublease 
Schedule, we may exercise our option under the sublease to evict you from the franchised salon 
and terminate this Agreement.  You will not seek a stay of eviction for any actions involving actions 
brought for non-payment of rent or any other fees.  
B. Waiver of Jury Trial.  The parties hereto, you and we, waive trial by jury in any action 
brought by one against the other, except to the extent this provision is unenforceable 
under the local law of the jurisdiction in which the salon is located. 
C. Punitive Damages, Recoupment.  No punitive or exemplary damages shall be awarded in any 
proceeding against either party to this Agreement or their affiliates, employees and agents, and 
they are expressly waived by the parties, who agree that the exclusive and sole measure of 
damages shall be that set forth in subsection 37 D., infra.  No actions or claims for recoupment 
shall be brought. 
D. Limitations on Damages.  The parties agree that that application of the formulas set forth in 
subsections 2. and 3. below are fair and not disproportionate to the loss incurred as a result of 
the breach. 
1. The parties agree that they shall not demand or be awarded consequential, contingent, 
continuing, exemplary, punitive or special damages, they being waived insofar as 
permitted by local law. 
2. For the reasons that damages would be difficult to estimate, and that they include lost 
profits, damage to goodwill and harm to intellectual property, we agree to pay you, 
should we be found to have breached our agreement with you, without just cause, 
before the end hereof as damages and not as penalty for such breach, a sum of money 
equal to the average of your profits from the franchise, as shown on your last year’s 
federal tax return, divided by twelve, multiplied by the number of months remaining 
under the terms of this Agreement. 
3. For the reasons that damages would be difficult to estimate, and that they include lost 
profits, damage to goodwill and harm to intellectual property, you agree to pay us, 
should you be found to have breached this Agreement with us without just cause 
before the end hereof as damages and not as penalty for such breach, a sum of money 
calculated as follows: 
a. The number of months remaining on the agreement, multiplied by the amount of 
your Monthly Fee; and 
