Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC 
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
10 
 
 
H. 
Contract Liabilities 
 
Contract liabilities represent payments received from customers (franchisees) 
prior to the satisfaction of the corresponding performance obligations. Contract 
liabilities are recognized as revenue once the corresponding performance obligations 
are satisfied based on the contract with the franchisee. Contract assets represent the 
Company’s right to consideration based on satisfied performance obligations from 
contracts with franchisees.  As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company had 
no contract assets. The Company had the following contract liabilities as of 
December 31, 2024 and 2023:  
 
 
 
Prospect deposits - The Company collects the following upfront fees 
(prospect deposits):  initial deposits, site deposits, and confirmation deposits, which 
are liquidated when revenue is recognized or refunded, if a suitable site cannot be 
obtained. 
 
Security deposits - A security deposit equal to the first and last month’s 
franchise fee is collected from the franchisee once the franchisee gains access to the 
salon site.  Such deposits are not additional fees paid by the franchisee; as they are 
either refunded, or applied as payment of any uncollected balance at termination of 
the agreement.   
 
 
 
 
I. 
Revenues and Expense Recognition 
 
The Company applies Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), to its contracts with 
franchisees as follows: 
 
Transaction price- The transaction price includes initial fees, confirmation 
fees for securing the site location, franchise fees, and the sale of furniture, equipment, 
and supplies. Some contracts include additional charges for annual insurance 
premiums.    
 
Franchisees are charged for the buildout and setup of the salon. The 
Company outsources the buildout of the salons to third-party contractors; therefore, 
related charges to franchisees are not included in the transaction price.   
 
In accordance with Topic 606, the Company assumes goods and services 
(including rights to use the franchise) will be transferred to the franchisee in 
accordance with the existing contract and the contract will not be cancelled, renewed, 
or modified. 
