 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E2 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO 
REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY 
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA IN THE 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT OF 
REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC 
 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial 
Protection and Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement 
by the commissioner.  
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the 
franchisee concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise 
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
To the extent the California law applies, Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code 
requires us to give you a disclosure document approved by the Department of Financial Protection 
and Innovation prior to a solicitation of a proposed material modification of an existing franchise. 
Neither we nor any person listed in Item 2 of the disclosure document is subject to any currently 
effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined 
in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such 
persons from membership in such association or exchange. 
You must sign a general release if you renew or transfer your franchise. California Corporations 
Code §31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California 
Corporations Code §§31000 through 31516). Business and Professional Code §20010 voids a 
waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code §§20000 
through 20043). 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Louisiana. This provision may not 
be enforceable under California law. 
The Department has determined that we, the franchisor, have not demonstrated we are 
adequately capitalized and/or that we must rely on franchise fees to fund our operations. The 
Commissioner has imposed a fee deferral condition, which requires that we defer the collection 
of all initial fees from California franchisees until we have completed all of our pre-opening 
obligations and you are open for business.  
To the extent the California law applies, the California Franchise Investment Law requires that a 
copy of all proposed agreements relating to the sale of the franchise be delivered together with 
the disclosure document. 
In California, the highest interest rate permitted by law is 10%. 
www.regalnails.com  
OUR WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA 
