 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A4 
 
tenant of in the event the landlord requires a designated architect review the architecture plans 
for approval prior to submission to the governmental authorities. Such costs vary from 
jurisdiction to jurisction. You are responsible for paying these and any subsequent increases 
to these costs. Such costs may increase the price of the Snow White Package by as much as 
$5,000. 
H.  Salons delivered in years subsequent to 2024, are subject to an annual increase in the 
price of the Snow White Package of 8% over the price shown for the previous year. If, through 
no fault of yours, the Grand Opening is delayed not more than six months, pushing the Grand 
Opening Date of your salon into the next year, the price of your salon will not be increased.  
I. 
Payment for the salon is to be made in accordance with the following schedule: 
1. $25,000 Initial Franchise Fee upon signing of this Agreement. 
2. If we are a party tenant to the lease, $45,000 Confirmation Fee within 10 days of our 
notification of the landlord’s confirmation of your accepted site. 
3. If we are not a party tenant to the lease, $45,000 Confirmation Fee upon your receipt of 
confirmation that you have secured an approved site from a landlord or within 60 days 
of signing the Franchise Agreement, whichever occurs first. 
4. The balance of the price for the Snow White Package, plus your additional deposits on 
your prepaid Primary Commercial General Liability (CGL) and Professional Liability (PL) 
policy, purchased through us; first and last month's pro-rata Monthly Rent and any rental 
taxes if we are party tenant to the lease; Security Deposit; first and last month's Monthly 
Fee; and any extras, and any applicable taxes are to be paid upon the delivery, 
installation, set up, stocking and testing of your salon. 
5. Any other obligations incurred by you are your sole responsibility and you must pay 
these obligations directly to your suppliers, vendors, and lenders. 
J. Refunds 
1. If we are a party tenant to the lease for your premises: 
a. If we are unable to obtain confirmation of the site you requested because the 
landlord declined to accept an offer for your premises or we receive 
communications from the landlord conveying that the premises is unavailable, 
you may request a refund of the entire Initial Franchise Fee.  
b. If you renege or otherwise withdraw after making a request for a site but before 
the landlord confirms your requested site, you may request a refund of your 
Initial Franchise Fee less $15,000.  
c. If you request a site and the site has been confirmed by the landlord, you will 
be required to pay $45,000 Confirmation Fee within 10 days of notice. If you 
fail to pay the full Confirmation Fee within the 10 day period, you forfeit the 
entire Initial Franchise Fee. There will be no refund.  
d. If you have paid both the Initial Franchise Fee and the Confirmation Fee, but 
subsequently renege or threaten to renege or in any other way communicate 
to us your intent to renege on your remaining obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement, then this Franchise Agreement may be terminated by us without 
liability to us upon notice to you. On such termination, there will be no refund 
of any amounts paid to us.  
2. If we are not a party tenant to the lease for your premises: 
