c.
8.1
If the Leased Premises closes in accordance with this Section 7.3, Rent due during
the time in which the Leased Premises is closed will abate.
The Leased Premises must
re-open once the Store Renovations and the operations of the Leased Premises no longer
materially impair each other, as determined by mutual agreement of the parties.
Article VIII
Compliance with Law and Other Requirements
23
Template
Rules and Regulations.
Tenant shall observe all rules and regulations established from
time
to
time
by
Landlord
upon
notice
to
Tenant,
through
publication
in
the
Landlord/Tenant Handbook or otherwise, including, but not limited to:
(2)
If, in connection with the Store Renovations, Landlord closes the Store for
more than three (3) consecutive days, Tenant may, with
Landlord’s written
consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, either close the
applicable Leased Premises while the Store is closed in connection with the Store
Renovations
and
conduct
the
repairs,
updates,
and
upgrades of the
Leased
Premises as required by this Section 7.3B or terminate this Master Lease as to the
applicable Leased Premises.
(1)
Tenant and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or representative of either
Tenant or Sublessee, may not bring into the Leased Premises any merchandise
purchased from Landlord unless the merchandise is purchased for use by Tenant
and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Tenant or
Sublessee, in the operation of its business in the Leased Premises or unless the
merchandise is purchased for immediate consumption by Tenant, or its Sublessee,
or any agent, employee, or representative of either Tenant or Sublessee.
A.
Tenant and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Tenant
or Sublessee, should remove immediately from the Store any merchandise purchased
from Landlord.
D.
If a Store in which the applicable Leased Premises is located permanently ceases
to be open for business to the public, and not as a part of a relocation as contemplated by
Section 7.3A above (a “Store Closing”), this Master Lease as to the applicable Leased
Premises will terminate on a date mutually agreed to by Landlord and Tenant, but at no
time may such date be less than thirty (30) days prior to the Store Closing.
In such event,
Landlord will reimburse Tenant for the Unamortized Improvement Costs and Landlord
and Tenant will each be released from any further obligations under this Master Lease
and will each waive any rights it may have under this Master Lease.
Despite anything to
the contrary elsewhere in this Master Lease, any Claim of each and every kind and nature
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, liability as to any actions by third parties for
injuries to persons or damage to property), actual or potential, past and present, known or
unknown, arising out of or based upon, directly or indirectly, the Master Lease, statute,
government regulation
or
any
rights or responsibilities accruing therefrom,
having
accrued before the termination date, whether or not yet asserted, survives the termination
of the Master Lease.
