 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A18  
AB. There is no centralized control of labor. 
AC. 
There is no common ownership or financial control. 
AD. 
We do not require copies of your financial statements. 
AE. You select the type and colors of your employee uniforms. 
AF. If the landlord to the premises has decided to relocate, remodel, expand or otherwise alter 
the retail store or shopping center in which you are located to the point that the existing 
premises won’t be available to you as it was originally and has offered you a space in the 
relocated, remodeled, expanded or otherwise altered retail store or shopping center for the 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa salon, it is your sole decision whether to accept or decline the offer; 
any and all costs and expenses of relocating and building out the new premises for the Regal 
Nails Salon & Spa salon is yours and such relocation and build out must adhere to our 
specifications, plans and timeline. If you choose to decline the offer to relocate for whatever 
reason and the landlord of the premises determines that as a result of your decision the 
premises must be vacated by a certain date for whatever reason, then we have the right to 
terminate this Agreement without liability or any compensation to you; upon such termination, 
you must vacate the premises, leaving it in broom clean and white box condition, and adhere 
to the other requirements set forth in Section 38 below.  Whether you have been or not been 
offered a new space or whether you accept or decline any such offer, we are not liable to you 
for unavailability of the original premises or any resulting damages.  
AG. 
You acknowledge and agree that protection of customer privacy and credit 
card information is necessary to protect the goodwill of franchises operating under the Marks 
and System. Accordingly, you agree that you will cause the Franchise to meet or exceed, at 
all times, all applicable security standards developed by the Payment Card Industry Standards 
Council or its successor, the standards set by applicable privacy laws and regulations, and 
other regulations and industry standards applicable to the protection of customer privacy and 
credit card information. You are solely responsible for educating yourself as to these 
regulations and standards, and for achieving and maintaining applicable compliance 
certifications.  You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our affiliates and indemnitees 
harmless from and against all claims arising out of or related to your violation of the provisions 
of this Section.  
AH. If the landlord offers to provide utilities, including internet, such utilities may be provided 
by third party providers to the landlord. You acknowledge and agree that such utilities may 
expose you to potential risks, such as data breaches. If you choose to use such utilities 
provided by third party providers, whether or not such utilities are through the landlord, then 
you are accepting such risk and agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our affiliates and 
indemnitees harmless from and against all claims arising out of or related to your use of third 
party-provided utilities.   
15. OWNER’S PARTICIPATION 
If you do not personally participate in the management of the business, you will: 
A. 
Personally inspect your salon, at least weekly, 
B. 
Hire an 'on premises,' manager, who has successfully completed our training 
program, 
C. 
Ensure that your manager has read and signed our Confidentiality Agreement & 
Agreement Not to Compete, and 
D. 
Remain solely responsible for the success of your salon. 
