 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A35  
same, and costs of recall, refunds, compensation and public notices. 
F. As used in this Section 24, the word “indemnities,” includes our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, 
successors and assigns, and each of our and their principals, partners, shareholders, directors, 
officers, employees, agents, affiliates and assigns, as well as any other persons or entities that 
we are contractually obligated to indemnify as a result of the leased premises for your franchised 
salon, such as Wal-Mart. 
G. The indemnification provisions will survive the expiration or termination of the franchise for as 
long as any potential for liability under any applicable law, rule, statute, ordinance, or judicial 
decision exists.  To the extent permitted by law, you and Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC each 
waive the effect of any statute of limitations that would, by lapse of time, limit our or your 
indemnification obligations. 
25. 
ACCOUNTING, AUDITS, OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS AND RECORDS 
A.   You are required to purchase, install, and use our designated point of sale software as well 
as any other accounting or operations software we designate. Franchisees must submit monthly 
gross sales reports to us to the extent required, however, we may elect, instead, to utilize our 
remote access to the data on your point of sale system to generate such reports and will notify 
you of our election, if exercised. If you are required to submit monthly gross sales reports to us, 
you must maintain and submit to us financial records in forms and for such periods as we may 
from time to time specify in writing.  We recommend that you consult your accountant concerning 
the use and implementation of any accounting system as it is your responsibility to maintain 
financial records that are current, complete, accurate, and satisfy the requirements of federal, 
state, and local governments.   
B. It is your responsibility to ensure that all required software and hardware systems are operating 
as normal and that our or our designees’ access to customer and sales data is not restricted or 
otherwise obstructed.   
C. Unless we remotely generate monthly sales reports for your salon, you must provide a written 
report of monthly gross sales by the 10th of each succeeding month; you must submit reports by 
email, fax, or mail in the prior Monthly Sales Report form.  The reports are to be submitted by the 
15th of the succeeding month through us to Wal-Mart (if this is a Wal-Mart location). Instructions 
for the report are contained in the COM.  You must submit these reports in a timely manner (before 
the 10th of the succeeding month) and in a format acceptable to us.  You must certify them to be 
true and correct. Your records must be maintained on the premises.  They are subject to audit. 
If you do not provide us with an accurate Monthly Sales Report or fail to grant us or our designees 
access to do so in accordance with this provision, then you are subject to an administrative fee of 
$500 for each accurate report we do not receive and will be responsible for the cost and expenses 
of an audit. 
D. There are penalties imposed for under reporting gross income on your monthly reports of 
sales. An explanation of the penalties is found in the COM. 
E. You must maintain your sales and personnel records, including I-9’s on premises.  They 
are subject to inspection and audit by us, your landlord to the premises if we are party tenant to 
the lease, and USCIS. We reserve the right to inspect but are not obligated to do so. 
F. Any papers, served upon you by any local, state or federal agency, entity or office, bearing 
our name, Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC or our marks, Regal, Regal Nails Salon & Spa or Regal 
Nails, shall be copied and sent to us, via priority mail, at our offices in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.  
You agree to accomplish this, within 24 hours, following receipt or service. 
