 
Disclosure Document 
27 
decide to not renew the lease to your salon premises. 
Please note that one of the landlords we lease from, Wal-Mart, may move to a percent-
based rent and, once implemented, calculate rent as a certain percent of your gross sales per 
month, anticipated not to exceed 20%, subject to a minimum monthly rent payment. If and 
when the landlord converts its rent structure to percentage-based rent, the Monthly Fee 
structure may be amended to reflect the change by separating rent payments and rental tax 
from the Monthly Fee. 
Rental tax charges (if any) depend upon the laws of the jurisdiction in which your salon 
is located. Not all states impose rental taxes, and the illustration in the chart above assumes 
that no rental tax is due for the 400 sq. ft. salon and that a rental tax of $800 per month is due 
for a 1,500 sq. ft. salon in a high market value in which we are not a party tenant to the lease 
for the premises. If we are party tenant to the lease, the rental tax will be included in the 
Monthly Fee. 
Depending upon the day in any given calendar month that you first begin operating 
the salon, you may owe a pro rata portion of your Monthly Fee, which will correspond with the 
number of days you occupied the salon during that partial calendar month.  The range shown 
assumes no Pro-Rata Monthly Fee (if you begin operating on the first day of a calendar month) 
at the low end, and $14,517 that operates 30 days out of a 31-day month with $15,000 
estimated Monthly Fee. If you begin operating on the first day of the month, no pro rata portion 
of your Monthly Fee would be due, and instead, you would pay the full Monthly Fee amount.  
If we are not a party tenant to the lease of the premises, the amount of pro-rata rent 
and rent itself is negotiated between you and your landlord. The amounts for the Pro-rata rent 
and rent for 3 months if we are not a party tenant to the lease on the chart above are only 
estimates, based on a low end rate of possibly abated rent negotiated between you and your 
landlord and the maximum high end rent of $10,000/month. The amount of the pro-rata rent 
will depend on the day of the month in which your salon opens, with the high end estimated 
again at $10,000/monthly and you operating 30 days out of a 31-day calendar month.  
(5) 
In addition to monthly base rent and rental tax, whether we are a tenant to the least 
of the premise or not, the landlord may charge an amount for the usage of the shared utilities 
by the premises (“Monthly Utility Charge”) and/or an amount for common area maintenance 
(“CAM”).  The Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM if required by the landlord are your 
responsibility. If we are party tenant to the lease, we will collect this amount from you and 
forward it to the landlord. If we are party tenant to the lease, the CAM in our Franchise 
Agreement includes the property insurance and the property tax charged by the landlord, even 
if the landlord separately itemizes the CAM, property insurance, and property tax in the lease 
to the premises. The Montlhly Utility Charge does not include charges for telecommunication 
services, such as a landline, internet, and data. 
 (6) 
The Security Deposit is a sum equal to the last two month’s Monthly Fee and, if we 
are party tenant to the lease, any applicable rental taxes and Monthly Utility Charge and/or 
CAM. It is also explained in note I.2, Item 5, above.  The Security Deposit is held by us to 
ensure the faithful performance of your Franchise Agreement, including returning the 
premises to white box and broom clean condition. It will be returned to you at the expiration 
of your Franchise Agreement, without interest, and subject to the return to us of our COM and 
other materials belonging to us and cancellation or assignment of your fictitious business 
name (“DBA”).  No deposits or portions of deposits, will be returned to you until you have 
vacated the salon, left it broom clean and in “white box” condition, if required by the landlord, 
