 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A46  
23. For locations in which we are a party tenant to the lease, fail to comply with the terms and 
conditions of the lease or any related agreement following notice of such default. For Wal-
Mart locations, this includes failing to meet the performance covenant as set forth by Wal-
Mart.     
24. Fail to give us 30 days’ notice of your intention to sell or transfer your salon and to provide 
us with copies of the documents you propose to use to confect the transfer. 
25. Use chemicals, agents, or instruments prohibited by your state board or state law.  NOTE: 
This may be a very serious violation in your state, leading to loss of license, suits by third 
parties, or criminal prosecutions. 
26. Fail to comply with any laws concerning the operation of your salon. 
27. Conflict, clash or fight with employees of the landlord if we are a party tenant to the lease, 
other tenants if we are a party tenant to the lease, or the public. 
28. Become a threat or danger to public health or safety resulting from the operation of your 
salon. 
29. Fail to leave instructions with your personal representative, mandating a transfer of the 
salon to a qualified individual, within 6 months of your death or disability. 
30. Employ as a manicurist, one not properly licensed, not licensed or one fraudulently using 
another’s license or 
31. Fail to comply with the in-term covenants against competition of Section 33, or fail to have 
the Covenants against competition and related agreements required by Section 33, within 
ten days, following execution of this Agreement. 
32. Fail to pay us any sum due, within fourteen calendar days of written demand for payment. 
33. You lose the right, for any reason, to occupy the salon premises.  
34. Abandon the franchise, where abandonment is a failure to operate the salon for three 
consecutive days (unless otherwise authorized by us in writing). 
D. The foregoing notwithstanding, to the extent that the provisions of this agreement provide for 
periods of notice less than those required by local law or provide for termination, cancellation or 
non-renewal or the like, other than in accordance with local law, those provisions shall, to the 
extent they are not in accord with local law, be superseded by local law, and we shall comply with 
local law in connection with each.  
E. Notice of default shall be sent as specified in Section 49.  It will specify the default and time 
period, if any, given for you to cure the default.  Some states, by statute, have given franchisees 
a longer period of time in which to cure defaults than those set forth above.  If your state has a 
longer period, you will be allowed the longer period prescribed by your state law to cure your 
default.  
F. You agree that following the posting of a Notice of Default that we are excused from further 
performance of our obligations until you cure your default and that our inaction during that period 
shall not be a defense to your default.  
32. 
CROSS DEFAULT 
You are aware, agree and acknowledge that a default of any of the terms of this Franchise 
Agreement or any other agreement executed between us not cured in accordance with the terms 
of this Franchise Agreement or any other agreement executed between us, constitutes a default 
of your franchise and the other agreement executed between us. Upon a breach of the terms of 
