The following initial alterations for In Line space shall be Licensee’s sole responsibility.
1.
2.
3.
Construction.
The following shall be Guidelines for Licensee’s Alterations, unless otherwise
approved by HEB:
a.
Concrete floor broom cleaned and ready for finish install
Concrete cut out zone for Licensee access to water and sewer lines.
Sprinkler heads mounted at lO'-O” AFF.
A/C unit (1-5
ton unit and one 3.5 ton Fresh Air intake unit), mounted with bottom of
unit at 10’-0” AFF.
HEB shall provide electrical conduit to space.
Install Telephone and data conduit (1-1/2”) for Licensee’s use.
Sheet rock perimeter walls up to 1O’-6” AFF.
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC):
Any
modifications
to
the
HVAC
ductwork or system that may required are Licensee's sole responsibility.
Plans and Specifications
Licensee shall prepare Licensee's plans and specifications for the Premises, to be approved by H-
E-B, showing in detail the nature and scope of the work to be done by Licensee. Plans must be of
a quality such that a Building Permit can be obtained from governmental authorities and
construction adequately performed. All costs associated with such plans and specifications are to
be bome by Licensee.
H-E-B will provide plans if available for Licensee’s Architect to utilize.
Shipping and costs associated with retrieving this information along with Asbestos reports and
signatures on Waste Water applications will also be billed to the Licensee.
Prior to performing any work on the premises, Licensee must supply HEB with one complete set
of plans and specifications for Licensee’s Alteration including floor plan, electrical, H.V.A.C.,
reflective ceiling plan, fixture plan, sign specifications, etc.
and must have secured HEB’s
express, written approval of said plans and specifications.
The plans and specifications shall
include, but not be limited to details as to colors, material types and other such information as
shall be required to ensure Licensee’s work shall be of first-class design and quality.
The plans
shall include any and all revisions required by the City to obtain a Building Permit, any and all
revisions required by Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation for compliance with The
Americans With Disabilities Act ("ADA”) and the Texas Accessibility Standards (“TAS”), any
and all revision required to comply with applicable Building Code, and all revisions required to
comply with HEB building criteria..
EXHIBIT C
Initial Alterations for In Line Space
e.
f.
h.
16
O:\RealEstate\Private\ShoppingCenter DevelopmentUnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
HEB's approval of Licensee's plans for Licensee's work shall create no responsibility or liability
on the part of HEB for their completeness, design sufficiency, or compliance with all laws, rules
and regulations of governmental agencies or authorities.
Notwithstanding any provision in the
License Agreement, Licensee is obligated to cause Licensee's plans to be completed not later than
thirty (30) days after the date of this License Agreement.
Failure to have the said plans
completed in a timely manner will be deemed a default under the License Agreement. HEB shall
review and approve or disapprove plans within fifteen (15) days.
Licensee shall revise said plan
and redistribute to HEB for review and approval within ten (10) days.
HEB Shall provide Licensee:
a.
b.
c.
d.
