3.2
3 3
3.4
3.5
4.1
4.2
Base Rent Payments.
Binding Effect of Attachment A.
This Master Lease governs each Leased Premises for
which Landlord and Tenant execute an Attachment A.
Once signed by both Landlord
and Tenant, each Attachments A and A-l attaches to and incorporates into this Master
Lease binding both Landlord and Tenant to the terms and conditions in both this Master
Lease and the applicable Attachments A and A-l.
Extension of the Lease Term.
The Lease Term for the applicable Leased Premises may
extend, subject to the terms and conditions of this Master Lease, as designated in the
applicable Attachment A.
Rent.
Tenant’s obligation under this Master Lease to pay Rent, in lawful money of the
United States and without, for any reason, deduction or offset,
begins on the Rent
Commencement Date.
Tenant shall pay Rent to Landlord for each Leased Premises for
which Landlord and Tenant execute an Attachment A in accordance with the terms of this
Master Lease and the applicable Attachment A.
Article IV
Rent, Security, Taxes
11
Template
Lease Term of a Specific Leased Premise.
The Lease Term for each Leased Premises
commences on the day on which the applicable Landlord and Tenant each sign the
Attachment A for that Leased Premises and continues until the Expiration Date.
Commencement
Notice.
Within
forty-five
(45)
days
following
the
actual
Rent
Commencement Date of the applicable Leased Premises, Landlord will deliver the
Commencement Notice to Tenant.
The Commencement Notice
is for informational
purposes only and does not modify the terms of this Master Lease.
If Tenant does not
receive the Commencement Notice within that time, Tenant will notify Landlord, in
writing or verbally.
Any delay in delivery of the Commencement Notice is not a breach
of this Master Lease.
A.
Tenant shall pay Base Rent,
as set forth in the applicable Attachment A, to
Landlord in advance, without offset, notice, or demand, in equal monthly installments
with each monthly installment due by the Due Date.
If the Rent Commencement Date
occurs other than on the first day of the month, the Base Rent for that month equals
one-thirtieth (l/30th) of the normal monthly rent installment for each day starting on the
Rent Commencement Date and continuing through midnight on the last day of that
month. If the Rent Commencement Date occurs other than the first day of the month, the
Base Rent for the final month equals one-thirtieth (1/3 Oth) of the normal monthly rent
installment for each day starting on the Rent Commencement Date anniversary and
continuing through midnight on the Expiration Date.
B.
Landlord may require Tenant to pay Base Rent on a quarterly basis rather than
monthly if Tenant fails to pay Base Rent within ten (10) days of the Due Date for two (2)
consecutive months.
The quarter will commence on the first day of the month following
the month that Landlord notifies Tenant in writing of this election.
