 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E13 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the disclosure document or Franchise 
Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply: 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
1, 
Franchisor will protect your right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, 
logotypes or other commercial symbols and/or indemnify you from any loss, costs or 
expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
1. 
Nothing in the disclosure document or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your 
rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, 
forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.  
2. 
No release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will relieve the Franchisor or 
any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning 
franchising of the State of Minnesota. 
3. 
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and non-renewal rights.  
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain 
specified cases, that franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to 
cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
4. 
Under the Minnesota Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, the requirements of 
Sections 33.B, 33.D and 35.B of the Franchise Agreement that you consent to the entry 
of an injunction are modified in the State of Minnesota to provide only that you consent to 
the seeking of such an injunction. 
5. 
Under the Minnesota Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, Section 37 H.3 of the 
Franchise Agreement, which provides for the payment of liquidated damages by the 
franchisee, is deleted in its entirety. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
