 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A12  
B. With respect to images, videos or other content (“Materials”) that you have supplied to us 
or any of our vendors, you grant us and to such vendors a royalty-free license and right to use 
and sublicense such Materials for any marketing, educational or other purpose we deem 
appropriate in any media now in existence or hereafter created in perpetuity.  To the extent 
that the Materials feature any of your likeness, image, performance, voice or name (the 
“Likeness”), or the Likeness of you appears in images, video or other content created by us 
during the Term, the license granted herein shall include the right to use and sublicense such 
Likeness. To the extent that you do not own the copyright in the Materials, you represent and 
warrant that you have permission to use such Materials and to authorize the uses 
contemplated by this paragraph. You hereby release and covenant not to sue us or any such 
vendor you provided Materials in connection with any use of the Materials or Likeness 
permitted by this Agreement, and further agree to indemnify and hold us and any such vendor 
harmless against any claims by any third party that use of the Materials or Likeness infringes 
upon such third party’s rights, including but not limited to copyrights and rights of publicity. 
The license and other provisions of this paragraph shall survive termination or expiration of 
this Agreement. 
C. You may not introduce any improvement or modification of or to the System, the 
intellectual property, or the salon without our prior written consent. If you or any of your owners 
develops any new concept, product, service, sales technique, or improvement in the operation 
or promotion of the salon (including any product sold at the Store), you must promptly notify 
us, and provide to us all necessary related information. Any and all such improvements to the 
System, the intellectual property, and the salon that you develop (whether or not consented 
to) will automatically become our property without any compensation to you. If such 
improvements may be protected by trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, or other laws, 
then you must execute the documents that we may require to prove ownership of such 
improvements, to transfer ownership thereof to us, and to file related registrations or 
recordings. By signing this Agreement, you and each Principal assign your respective rights 
in and to the concept, product, sales technique or improvement to us and permit us to use or 
disclose the information to other Regal Nails Salon & Spa System franchisees as we 
determine appropriate, without providing you any compensation. 
11. COM, PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND THE SYSTEM 
During the term of this Agreement, we will lend you a copy of our Confidential Operating 
Manual (“COM”), a copyrighted document, which contains our confidential and proprietary 
information, i.e., the “system,” and you must sign our then current form of receipt for the COM.  
Concerning the COM, you acknowledge and agree that: 
A. We have the exclusive right, title and interest in the copyrighted material and proprietary 
information contained in the COM and that you shall not at any time do or cause to be done 
any act or thing contesting or in any way impairing or tending to impair any part of our rights 
to that material and information. 
B. The COM that we let you use is intended to protect our standards and systems, and our 
names and marks, and not to control the day-to-day operation of your business. You further 
acknowledge and agree that your business at all times be under your control, and that you 
will be responsible for the day-to-day operation of the business. 
C. You obtain no rights to our copyrighted or proprietary information, except for your right to 
use them as specified herein and only during the term of this agreement. 
D. Our copyrighted and proprietary information, reduced to printed form in the COM, is 
material to the operation of the franchise for the reasons that our affiliate, Regal Nails, LLC, 
