17.5
Unpaid Rent and other charges;
A.
Damages for its failure to perform other obligations;
B.
C.
17.6
A.
B.
C.
D.
Tenant’s Waivers.
Landlord and Tenant waive any right to trial by jury on all issues in
all litigation between Landlord and Tenant arising from or relating to this Master Lease,
and Tenant, additionally, waives any:
Statutory requirements of prior, written notice before filing for eviction or for any
damages suit for non-payment of Rent;
Claim for damages against Landlord resulting from Landlord’s re-entry, except
for damages arising from Landlord’s gross negligence or willful misconduct;
Right to withhold or reduce Tenant’s required payments of Rent and other charges
for which Tenant is obligated under this Master Lease;
Rights to bring any counterclaim, proceeding, or other cause of action in
relation to dispossession, other than compulsory counterclaims; and
40
Template
Survival of Tenant’s Liability.
Upon termination of this Master Lease, in its entirety or
as to a particular Leased Premises and without prejudice to any right or remedy available
to Landlord under this Master Lease, at law, or in equity and subject to applicable law,
Tenant shall remain liable for:
Expenses Landlord incurs in the course of evicting Tenant and re-entering the
Leased Premises, including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs; and
(4)
Demand full and final settlement, whereupon Tenant shall pay Landlord
the present value of the total of all future Rent that would come due under this
Master Lease but for the termination of this Master Lease, plus other charges that
may apply under this Master Lease, less the fair market value of the particular
Leased Premises.
Present value will be calculated at eight percent (8%).
D.
Unless Tenant surrenders the Leased Premises in accordance with this Article,
any cost incurred by Landlord in returning the Leased Premises to the same condition in
which Tenant received the Leased Premises on the Delivery Date,
less any revenue
received
by
Landlord
by
re-letting
the
Leased
Premises,
less
any claim
Landlord
successfully makes against the Security required pursuant to Section 4.6.
E.
To the extent legally permissible, for itself and all persons claiming by, through,
or under it, any right of redemption or for the restoration of the operation of this Master
Lease under any present or future law in case Tenant is dispossessed for any cause or in
case Landlord obtains possession of the Leased Premises as herein provided.
B.
Continue this Master Lease in full force and continue to look to Tenant to perform
all Tenant’s obligations under this Master Lease, but Landlord may pursue Tenant for
damages incurred or equitable relief or both.
