E.
2.
3.
IX.
B.
X.
Use of Common Area.
Licensee and its employees and agents may have access to the
Premises and all common areas of the Store such as restrooms during regular Store hours.
Such access shall be subject to such reasonable restrictions as HEB may impose.
HEB may make changes in the common areas. Further, HEB may temporarily close any
part of the common areas in order to permit construction, maintenance, repairs and
replacements at the Store.
Employee Parking.
Licensee’s managers, employees and agents shall park only
in
parking spaces designated for employee parking, as designated by Exhibit B.
Upon
HEB's request. Licensee shall furnish HEB with the license numbers of such automobiles
and shall cooperate in the enforcement of such parking restriction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Exclusive shall not apply to any of the following:
(i) any use of the Shopping Center outside the Store (ii) any use of the Store by tenants
with agreements signed prior to the date hereof ; (iii) any use of Store by HEB Grocery
Company, LP (or its affiliates) operations. Further, should the Exclusive be determined to
be unenforceable by a governmental authority or by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
final, non-appealable action, the Exclusive shall be null and void.
HEB shall, at HEB's sole cost and expense, maintain the Store, including but not
limited
to,
its
roof,
exterior
walls
(excluding
glass
storefront
and
doors),
structural components, all utilities, sidewalks, landscaping, driveways, parking
lot and signs (other than Licensee's signs) in good order, condition and repair.
HEB's Access to Premises.
HEB and its agents may enter the Premises at any
time for emergencies, inspection, maintenance, or repairs.
USE.
A.
Repairs.
1.
1
4
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center DevelopmentMnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Licensee shall use the Premises solely for operating full service nail salon.
Licensee is
hereby permitted to offer nail, pedicure, eyelash extensions, eyebrow shaping, facial, and
waxing and only offer these services and the sale of related products in the Premises.
Licensee shall not sell or offer any other items, products, or services in the Premises. So
long as Licensee is conducting business in the Premises pursuant the use above and is not
in default under any of the provisions hereof, HEB agrees not to lease or license space
within the Store to another tenant whose business includes nail and/or pedicure services
(the “Exclusive”). The Premises shall not in any event be used for the storage, display or
sale of alcoholic or malt beverages, wine, edible or non-edible groceries, meats, produce,
frozen foods, dairy products, bakery products or prescription pharmaceuticals.
Licensee’s Repairs.
Except for maintenance and repairs which HEB is required
to perform under this License Agreement, Licensee shall at Licensee's sole cost
and expense maintain the Premises in good order, condition and repair and in a
clean and sanitary condition consistent with the condition of the Stores.
If
Licensee fails to perform these obligations, HEB may, at HEB's option, enter
upon the Premises and put the same in a clean and sanitary condition, and the
reasonable cost thereof shall become due and payable as additional rent to HEB.
COMMON AREAS.
A.
