B.
18.1
18.2
If Landlord defaults on this Master Lease, Tenant, in addition to any other rights
or remedies to which it is entitled at law or in equity, may:
Estoppel Certificates. Tenant, within ten (10) days of Landlord’s request, shall deliver to
Landlord an executed, written statement addressed to the party designated in Landlord’s
request and identifying Tenant and this Master Lease and certifying and confirming, in
addition
to
any
information
or confirmation
Landlord
may
reasonably
require,
the
following:
Article XVIII
Holding Over & Estoppel Certificates
42
Template
(30) day period and thereafter diligently pursues completion of such cure.
Notice
required
under this
Section
must
include
a description of the
particular facts
and
circumstances alleged giving rise to the alleged breach and the date of commencement of
the alleged breach.
Holding
Over.
If Tenant remains
in
possession of the
Leased
Premises after the
expiration of the Lease Term without a new Attachment A or Master Lease executed by
both Landlord and Tenant, Tenant will be a “Holdover Tenant.”
As a Holdover Tenant,
Tenant will occupy the Leased Premises on a month-to-month basis with a monthly rental
rate equal to the Rent and other charges applicable at the time of the expiration of the
Master Lease plus 50% of the sum of such amounts. Further, Tenant will be subject to all
conditions, provisions, and obligations of this Master Lease
as far as the
same are
applicable to a month-to-month tenancy.
C.
Regardless of which remedy Tenant pursues, LANDLORD’S LIABILITY FOR
DEFAULT UNDER THIS MASTER LEASE, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WILL NOT
EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO ONE (1) YEAR’S RENT PAID BY TENANT
FOR THE LOCATION IN WHICH LANDLORD WAS FOUND IN DEFAULT.
(1)
Treat this Master Lease as still in full force and effect continuing to look
to Landlord to perform its obligations under this Master Lease but seek damages
or equitable relief, or both; or
(2)
Terminate this Master Lease, in its entirety or as to the applicable Leased
Premises, with thirty (30) days’ written notice stating the date on which Tenant
will vacate the Leased Premises.
If Tenant fails to timely vacate the Leased
Premises, Tenant’s notice of termination will be deemed to be void; the Master
Lease, in its entirety or as to the applicable Leased Premises, will continue in full
force and effect and Landlord will be deemed to have cured any alleged breach.
17.10
Force Majeure.
If a force majeure occurs, the time that the force majeure delays
performance by either Landlord or Tenant will be excluded from the computation of time
within which Landlord, Tenant, or both, must perform under this Master Lease.
For
purposes of this Master Lease, a force majeure is a strike, riot, act of God, shortage of
material, war, governmental law, regulation, or restriction, or any other cause of any kind
that is beyond the reasonable control of the party owing performance.
