 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A58  
6. Additional Defaults under the Sublease 
We at our election, may declare the sublease granted in this Sublease Schedule 
terminated, and at our election, the Franchise Agreement, of which this Sublease 
Schedule is a part, also terminated, and either with or without process of law, re-enter, 
expel, remove and put out Franchisee and all persons occupying the premises under 
Franchisee, using such force as may be necessary in doing so, and repossess and enjoy 
the premises, such re-entry and/or repossession shall not work as a forfeiture of the 
monthly amounts to be paid to us or terminate the covenants to be performed by 
Franchisee during the full term of this Agreement, for the following additional defaults: 
a. Franchisee defaults on payment of the Monthly Fee, which shall include the 
monthly base rent and applicable rental tax, the Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, 
and any other payment due under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Franchisee defaults in any covenants or undertakings to be performed by 
Franchisee, other than the payments owed us, under the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement, and such default continues for fourteen days after written notice to 
Franchisee.  
c. Franchise permits proceedings in bankruptcy or for liquidation, reorganization, or 
rearrangement of Franchisee’s affairs to be instituted by or against Franchisee. 
d. Franchisee permits a receiver or trustee to be appointed for all or substantially all 
of Franchisee’s business or assets on the grounds of Franchisee’s insolvency. 
e. Franchisee permits a trustee to be appointed for Franchisee after a petition has 
been filed for Franchisee’s reorganization under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
f. Franchisee makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. 
g. Franchisee vacates or abandons the salon and premises, where Franchisee fails 
to operate the salon for three consecutive days without our express written 
authorization. 
7. No Relief of Performance by Franchisee 
Franchisee shall neither be relieved from the performance of its covenants and 
obligations, including but not limited to the obligation to pay the Monthly Fee, the Monthly 
Utility Charge and/or CAM, and annual Insurance Premium, nor entitled to terminate this 
Agreement due to a breach or default by us of any of our covenants or obligations, unless 
expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement. 
8. Security Interest 
In addition to the common law and statutory landlord’s lien, we will at all times have a valid 
security interest, which Franchisee hereby grants us, to secure payment of all sums of 
money due to us from Franchisee, and to secure the payment of any damages or loss 
which we may suffer by reason of the breach by the Franchisee of any covenant, 
agreement, or condition contained in this Agreement, upon all goods, wares, equipment, 
furniture, fixtures, inventory, improvements, and other personal property of the Franchisee 
presently or which may hereafter be situated in or on the premises, and all the proceeds 
therefrom, and such property shall not be removed from the premises without our consent 
until all arrearages in payments due us or to become due to us under this Agreement, 
shall have first been paid and discharged and all the covenants, agreements, and 
conditions of this Agreement have been fully complied with and performed by the 
Franchisee. 
