Landlord’s Obligation to Deliver Possession on the Delivery Date.
2.1
(2)
Tenant’s Right of Entry.
2.2
bound as to the applicable Leased Premises upon the execution by each appropriate
party of both this Master Lease and the applicable Attachment A.
Article II
Construction and Acceptance of the Leased Premises
Landlord, at any time prior to notifying Tenant of the anticipated Delivery
Date, may revise the Delivery Window.
6
Template
(1)
Unless otherwise agreed to in the applicable Attachment A, Landlord shall
notify Tenant, in writing and no later than ten (10) days prior to the first day of
the Delivery Window, of the status of the construction of the applicable Leased
Premises and of the anticipated Delivery Date within the Delivery Window on
which Landlord estimates it will deliver possession of the applicable Leased
Premises to Tenant.
(3)
Landlord
may
revise the anticipated Delivery Date at any time after
Landlord notifies Tenant of the anticipated Delivery Date, in accordance with this
Article II, but in no event may Landlord revise the anticipated Delivery Date with
less than five (5) days notice.
A.
Prior to the Delivery Date, Tenant may enter the Leased Premises only to inspect
and measure the Leased Premises to ready the Leased Premises for opening on the Rent
Commencement Date.
A.
Landlord
shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver the applicable
Leased Premises to Tenant in the condition and during the Delivery Window specified in
the applicable Attachment A.
B.
If Landlord is unable, through the use of commercially reasonable efforts, to
deliver possession of the
applicable
Leased
Premises to Tenant on the
anticipated
Delivery Date or within the Delivery Window specified in the applicable Attachment A,
subject in all events to causes beyond Landlord’s reasonable control, Landlord’s delay in
delivering possession of the Leased Premises will not constitute a breach of this Lease
and Tenant waives any right or remedy it may have, at law or in equity, because of the
delay in performance. If Landlord and Tenant mutually agree that delivery of possession
is unfeasible within
a commercially
reasonable amount of time after the Delivery
Window specified in the applicable Attachment A, the parties, without liability, may
terminate this Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises.
