2.
XII.
B.
C.
D.
XIII.
A.
No Partnership.
It is understood and agreed between HEB and Licensee that nothing
herein contained shall be deemed, held, or construed to make HEB a partner or associate
of Licensee, it being expressly understood and agreed that the relationship between HEB
and Licensee is and shall at all times remain that of HEB and licensee.
Licensee shall post a sign at the entrance of the Premises stating that the business is not
affiliated with HEB.
Subordination.
This License Agreement shall be subject and subordinate to the
lien of any mortgage which may now or hereafter affect the Store or the Premises
and
to
all
advances
made
thereunder,
and
all
renewals,
modifications,
consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof.
General Liability:
Product Liability:
Excess/Umbrella
Worker's Compensation:
Employer's Liability:
$ 1 ,000,000 per occurrence/aggregate
$1,000,000 per occurrence/aggregate
$1,000,000 per occurrence
Statutory Limits
$500,000
Estoppel Certificate.
Licensee shall, from time to time within two weeks after
notice, execute and deliver to HEB an estoppel certificate in form acceptable to
HEB addressed to HEB and any transferee and/or mortgagee.
INDEMNIFICATION, INSURANCE.
Insurance. Licensee shall maintain, with respect to the Premises, the following insurance:
6
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Separate Employer Status.
Licensee acknowledges that Licensee is a separate employer
in all respects. As separate employers, Licensee and HEB acknowledge that employment
agreements of any kind of one party are not controlling or binding in any way on the
other party, and HEB's employees and/or agents are not (nor shall they be deemed to be)
Licensee's employees and/or agents for any purpose.
Licensee's employees and/or agents
are not (nor shall they be deemed to be) HEB's employees and/or agents for any purpose.
Further, nothing in this License Agreement creates any rights in any person not a party to
this License Agreement.
All
persons employed by
Licensee shall
be
and remain
Licensee's employees for all purposes, and Licensee shall maintain, at Licensee's own
cost and expense: (1) workers' compensation coverage (or alternative coverage if allowed
by law); (2) unemployment compensation coverage; and (3) any other insurance which
may be required by law with respect to such employees.
Rules and Regulations.
As a separate employer, Licensee is solely responsible for
directing its workforce on all matters.
In this respect, however. Licensee agrees that its
managers, employees and agents shall
be directed by it to follow special conduct
requirements, see Exhibit F, Standard of Conduct, while in the Stores and on the
Premises that HEB reasonably and in a nondiscriminatory fashion requires its employees
and other licensees to follow.
Security.
HEB shall have no obligation or responsibility for providing any police or
security service for the Stores or Premises.
Licensee shall assume all risks to their
persons and property while in, on, or about the Stores and Premises, whether or not
security service is furnished.
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PARTIES; EMPLOYEES.
A.
