 
Disclosure Document 
43 
you a copy of this statement upon request. 
Once the Fund is formed, we will spend most contributions to the Fund for advertising 
purposes during the fiscal year in which the contributions are made. If we spend more than 
the amount in the Fund in any fiscal year (in addition to any money we have to spend because 
we did not spend all the money in the Fund during the year before), then we can reimburse 
ourselves from the Fund during the next fiscal year for all excess expenditures during the 
preceding fiscal year, with interest. If we spend less than the total in the Fund during any fiscal 
year, we can either spend the unused money during the next fiscal year or we can rebate all 
or a portion of the unused money to franchisees on a proportionate basis for them to spend 
on local advertising and promotion.  
We can use whatever media, create whatever programs and allocate advertising funds 
to whatever regions or localities we consider appropriate. The allocation may include rebates 
to individual franchisees of some or all of their Fund contributions for local advertising 
expenditures if, in our judgment, our national or regional advertising program or campaign 
cannot effectively advertise or promote in certain regions or communities. If we determine that 
the total advertising contributions collected from all Regal Nails Salon & Spa and Regal Nails 
& Spa franchisees is insufficient to sustain a meaningful regional or national advertising 
campaign, we may rebate all or a portion of the Fund contributions to franchisees on a 
proportionate basis. You must spend any rebate on the types of local advertising and media 
that we determine (or, if we direct, in accordance with the local advertising and promotion 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement) according to a plan and budget we review and 
approve in advance. You must document all rebate advertising expenditures to us in a monthly 
rebate advertising expenditure report form. 
Although we intend the Fund to be perpetual once formed, we can terminate the Fund. 
We will not terminate the Fund until it has spent all money in the Fund for advertising and 
promotional purposes. 
Promotional Activities 
There is currently no requirement that you offer gift cards or certificates nor is there 
currently a prohibition against offering gift cards or certificates. If you do offer gift cards or 
certificates, you must restrict redemption to your specific location. At this time, you are not 
required to participate in a franchise-wide gift card/certificate program. We may require you, 
in our sole discretion, to participate in a franchise-wide gift card/certificate program in the 
future. In the event that a franchise-wide gift card/certificate program is implemented, you will 
be required to issue only those franchise-wide program gift cards/certificates that we 
designate and no other, and you will be required to redeem unexpired, bona fide franchise-
wide program gift cards/certificates presented to you.  Furthermore, you may only redeem 
your own unit’s gift card/certificate if they were issued prior to implementation of the franchise-
wide gift card/certificate program. If a franchise-wide gift card/certificate program is 
implemented, you will need to obtain the necessary equipment to issue and redeem gift 
cards/certificates as well as have the necessary software downloaded into such equipment.  
Computer Hardware and Software, Cash Register and Accounting Systems, Your 
Salon Records. 
Other than the hardware required for the operation and use of your merchant services 
solution and/or Point of Sale system, there is no requirement that you buy a computer, but, if 
you develop your own website, you must have regular access to a computer with a connection 
to the Internet so that you can review and maintain your website and receive communications 
