 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E18 
NEW YORK ADDENDUM 
TO THE REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC  
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the disclosure document or Franchise 
Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold 
under the laws of the State of New York: 
1. 
The following sentence is added to the end of Sections 16. B. 9. and 30. B. 9. of the 
Franchise Agreement, which require releases: 
"Provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by Franchisee and any causes of action arising in its 
favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York and 
the regulations issued thereunder will remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the 
non-waiver provisions of GBL, Section 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied." 
2. 
Section 33.B of the Franchise Agreement is amended to read as follows: 
"B. 
You promise and agree that we may seek to have this restrictive covenant shall be 
enforced by means of a preliminary injunction and temporary restraining order since monetary 
damages are inadequate to compensate us for damages it may suffer.  You agree that we may 
seek to obtain these orders as set forth in Section 35. "  
3. 
The last sentence of Section 33.D of the Franchise Agreement is amended to read as 
follows: 
"If you violate this provision, you agree that we may seek to obtain a temporary or permanent 
injunction, without bond, as set forth in Section 35, prohibiting you from violating this provision 
and that we may obtain reasonable attorney’s fees. " 
4. 
Section 35.B of the Franchise Agreement is amended to read as follows: 
“Franchisee acknowledges and agrees (a) that any failure to comply with the covenants of this 
agreement concerning indemnification, collection, eviction, or actions seeking injunctions or 
temporary restraining orders, shall constitute a default hereunder; (b) that a violation of this 
agreement would result in irreparable injury to Regal Nails, Salon & Spa for which no adequate 
remedy at law is available; and (c) as a result, Regal Nails, Salon & Spa shall be entitled, in 
addition to any other remedies it may have hereunder, at law or in equity, to seek specific 
performance or an injunction to enforce the requirements of this agreement without the necessity 
of showing actual or threatened damage and without being required to furnish bond or other 
security.” 
 
 
