 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A48  
34. 
BEST EFFORTS 
The parties agree that they shall cooperate, one with the other, and contribute their best efforts 
toward this undertaking.  They agree to communicate any and all complaints and to make every 
attempt to resolve any problem, which may arise.  You further agree that you shall make every 
attempt to operate a successful salon and to faithfully comply with the terms of this agreement.  
35. 
EXTRAORDINARY ACTIONS 
A. The parties recognizing and agreeing that not all disputes between them by may be resolved 
as set forth in Sections 36 – 37, infra, hereby expressly exclude from Sections 36 and 37 our 
actions for indemnification, collection, eviction or actions seeking injunctions or temporary 
restraining orders which shall be brought in accordance with the rules of court of your state in a 
court of proper venue.  
B. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees (a) that any failure to comply with the covenants of this 
agreement concerning indemnification, collection, eviction, or actions seeking injunctions or 
temporary restraining orders, shall constitute a default hereunder; (b) that a violation of this 
Agreement would result in irreparable injury to us for which no adequate remedy at law is 
available; and (c) as a result, we shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies it may have 
hereunder, at law or in equity, to obtain specific performance or an injunction to enforce the 
requirements of this agreement without the necessity of showing actual or threatened damage 
and without being required to furnish bond or other security.  
C. The parties agree that any dispute arising hereunder or relating to this Agreement concerning 
which injunctive relief and damages are colorably applicable, the aggrieved party is expressly 
permitted to seek injunctive relief through the filing of a law suit and, contemporaneously, to seek 
damages through the arbitral process, neither filing shall preclude the other.  This right is 
discretionary and is not to be construed as an obligation of either party.  
D. If you make any claim or assertion that we unreasonably withheld or delayed any consent or 
approval to a proposed act by you under the terms of this Agreement, you agree that your sole 
remedy for the claim will be an action or proceeding to enforce the Agreement provisions, for 
specific performance or for a declaratory judgment.  
E. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a termination as a result of your abandonment, 
if we are a party tenant to the lease of the premises, you agree that we have an immediate right 
to recover and otherwise re-possess the premises upon notice of termination to you. Further, on 
your abandonment of the Salon, any personal property and/or salon contents still on the premises 
at the time the premise is recovered and/or re-possessed by us will be deemed to be abandoned 
by you, and we may dispose of such personal property and salon contents,  at our sole discretion 
without additional compensation to you or as an offset of any amounts owed by you to us; you 
shall have no expectation that such personal property and salon contents will be held in storage, 
and you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless for any claims, actions, suits, injuries, 
damages, expenses and costs arising out of or related to your failure to remove such personal 
property and salon contents from the premises and/or your abandonment of the same. 
36. 
INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
A. In the true spirit of amicability, collegiality, and friendship and as professionals, the parties 
agree that they shall attempt to resolve any disputes and differences which may arise between 
them in the following manner: 
 
1st 
By telephone, e-mail, or fax 
 
2nd 
By mail 
