 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A8 
 
by the underwriter of the policy; however, it is collected by us and remitted to the insurer by 
us. Payment must be made in one lump sum; however, we at our sole option may permit you 
to pay in installments as set forth by us for a $15 to $25 fee per installment. We reserve the 
right at our sole discretion to change this payment model so that payments are made directly 
to the insurer. A service fee of $50 shall apply but may be waived if the insurance premium 
for that year is promptly paid or drafted prior to the insurance program’s renewal. Regal 
reserves the right to suspend or eliminate this waiver. Regal further reserves the right to 
modify or discontinue the Insurance Program in its sole discretion on written notice to you. 
C.  All periodic payments due us must be paid by ACH. An ACH form must be completed and 
return with the execution of this Agreement by you. See Section 5 of this Agreement. 
Periodically, a new ACH form may be sent to you to update your information and for continued 
authorization to debit your account. All ACH debits continue through the term of the Franchise 
Agreement. It is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to your account.  
D. NSF, Stop Payment and Return Item charges are assessed at $100 each. 
E. All sums due Regal Nails, Salon & Spa are payable within 10 days of the date of the 
invoice.  There is a late fee of $100 plus interest of 12% per year on the overdue amounts, or 
such lower rate if required by law, compounded monthly, for statement not paid within 10 
days.  
F. In addition to all other payments under this Agreement, you agree to pay us (or our 
affiliates) immediately upon demand: the amount of all sales taxes, use taxes, trademark 
license taxes and any other tax or levy whatsoever – however denominated –  imposed on, 
required to be collected, or paid by us or our affiliates (but not including any corporate income 
taxes imposed on us or our affiliates) on account of goods or services we or our affiliates have 
furnished to you through sale, lease or otherwise, or on account of collection by us of the Initial 
Franchise Fee, Monthly Fees or other fees called for by this Agreement. 
H. For Wal-Mart locations, if and when Wal-Mart implements any of its additional fees: utility 
reimbursement, key money, lease premises improvement charge, additional security deposit, 
and insurance reimbursement fee, such fees and amounts will be due upon demand initially 
and subsequently as charged by Wal-Mart. We will debit your account by ACH for the amount 
annually. Wal-Mart estimates the cost on average to be $0.10 per sq. ft. annually, but it may 
be more or less depending on the locale of the premises. Furthermore, if Wal-Mart implements 
key money for additional services or for a new location, you will be responsible for the 
applicable amount and we will debit your account by ACH upon occurrence. If Wal-Mart 
implements a utility reimbursement, then you will be responsible for the applicable amount 
and we will debit your account by ACH as such reimbursements come due. 
I. 
If we are a party tenant to the lease, annually or as otherwise provided in the lease to the 
premises, we will debit your account for the amount of any applicable percentage rent. For 
Wal-Mart locations, this debit is during the last week in January, we will debit your account for 
the amount of any applicable percentage rent; percentage rent is 6.5% of any Gross Sales 
amount above the natural break point, which is your base rent divided by the percentage rent 
rate. 
9. TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES, WARRANTIES 
A. We warrant and represent and you agree that we: 
1. Are the sole owner of the stand character mark “Regal” (registration number 3,715,059, 
and registered on the Principal Register of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on 
November 24, 2009).  
