 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A20  
new,” condition. Once decided, you may perform the work or engage others to perform 
it, request us to do it or some combination of the three.  Satisfactory completion of the 
work is a precondition to obtaining a successor agreement. The cost and expenses of 
any work to be performed will be your responsibility. 
7. You and/or your manager must attend our training class within the 8-week period prior 
to executing your successor Franchise Agreement,  
8. It is your sole responsibility to obtain the estimates, locate contractors, have the work 
performed in a timely and neat and workmanlike manner, pay your contractors, notify 
us of the completion of the work, have it inspected by us and complete all this, in time 
to attend your training session. 
9. You must sign our then current form of Franchise Agreement and, where permitted, 
you must execute a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of any and all claims 
against us, our affiliates, and our officers, agents and employees.  Our current form of 
general release is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A, Part 4, but we can change 
it in the future.  You acknowledge having reviewed Exhibit A, Part 4 and find its terms 
acceptable. If we are party tenant to the lease for the premises, this is only a 
conditional renewal. By signing the Franchise Agreement, you are committing to a 
successor franchise with us conditioned on the renewal of the premises by the 
landlord. Upon receipt of a signed Franchise Agreement from you, we will begin 
discussions with the landlords regarding renewing the lease for the premises. If 
renewal is confirmed by the landlord, we will finalize the renewal and execute the 
successor Franchise Agreement. 
C. 
Because your eligibility to enter into a successor Franchise Agreement depends 
on your fulfillment of the terms and conditions stated in this Section 16, you should not plan 
for or expect to enter into a successor Franchise Agreement. 
D. You will enter into our then-current form of Franchise Agreement, which will be the one 
generally used by us at the time of execution and which is offered to all others, similarly 
situated. It may differ from this agreement in its terms, fees and conditions in material ways.  
Other changes may be required to comply with state and federal laws. 
E. You will have to remit the then current Successor Franchise (Renewal) Fee, as it is then 
described in our franchise disclosure document, and the updated Security Deposit amount 
with your signing of the successor Franchise Agreement. If the premises is not renewed, then 
the Renewal Fee and the Security Deposit update will be returned without interest to you. If 
for any reason the premises is renewed and you attempt to renege on your renewal 
commitment, your Renewal Fee and the Security Deposit update will be forfeited by you, and 
you will be responsible to us for all damages. 
F. You, and all of your equity owners, if you are a business entity, will sign a general release 
in a form we prescribe, of any and all claims against us and our affiliates and their respective 
officers, directors, shareholders, manages, members, agents and employees in their 
corporate and individual capacities, including, without limitation, claims arising under federal, 
state and local laws, rules and ordinances; provided, however, that any release will not be 
inconsistent with any state law regulating franchising. 
G. Up to a year prior to the end of the term of this Agreement, we may send you a notice, 
asking whether you wish to obtain a successor Franchise Agreement.  If you do, then you 
must submit whatever documentation we require to us, so that it reaches us by the date 
specified in the request.  If a renewal requires remodeling of the location, we may require that 
you deposit with us 50% of the estimated remodeling costs of the fixture, furniture, equipment 
