 
Disclosure Document 
40 
following.  We have no obligations other than those stated below: 
 
1. Perform periodic on-site quality assurance visits to assist you with any operational 
problems you may have conforming to our System, including checks of your décor, displays, 
trademark usage, signs advertising and business format, and give you a written copy of the 
quality assurance manager’s (inspection) report and advice regarding correction of 
deficiencies and compliance with standards, as we consider appropriate (Section 18 C. of the 
Franchise Agreement). Quality assurance visits may be suspended during events of force 
majeure or when conditions outside of our control negatively impact our or our designee’s 
ability to provide such visits, including, for example, if states impose travel restrictions or travel 
may affect the health or safety of those traveling. 
 
2. Replace defective items in the Snow White Package supplied by us when returned to 
us within one year after the item’s delivery to you and, if applicable, installation in the salon, 
along with a written explanation of the deficiency.  We guarantee your satisfaction and the 
performance of all of the Snow White Package products we provide to you for a period of one 
year. (Sections 18 C. and 25 of the Franchise Agreement).  We generally will not accept the 
returns of non-defective items but reserve the right to do so and apply a 30% restocking fee 
against such items. 
 
3. Assist you with your advertising and promotional efforts, as we consider appropriate 
(Section 18 C. of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
4. Make the assistance available to you that we offer to other franchisees. We will make 
additional assistance available, if you request it and it is within our capability and we determine 
to provide it. (Sections 18 C. of the Franchise Agreement).   
 
5. Provide you with forms for monthly reporting of gross sales any other required 
information, such as customer count as required under the Franchise Agreement or the lease, 
if we are a party tenant to the lease and if applicable. Further we offer assistance in completing 
accident/insurance reports and forms (Sections 18 C. of the Franchise Agreement).  For 
leases where we are a party tenant, we will deliver the monthly gross sales information 
received for your salon to the appropriate prime landlord, such as Wal-Mart―as required 
under the 2009 MLA/ Sublease Schedule (Section 25 C. of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
6. Introduce new products and techniques to offer your customers, as we consider 
appropriate (Section 18 C. of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
7. Provide additional training as we believe is required (Section 18 C. of the Franchise 
Agreement).  
 
8. Provide operational guidance and assistance with maintenance and repair matters, as 
we consider appropriate, or at your request, and at your cost (Section 18 C. of the Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
9. Provide guidance and assistance regarding the possible sale of your salon on request 
and as we believe appropriate (Section 18 C. of the Franchise Agreement).  
 
10. Furnish you with any changes to the COM during the term of the Franchise Agreement 
(Section 11 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
11. Maintain a tollfree customer complaint number and attempt a resolution at your 
expense, as required (Section 29 of the Franchise Agreement). 
