B.
C.
D.
E.
XI.
B.
C.
1.
Licensee, however, may sub-license this agreement to its franchisees, in which case, they
shall be bound to the terms of this license, as though and to the extent that the original
parties are. The sub-licensees shall be responsible for the faithful performance hereof and
the Licensee shall not be relieved of its responsibilities, hereunder, by virtue of the sub
licensing of this agreement
Access to Store. Licensee shall not have a key to any Store; furthermore, when the Stores
are closed and not open to the public for business, Licensee and its employees and agents
shall only have access to a Store when HEB or its representatives are present.
Advertising.
Licensee shall not use advertisements utilizing HEB's name or reputation,
for any reason other than specifying its location, without HEB's express written consent.
However, Licensee acknowledges that from time to time HEB may wish to utilize joint
promotions, and Licensee agrees to work with HEB in this endeavor and pay it’s pro rata
share of any joint promotions.
Transfer or Mortgage by HEB. If HEB should convey or mortgage, or propose to convey
or mortgage all or part of, or any interest in, the Store, Licensee shall promptly upon
request execute the following:
Attornment.
Licensee shall execute an agreement in recordable form to attorn to
any successor to HEB.
Trade Names.
Licensee represents that Licensee is legally entitled to utilize the "Regal
Day Spa" trade name, and that Licensee shall do business at the Premises under that trade
name and using its trademark. Neither party shall, as a result of this License Agreement,
acquire any rights whatsoever in or to any trademark, trade name or service mark now or
hereafter owned or used by the other party.
5
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Continuous Operation.
Licensee shall continuously and uninterruptedly during the Term
of this License Agreement, occupy and use the Premises for the purposes specified herein
on a schedule determined by the mutual agreement of the parties hereto throughout the
Term of the License Agreement, (to be determined by tenant, posted on Premises, and not
less than 60 hours a week) unless otherwise authorized by HEB, in its sole discretion.
It
is understood that Licensee is obligated to remain open and do business in the Premises
continuously throughout the Term and that this provision is an integral part of this
License Agreement and one without which this License Agreement would not be made.
TRANSFERS. / SUBLICENSING
A.
Assignment or Subletting by Licensee.
HEB
is entering into this Agreement with
Licensee in reliance upon Licensee’s expertise and experience in the business to be
conducted by Licensee pursuant to concession or similar arrangements with grocery
stores such as HEB.
Licensee shall not assign this Agreement or any of its rights
hereunder without the written consent of HEB to such assignment, which consent HEB
may grant or deny in its sole discretion.
Every such assignment shall recite that it is and
shall be subject and subordinate to the provisions of this Agreement, and the termination
or cancellation of this Agreement shall constitute a termination and cancellation of every
such assignment.
For purposes hereof, the sale, transfer or other disposition of capital
stock or ownership interest of Licensee shall be deemed an assignment subject to the
prohibitions hereof.
