 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A10  
agreements. 
8. You shall not assign or convey or attempt to assign or to convey any interest in our 
mark to a third person or party. 
9. Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC is the owner of the domain name “www.regalnails.com”. 
10. Any and all goodwill arising from the use of the mark accrues solely to us and is 
exclusively for our benefit and that none shall ever accrue to you as a result of your use 
of the marks.  No monetary value shall be assessed or assigned to you as attributable 
to any goodwill associated with the marks. 
11. Upon termination or expiration of this agreement, in addition to those duties specified in 
Section 38, you shall immediately assign to us your: 
 a. d/b/a, fictitious name or business alias; 
 b. Telephone listing; 
 c. Yellow page advertising; 
 d. Website or any other form of communication containing our mark; and 
 e. All goodwill associated with the mark; all at no cost to us and refrain from further use 
of the mark. 
12. You will operate the salon only under the mark Regal Nails, Salon & Spa or Regal 
Nails, as solely designated by us, and not any modified or derivative versions thereof 
and will use the mark solely in the manner prescribed by us. 
13. Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC may modify or replace the existing marks, in which 
case, you will modify or replace the mark(s) you are using, the necessary and 
reasonable costs and expenses of which shall be borne by us. 
10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
A. In further consideration of the grant of this franchise, you warrant and agree that you: 
1. 
Shall neither directly nor indirectly contest our ownership of the marks “Regal”, “Regal 
Nails Salon & Spa Nails” and “Regal Nails”. 
2. 
Are aware that there has been no determination, vis-à-vis third parties in the U.S. 
Patent Office or in any court or other proceeding nor has there been any litigation 
involving the mark which would negatively affect or impact your use of the mark. 
3. 
Shall not use any modified or derivative version of “Regal”, “Regal Nails Salon & Spa” 
or “Regal Nails” and shall use only the marks “Regal Nails, Salon & Spa” or “Regal 
Nails” and such other marks as are approved in writing by us and use them only in the 
manner authorized and permitted by us. The preceding sentence shall apply to, 
without limitation, the printing and use of business cards (see the Confidential 
Operating Manual for details and authorized formats). 
4. 
Shall use the mark(s) only for the operation of the Regal Nails Salon & Spa salon or 
Regal Nails salon, as we designate, franchised hereunder and only in the territory 
authorized herein or in advertising for the business conducted in that territory; will not 
use the mark in conjunction with the performance of any unauthorized service or sale 
of prohibited merchandise. 
5. 
No agreements limit our right to use or to license the marks. 
6. 
Shall not use the mark(s) to incur any obligation or indebtedness nor in any manner 
