2.
3.
4.
1
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and promises contained herein,
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency and validity of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to amend the Lease as follows:
All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this First Amendment have the
same meaning as provided in the Lease.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this First Amendment and the terms of
the Lease, the terms of this First Amendment shall govern and control.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO
WAL-MART MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT
RECITALS
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Wal-Mart Master Lease
Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2009 (the "Lease");
WHEREAS, the parties desire to modify the Lease in accordance with the terms and
provisions of this First Amendment;
1.
Section 7.3 of the Lease Agreement entitled "Store Relocation, Renovation and Closing" is
hereby amended by adding the following language as section 7.3(B)(3):
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO WAL-MART MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT (this
"First Amendment") is made and entered into by and between Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart
Stores East, LP, Wal-Mart Stores Arkansas, LLC, Wal-Mart Louisiana, LLC and Wal-Mart Stores
Texas, LLC (collectively herein after "Landlord”) and REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC
("Tenant").
The effective date (the "Effective Date") of this First Amendment is the date on
which this Amendment is last executed by a party hereto, as indicated on the signature pages of
this Amendment.
This First Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which are
one and the same Amendment and all of which
become effective on the effective date
"(3)
If, in connection with Store Renovations, Landlord determines (in its
sole
desertion)
that
there will not
be
space
available for Tenant upon
completion of the Store Renovations, Landlord, may terminate this Master
Lease within 90 days written notice to the Tenant and related Attachment A as
to the applicable Leased Premises.
In the event such termination occurs
during the first five (5) years of the Lease Term for the applicable Leased
Premises, Landlord will reimburse Tenant for the unamortized portion of the
cost of Tenant's initial Improvements to the particular Leased Premises,
calculated on a straight line depreciation basis over five years, not to exceed
$100,000.
Landlord will not be liable for any other cost or expense of Tenant
ceasing operations in the applicable Leased Premises."
