 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A44  
12. Fail to submit in a timely manner and in the prescribed manner, those reports of monthly 
gross sales and customer data required by us or otherwise obstruct us from obtaining 
monthly gross sales and customer data.  (Wal-Mart locations: Wal-Mart may terminate the 
lease to the salon premises for this failure.) 
13. Fail to submit incident reports to the insurer in proper form and in a timely manner. 
14. Treat customers in a rude or crass manner, fail to treat them courteously or act 
obnoxiously in their presence. 
15. Have unauthorized appliances, furniture or other such items in your salon. 
16. Fail to adhere to the Regal Nails, Salon & Spa Maintenance Program. 
17. Fail to prominently display copies of your professional license. 
18. If we are a party tenant to the lease, fail to attend a periodic or special in-store meeting 
with the big box retail store manager and his staff. 
19. If we are a party tenant to the lease, failure to adhere to the rules and procedures 
contained in the landlord’s Tenant’s Handbook. 
20. If we are a party tenant to the lease, fail to cooperate with the landlord, their contractors 
or ours in any effort to repair, redecorate or improve your salon. 
21. Change or alter the decor of your salon or falsely report its condition. 
22. Fail or refuse to comply with or to honor warranties. 
23. Failing to file any report or filing false reports to us. 
24. Fail to oversee the operation of your salon. 
25. Fail to comply with all laws, including but not limited to the requirements of your state 
board and your federal and state tax returns obligations. 
26. Use “Credo” or other razor-type tools. 
27. Fail to have or to use a FDA-approved autoclave and to sterilize your instruments after 
each customer’s use. 
28. Fail to use an EPA / hospital approved sterilizer / cleanser to sterilize /clean your pedi-
spas, after each customer’s use. 
29. Offer or provide any products or services without our written approval. 
30. Fail to maintain a clean salon in a sanitary condition. 
C. Non-Curable Defaults   Non-curable events of default are those, which result in an immediate 
termination of this agreement upon notice.  We need only send a Notice of Default to you and this 
agreement shall terminate immediately, with no right to cure.  Non-curable events of defaults are 
instances where you and / or your principals do one or more of the following:  
1. Fail to attend the Training Program described in Section 19, or fail to attend a retraining 
program you have been requested to attend, expressly including failing to re-attend a 
training program within 90 days’ notice of our knowledge of a second claim within a three-
year period. 
2. Fail to notify us in writing not more than 180 days and not less 120 days before the end of 
the term of this Agreement of your wish to execute a successor Franchise Agreement for 
an additional three-year term.   
