 
Disclosure Document 
21 
(1) 
TYPE OF FEE(1)"
(2) 
AMOUNT
(3) 
DUE DATE
(4) 
REMARKS
Liquidated Damages 
The total of all 
Monthly Fees 
(which includes 
the monthly 
franchise fee, 
base rent and 
rental tax if we 
are party tenant 
to the lease) 
due through the 
remainder of 
the franchise 
term, plus, if 
applicable 
Monthly Utility 
Charges and/or 
CAM due 
through the 
remainder of 
the Franchise 
Agreement.
At the time of 
termination 
This amount is payable on the 
early termination of the 
Franchise Agreement and will 
be discounted to present value 
using the then-current prime 
rate of interest quoted by our 
principal commercial bank. 
 
(1) 
All fees are imposed, collected by and payable to us, unless otherwise noted.  All 
fees are non-refundable, except for those limited refund circumstances noted in Item 5, above.  
You must participate in our electronic funds transfer program which authorizes us to utilize a 
pre-authorized bank draft system.  As noted in the chart, some of these fees have annual 
increases. 
 
(2) 
If we are a party tenant to the lease, you will comply with all of the terms and 
conditions of the lease to the premises, as though you had signed it yourself. We have the 
rights that the landlord/prime lessor would have under the lease in terms of enforcing your 
obligations.  Under the Franchise Agreement and lease, you may pay additional rents 
including percentage rent, which is calculated according to your sales and other variables, 
which cannot be estimated or stated, if you default, or continue operating or occupying the 
premises after your lease’s expiration or termination (Refer to Exhibit A). If this is a Wal-Mart 
location, see C-1 of the disclosure document for the applicable provisions in the 2009 MLA. 
In addition to monthly and percentage rent, some landlords may require a Monthly Utility 
Charge and/or CAM for the share of the premises’ utilities. CAM for our purposes includes 
amounts charged for property insurance and property tax by the landlord, even if the landlord 
separately itemizes CAM, property insurance and property tax on the lease for the premises. 
If such amounts are required by the landlord, it will be passed onto you to pay along with any 
increases to the amount. For example, HEB charges $200 for utilities for certain locations, 
with a possible 10% annual increase and, in Florida, a landlord has charged $1150 for CAM 
and increased it annually according to actual costs. 
 
(3) 
Some jurisdictions impose a rental tax, based either on the area leased or the 
amount of your rent.  If they apply to your salon, and you are operating under a sublease with 
