 
Disclosure Document 
1 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
The Franchisor and Its Predecessor 
 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, "we", "us" or "our" means Regal 
Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC (the “Franchisor”).  We are a limited liability company formed in the 
State of Nevada on September 30, 2005. Our principal place of business is 5150 Florida 
Boulevard, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, 70806.   
 
We conduct business under our registered trademark “Regal Nails Salon & Spa”.   We 
have offered franchises for Regal Nails Salon & Spa nail salons since April 1, 2006. On 
January 1, 2011, we also acquired the rights and obligations as franchisor for franchised Regal 
Nails & Spa outlets from our former affiliate Regal Nails Select, LLC. We do not own or operate 
any nail salons.  
 
We have never offered franchises in any other line of business and other than those 
activities described in this paragraph we do not engage in any other business activities. Our 
agents for service of process in the states whose franchise laws require us to name a state 
agency as agent for service are shown on Exhibit D. 
 
We have no parent companies. Our predecessor and affiliate Regal Nails, LLC is a 
Louisiana limited liability company formed in 1996. The principal business address of Regal 
Nails, LLC is 5150 Florida Blvd., Baton Rouge, La 70806. From 1997 through most of 2005, 
Regal Nails, LLC offered franchises for salons operating under the trade name “Regal Nails,” 
which are substantially similar to those offered in this disclosure document. On April 1, 2006, 
we assumed Regal Nails, LLC’s rights and obligations under 227 “Regal Nails” subleases and 
franchise agreements. By March 1, 2008, all of the Regal Nails franchise agreements and 
subleases were transferred to us. Neither we nor Regal Nails, LLC offer new Regal Nails 
franchises and all of the existing Regal Nails franchises that were transferred to us have 
already begun, or will shortly begin, operating as “Regal Nails Salon & Spa” salons. Regal 
Nails, LLC never offered franchises in any other line of business. Regal Nails, LLC formerly 
operated four company-owned Regal Nails salons in California but has sold them and has no 
plans to open additional Regal Nails salons. 
The Franchisor’s Affiliates 
 
Regal Nails, Canada, ULC. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. Its principal place of 
business is 5150 Florida Blvd., Baton Rouge, La. 70806. This subsidiary was formed as an 
Alberta ULC on October 13, 2006. It is engaged in selling franchises under the Canadian 
Trademark, Regal Nails, Salon & Spa. Regal Nails, Canada, ULC has offered Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa franchises since December, 2006. Regal Nails, Canada, ULC has not offered 
franchises in any other line of business.  
 
Our affiliate Alfalfa Nail Supply, Inc. (“Alfalfa”) is a Louisiana corporation formed in 1995.  
Its principal business address is 11488 S. Choctaw Dr., Baton Rouge, La. 70815.  Alfalfa does 
not own or operate a business of the type offered in this disclosure document.  Alfalfa sells a 
full line of nail supply products, furniture and fixtures to nail salons, including franchised Regal 
Nails Salon & Spa salons and salons which are not associated with us or Regal Nails.  Alfalfa 
has never offered franchises. 
