 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A14  
which include, without limitation, the COM, all advertisements, brochures, marketing materials 
and all other works of original expression created by or on our behalf. 
P. Upon termination or expiration of your franchise, you will immediately cease all use of our 
copyrighted and proprietary material, the COM, and to return all such material to us. 
Q. The System must not remain static, but must change to meet presently unforeseen 
changes in technology, competition, demographics, populations, consumer trends, societal 
trends, and other marketplace variables.  As a result, it is in your best interest that of our other 
franchisees, and Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, when we institute changes for those reasons.  
Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that from time to time, we may change the 
components of the System, including, but not limited to, altering or modifying the products, 
programs, services, methods, standards, forms, policies and procedures of the System or 
abandoning the present System in favor of another System, such changes usually being the 
result of a merger, acquisition, other business combination or for other reasons of ours.  The 
changes may include, by way of illustration, adding to, deleting from, or modifying those 
products, programs and services, which you are authorized to offer.  Other examples include 
modifying trade dress, the layout of the premises, equipment, furniture, fixtures, decor, colors, 
color schemes, uniforms, signage, and all other aspects of the salon’s construction, design, 
appearance and operational attributes which you are now required to observe.  We may also 
change, improve, modify or substitute its marks.  You expressly agree to comply with any such 
modification, changes, additions, deletions, substitutions and alterations, with the assurance 
that such changes shall not materially and unreasonably increase your obligations under the 
terms of this Franchise Agreement. 
R. We shall have no obligation to you or be liable to you for any expenses, losses or damages 
sustained by you as a result of any of the modifications described above. 
S. You agree not to commence or to join in any litigation or other proceeding against us or 
any third party complaining of any such modifications or seeking expenses, losses or 
damages caused thereby.  You waive any claims, demands or damages arising from or 
related to the foregoing activities, including, without limitation, any claim for breach of contract, 
breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, and/or breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
12. FRANCHISEE’S REPRESENTATIONS 
You, affirming your representations and warranties, and recognizing the advantages of the 
System and the Mark(s) and the value of the goodwill associated with them, warrant and 
represent that: 
A. You wish to own and operate a Regal Nails Salon & Spa franchise or (if you are 
renewing a Regal Nails, LLC franchise agreement and have chosen to continue to do 
business under the Regal Nails mark alone) a Regal Nails franchise; 
B. You are of good moral character and reputation and have a good credit rating, financial 
capability and competent business qualifications; 
C. You will operate the salon in a manner consistent with the high-quality standards 
associated with the system and the mark(s) that will further promote Regal Nails Salon & 
Spa’s goodwill and reputation; 
D. In exchange, Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC will grant a franchise under the terms of this 
agreement and provide training and services related to the System; 
E. The terms of this agreement are acceptable to the parties and acknowledged by you to be 
fair and reasonable; 
