 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A32  
plans and timeline, we may, at your sole expense, complete the remodel with a contractor of our 
choice. Further, if you fail to remodel according to our specifications, plans, and timeline, then you 
agree to close and suspend the operations of the salon at your sole cost and expense, until such 
time that the remodel is completed according to our specifications, plans, and timeline; during 
such suspension of operation, you shall remain responsible and liable for your obligations under 
this Agreement, expressly including but not limited to the timely payment of your Monthly Fees 
and insurance premiums.  
E.  Maintain your merchant services solution and, applicable if purchased, the point of sale system 
in good working order so that it functions normally and without error and without any obstruction 
to remote access by us, the landlord (if required), and our designees. 
F. Should you need assistance or have questions, you agree to call us for assistance. 
23. 
INSURANCE 
A. During the term of this Agreement, you agree to maintain in full force and effect such minimum 
required insurance coverages that we designate and communicate to you in writing or otherwise 
through the COM.  Currently, such required minimum coverage includes a CGL and PL with the 
liability limits prescribed in this section; the CGL and PL must be obtained from an insurance 
company with a rating of A+ or better and a financial size category rating of VII or better as rated 
in the A.M. Best Key Rating Guide for Property and Casualty Insurance Companies and through 
us by an approved agent and insurer and is the primary policy for your salon. You must execute 
all documents presented to you to evidence your agreement to, bind, ratify, or otherwise maintain 
such CGL and PL. Further, you grant us a limited power of attorney to execute such documents 
as well as any other documents related to such CGL and PL and any other policy that we require 
be obtained and maintained by you, including policy cancellation forms, on your behalf. The CGL 
policy shall provide liability limits at a minimum $2,000,000 each occurrence, with at least 
$4,000,000 of Aggregate General Liability coverage.  Additional General Liability coverage shall 
include Damage to Premises Rented by you of $100,000, and Medical Payments in the amount 
of $5,000. The CGL shall further include Personal and Advertising Injury Liability of $1,000,000 
Per Occurrence and Products Liability as included in the foregoing.  The PL shall be a minimum 
of $1,000,000 per wrongful act with an aggregate of $2,000,000, or included and shared with the 
Comprehensive Commercial General Liability, whichever is greater. We provide no Property 
coverage whatsoever on behalf of the Salon location and make no warranties or representations 
of the adequacy of the amount of coverage you request. On all coverage, we are to be provided 
and scheduled as Loss Payee status with regards to the Property as well as an Additional Insured 
as Grantor of Franchise with regards to the Liability. Furthermore, if we are a party tenant to the 
lease, you shall further require the liability insurance to extend coverage to us and schedule us 
as a separate additional insured as Manager/Lessor of Premises, and name and schedule the 
landlord and/or our lessor as an additional insured. This shall be in addition to and not a part of 
any other requirements from the legal owner of the property location. 30-day notice shall be 
provided to us in the event of cancellation for any reason. 
B. You acknowledge and agree that the insurance policies do not protect you against every 
type of loss, including the required CGL and PL insurance policy.  You agree to consult with 
your insurance agent for additional coverage.  We reserve the right to required that you obtain 
and maintain Property Insurance to provide insurance protection for your Business Personal 
Property and Contents at with a coverage amount of at least $25,000 for said Business Personal 
Property.  The Property coverage shall further extend to any and all Betterments and 
Improvements as well as a reasonable amount of Business Interruption coverage. This policy 
shall be on an ‘All Risk’ or “Special’ peril coverage basis and afford ‘Replacement Cost’ valuation 
on all applicable coverage.   The deductible is set forth by the insurer, but currently is no greater 
