 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A24  
9.   Provide additional training to you or your manager when required. 
10. Check your business decor, displays, signs, advertising and business format. 
11.  Assist you in your advertising and promotional efforts as we deem necessary. 
12.  Upon your request and at your cost, locate repairmen to assist with maintenance and 
repair problems. 
13.  Counsel you on compliance with our franchise system. 
14. Should you ever have to dispose of your salon, we may, but are not obligated to or assist 
you in finding a buyer.  We do not guaranty that we will succeed in finding a buyer. 
15.  Assist you with monthly report of gross sales forms. 
16.  Assist you with accident reports and insurance claim forms. 
17.  Refer you to others who may help, if we cannot. 
18.  Check your use of our marks. 
19. Accept the return of defective Snow White Package merchandise from us upon notice 
to us and if within the one year limited warranty period.  You must notify us in a timely 
manner of the problem and return the goods as instructed.  At our option, we may accept 
the return of a non-defective Snow White Package merchandise, however, such return 
will be subject to a 30% restocking fee. If you have purchased additional 
merchandise from Alfalfa Nails Supply, Inc., after the initial items of your Snow 
White Package have been spent or replaced or in addition to the Snow White 
Package, you must return any of those defective items to Alfalfa directly. A 
restocking charge may apply. 
20.  Our services, no matter what you purchase or do not purchase, continue throughout 
the duration of this agreement, as does your obligation to adhere to its terms. 
D. Services of Franchisor.  We are not obligated to perform the services set forth on this 
agreement to your level of satisfaction, but as a function of our experience, judgment and 
knowledge.  We do not promise that any services, other than those contained herein shall be 
provided to you.  To the extent that any other services, or any specific level or quality of service 
is expected, you must obtain our written commitment to provide such services or level of 
service, in writing, signed by one of our officers.  Without such a written commitment, there is 
no obligation on our part. 
19. TRAINING 
You acknowledge and agree that: 
A. Prior to your grand opening, it is mandatory that you and your manager attend a three-day 
training session at Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC’s home office.  The training includes various 
aspects of your franchised business, including the opening and establishment of your 
operational nail salon, promotion, purchasing, suggestions on hiring, customer relations, 
customer satisfaction, personnel, and accounting-related subject matter, as well as other 
techniques involved in the franchise.   
B. You will pay any and all expenses of those attending the program for your salon. Regal 
Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC must approve of those attending, one of whom must be the 
franchisee, principal owner or his designated representative, such as the manager.   
C. Upon receipt of an excessive number of reports of your failure to properly execute the 
terms of this Agreement, failure to meet the standards set forth in the COM, complaints from 
