 
Disclosure Document 
33 
hardware, which also currently functions as the hardware for our designated Point of Sale 
system, however we do not require that you purchase the software subscription necessary to 
use the hardware as your Point of Sale system.  We reserve the right to designate a vendor 
for all hardware and software solutions used in connection with the Salon, including for 
merchant services solutions, the Point of Sale system, and any related maintenance plan, 
however, it is ultimately your responsibility to ensure that the data of the merchant services 
solution and, applicable if purchased, the Point of Sale system is, at all times, remotely 
accessible to us, your Landlord (if we are party tenant to the lease), and to our designees for 
the purpose of collecting sales and customer data. To ensure there is no disruption in data 
collection, your merchant services solution and, if applicable, Point of Sale system should be 
connected to the internet and/or the cloud databases. Existing franchisees must purchase the 
merchant services solution and may, at their option, purchase the Point of Sale system upon 
notice and/or renewal, whichever occurs first. We may also designate a merchant service 
provider which you agree to engage and use in connection with Salon operations. Of that, 
Regal will receive 15% of the net profit of the merchant services rate, which may be used in 
any manner at our discretion. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining data or 
internet services for our connection to your merchant services solution and, applicable if 
purchased, Point of Sale system.   
 
We do not control Alfalfa, its product pricing or discounts, all of which may change in the 
future.  We purchase the Snow White Package from Alfalfa.  During the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2024, we received a total revenue of $22,647,300. $41,491 or 0.18% of our 
total revenue was derived from franchisee purchases and includes purchases by franchisees 
of the Snow White Package, which we paid to Alfalfa, and payments from the approved 
merchant services solution vendor. After the initial purchase of the Snow White Package, 
there are other required items franchisees must purchase directly from Alfalfa. During the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Alfalfa received $1,711,979 from our franchisees’ direct 
purchases and leases from Alfalfa. The revenue amounts which Alfalfa derived were provided 
to us by Alfalfa. Alfalfa does not issue audited financial statements. In 2024, we received 5% 
on all sales from Alfalfa for purchases of Regal Nails branded products and an additional 2.5% 
on all sales from Alfafla for purchases of Regal Nails mani/pedi pods, and we receive 15% of 
the net profits the merchant services vendor receives from our franchisees payments to them, 
where “net profits” means the amount received by the vendor from franchisee, less fees 
charged by credit card companies, and less fees charged by our point of sale supplier.  
 
We have no purchase agreements with other suppliers, nor do we have any volume 
purchase agreements, which result in benefits to us as a result of franchisee purchases.  
There are no purchasing cooperatives.  
 
Assuming the estimated minimum initial costs to begin operations and other financial 
obligations are within the ranges described in Item 7, we estimate the proportion of your 
purchases and leases of goods and services from approved suppliers, or which meet our 
specifications, to be approximately 80% to 85% of all purchases and leases in establishing 
your franchise business and approximately 65% to 80% of ongoing costs of operating your 
salon.   
ITEM 9 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other 
agreements.  It will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in 
