 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E28 
our master lease with your landlord to terminate this Agreement.  We must receive your 
notice of termination under this Section 5.C within the 30-day notice period and 
termination will be effective on the same day the termination of the master lease results in 
your loss of right to occupy the leased premises.  If you elect to exercise your right to 
terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 5.C, and the effective date of 
termination is within three years of the Effective Date of this Agreement, you will not be 
bound by the post-term 1-year non-competition covenant included in Section 33 of this 
Agreement.”  
9. 
Section 11(S) of the Franchise Agreement is deleted. 
10. 
Sections 12(A), (B), (D)-(J) of the Franchise Agreement are deleted. 
11. 
Section 12(H) of the Franchise Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:  
You agree to comply with all laws and licensing requirements applicable to your salon 
during the term of this agreement and other regulations specific to the operation of the 
salon in your state or locality.  
12. 
Section 14.AF of the Franchise Agreement is supplemented with the following:  
“If you are a party tenant to a lease for a premises for which we hold master lease with 
your landlord, and your landlord requires that you either relocate or remodel such 
premises during the first three years of your initial term:  
 
We will provide you with written notice of the landlord’s election to remodel or 
relocate on our receipt of such nonconfidential information from the landlord;  
 
We will waive the portion of the Monthly Fee that is not collected on behalf of third 
parties and that accrues during any period where your landlord requires that you 
cease operations in the process of remodeling or relocation; and  
 
On receipt of proof of your relocation or remodel expenditures necessitated by the 
landlord’s required relocation or remodel, we will provide you with a credit towards 
future Monthly Fees due up to a maximum of a $2,500 credit, where we will grant 
you the full $2,500 credit on receipt of proof of expenditures described in this 
Section that meet or exceed $2,500.” 
13. 
Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement is supplemented with the following: 
“Franchisees have no obligation to indemnify or hold harmless an indemnified party for 
losses to the extent that they are determined to have been caused solely and directly 
by the indemnified party’s negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.” 
14. 
The following language is removed from the signature page of the Franchise Agreement: 
“AND THAT I HAVE RELIED ON NO STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE 
BY OR ON BEHALF OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC CONCERNING ANY 
ASPECTS OF THE REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA FRANCHISE IN PARTICULAR, 
OTHER THAN SUCH STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OR THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PERTAINING 
THERETO.”  
15. 
In Paragraph 12 of Part 2 to the Franchise Agreement, “or relied on” is deleted. 
16. 
Part 4 to the Franchise Agreement (“General Release”) is supplemented with the following 
language: “The general release does not apply with respect to claims arising under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the rules adopted 
thereunder.” 
