 
Disclosure Document 
2 
The Franchise, The Market and Competition 
You will operate a full service nail salon offering, at a minimum, manicures and 
pedicures under the name “Regal Nails Salon & Spa.” The services you offer to customers 
will be subject to the restrictions of the lease to the premises or other applicable agreements, 
such as the Exchange Concessionaire Contract (the “ECC”) for Exchange shopping centers 
on military bases. Regal Nails Salon & Spa salons are typically located in a Wal-Mart (“WM”). 
However, they may also be located in or as part of other big box retail stores and shopping 
centers.  
If you have the proper licenses, equipment and space, you may also perform waxing 
services if not restricted from doing so by the landlord. A small number of franchisees, based 
on your landlord’s policies, may obtain the privilege of performing eyelash extension services 
from us; at this time, we do not anticipate or expect to extend this privilege to other 
franchisees. Conditions for obtaining these services can be found in Item 16. The core 
business of your Regal Nails Salon & Spa salon will be that of a full service nail salon, and 
these additional services will be only a small part of your business. If you obtain the privilege 
of performing eyelash extension services from us, you may purchase the approved eyelash 
extension materials and supplies from any supplier. We may require that you purchase certain 
furniture for waxing and eyelash extension services from Alfalfa.  
If your salon will be in a Wal-Mart or any other location where we are a party tenant, 
you must understand that our business model and your ability to operate your franchised 
business in such a location are tied to our ability to maintain a master lease agreement with 
Wal-Mart or the respective landlord and to any decision it makes on whether or not to make a 
specific space in one of its stores subject to the master lease agreement.  We do not control 
and cannot predict what any of those decisions may be.  A landlord of whom we are a party 
tenant to is not obligated to grant us leases for new spaces.  If we are party tenant to the 
lease, then we and the landlord will enter into a lease for your space and then the Sublease 
Schedule of your Franchise Agreement will apply to the terms of our sublease of the premises 
to you. If, for any reason, the lease for your salon premises is terminated by the landlord, then 
we may terminate the franchise agreement for the salon without fault or liability to us. 
For Wal-Mart locations, at present, you are only permitted to perform manicure, 
pedicure, and waxing services and sell related goods from these locations. We reserve the 
right to franchise or own and operate “test locations” that may perform additional services, 
such as hair care and eyelash extensions, within Wal-Mart locations. 
This paragraph solely pertains to locations within a Wal-Mart center in the 
United States. Our current master lease agreement with Wal-Mart (the “2009 Wal-Mart 
Master Lease Agreement” or the “2009 MLA”) is in effect as of the date of this disclosure 
document and has no defined term.  The initial term of the lease/sublease for a space in a 
Wal-Mart is generally 60 to 66 months (depending on when rent commences), with up to 2 
consecutive additional 3-year options, subject to your compliance with certain requirements 
and renewal of our lease for your space with Wal-Mart. We and Wal-Mart enter into only an 
initial lease for your space and have to mutually agree to renew the lease, in our respective 
discretion.  Certain existing franchisees who have remodeled their spaces have been offered 
a longer initial sublease term with two 3-year mutual renewal options when a corresponding 
offer is made by Wal-Mart to us for the lease to such premises. In very limited circumstances, 
some franchisees have requested that a shorter sublease term be granted; when and where 
Wal-Mart is willing to grant a shorter lease term to us, we have obliged the requesting 
franchisee and have offered a shorter term. This is rare and we reserve the right to decline to 
