1
F3WLE
ATTACHMENT A RENEWAL
Article II
Intentionally omitted.
1.
Automatic Extension/Remodel.
2.
Page 1 of 10
J
(c) Any scope of work in addition to the Remodel Scope must be previously approved by
Landlord.
(b) The Remodel shall be undertaken by Tenant at its sole cost and expense subject to such
conditions as Landlord may impose. At a minimum, the scope ofwork for the Remodel
shall be to remodel the Leased Premises to the current Landlord approved proto-type
(“Remodel Scope”).
Lease Term.
The Lease Term for the Leased Premises is hereby extended, commencing
on
| (“Renewal Term Commencement Date”) and shall expire and this
Attachment A shall terminate nine (9) months after the Renewal Term Commencement
Date (“Expiration Date”), subject to the automatic extension given for a remodel, described
below. No other extension options are available.
(a) If Tenant completes a remodel of the Leased Premises, the minimum scope of which
is described below (“Remodel”) no later than the Expiration Date, then the Lease Term
ofthis Attachment A shall automatically be extended to the
anniversary of
the Renewal Term Commencement Date.
In order for this extension to be effective,
Tenant must submit pictures of the completed Remodel to Landlord for written
approval prior to the Expiration Date.
Article I
LEASED PREMISES
Tenant: REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC
Store #:
Wal-Mart Stores East, LP (“Landlord”) and REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC (“Tenant”)
entered into a Master Lease Agreement effective March 6, 2009 (“Master Lease”) and previous
Attachment A agreement(s) and now desire to extend the term of the Master Lease for the below-
described Leased Premises subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease, to which this
renewal Attachment A attaches and incorporates into upon full execution of this Attachment A by
Landlord and Tenant (the “Effective Date”). All capitalized terms used in this Attachment A have
the meanings set forth in the Master Lease unless otherwise specifically stated in this Attachment
A.
ATTACHMENT A
SAOxVLt
DS
L
Article III
LEASE TERM, BUY-OUT CLAUSE, EXTENSION, EXPIRATION AND SURRRENDER
The Leased Premises consists of approximately
I square feet of floor space in the Store
commonly referred to by Landlord as Walmart
in the City of
J State of
The Leased Premises is further depicted on Exhibit A, attached hereto.
