 
Disclosure Document 
49 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF 
ON THE JOB 
TRAINING 
LOCATION 
1 Hour Lunch with Staff 
0 Hours 
0 Hours 
Baton Rouge, 
LA 
training facility 
Training Certificate 
Distribution 
1 Hour 
0 Hours  
 
Baton Rouge, 
LA training 
facility 
The instructional material is based on the COM, and also includes the Wal-Mart Tenant 
Handbook, the 2009 MLA, the Franchise Agreement, demonstrations and various handouts. 
The following is a list of instructors and their biographical information: 
Quy T. Ton has been with Regal Nails since its founding in 1995 and, currently, presides as 
its Chief Executive Officer.  
Guest speakers may be invited to give lectures.  
New franchisees, transferees, and those renewing must attend the training course at least 8 
weeks before their grand opening or renewal, as applicable.   
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
We award you a franchise to operate a single Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon performing 
manicures and pedicures under our trademark from a single site, located at a designated 
address (your non-exclusive “Territory”).  Your Territory thus consists of the four walls of the 
premises to your salon. For locations in which we are party tenant to the lease, we will not 
enter into a Franchise Agreement licensing a Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon or open a 
company-owned Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon in the designated retailer store address so 
long as you remain in compliance under the Franchise Agreement and related agreements 
with us; provided however, that we may enter into a Franchise Agreement licensing a Regal 
Nails Salon & Spa® salon or open a company-owned Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon in the 
same shopping center as your Territory without notice, additional compensation, or liability to 
you, regardless of whether such shopping center as the same address as the retail store or 
not. For locations where we are not a party tenant to the lease, we will not enter into a 
Franchise Agreement licensing a Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon or open a company-owned 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon in the same shopping center address as your Territory; 
provided however, that we may enter into a Franchise Agreement licensing a Regal Nails 
Salon & Spa® salon or open a company-owned Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon in or as a 
part of a big box retailer in the same shopping center as your Territory without notice, 
additional compensation, or liability to you, regardless of whether such big box retailer shares 
the same address as the shopping center. (Renewing Regal Nails® franchisees whose 
Franchise Agreements we acquired from Regal Nails, LLC have the right to continue to 
operate under the Regal Nails Marks and signs, and if they do so the provisions described 
above will apply to Regal Nails salons.).  
 
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive 
brands that we control.  Your rights in the Territory are exactly as described in the Franchise 
Agreement.  Except for the operation of a Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salon within the Territory, 
