 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A60  
By your execution of the Franchise Agreement, you grant us an irrevocable power-of-
attorney, coupled with interest, to inspect your salon and premises as frequently as we 
may decide for such purposes as we, in our sole discretion may choose. Inspections shall 
be conducted during your normal business hours. 
14. Our Rights as Sub-lessor 
You hereby also grant us an irrevocable power-of-attorney, coupled with an interest to 
effect all the foregoing. Franchisee expressly acknowledges that we shall have and may 
exercise all of the rights, benefits and remedies granted or retained by the Landlord under 
the premises’ Master Lease Agreement and all its attachments and addendums. Nothing 
in this Agreement shall enlarge any defenses of Franchisee under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or the premises’ Master Lease Agreement and all its attachments and 
addendums to any default, liability, obligation or claim by us nor diminish any remedies 
under the laws of the state in which the premises is located or the premises’ Master Lease 
Agreement and all its attachments and addendums that we may have in the event of 
Franchisee’s default. 
15. Abandonment of Property on Premises 
If on the expiration of this Agreement, your abandonment of the salon premises, or the 
termination of this Agreement, you leave any property of any kind or character in the salon, 
your act of leaving such property in the salon will (i) be construed as conclusive evidence 
of your intent to abandon such property, (ii) such leaving shall constitute abandonment of 
the property; and (iii) such leaving shall be construed as your express intent to return the 
premises to us. We, our agents, representatives, and attorneys, shall have the right and 
authority without notice or compensation to you, to reassume ownership of the abandoned 
property and remove and destroy, store, sell, use or otherwise dispose of such property, 
or any part of such property, in our sole discretion, and without being in any way liable to 
you. The provisions of this subsection shall survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. 
16. Joint and Several Obligations 
Your obligations hereunder are joint and several. 
