 
Disclosure Document 
9 
refund.   
 
2. If we are not a party tenant to the lease for your premises: 
 
 
a. If you renege within 30 days after signing the Franchise Agreement and have 
not yet obtained our approval for a site, then you may request a refund of your Initial Franchise 
Fee less $15,000.00. 
 
 
b. You forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee if you renege after obtaining our 
approval of a site. There will be no refund. 
 
 
c. You forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee if you fail to select a site, get our 
approval for the site, and secure such site from the landlord within 60 days of signing the 
Franchise Agreement. There will be no refund. 
 
 
d. You forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee if you fail to remit to us the $45,000.00 
Confirmation Fee within sixty days of signing the Franchise Agreement. There will be no 
refund. 
D. Other than as provided above, there are no refunds under any conditions. You must 
understand that we do not control any landlord’s, including Wal-Mart’s, site development 
decisions, development schedules, or leasing offers and may not be able to offer you a 
franchise at the location you desire at any particular time, if at all.  
E. The balance of the cost of your Snow White Package and any additional amounts owed to 
us or an affiliate for supplemental equipment, furniture, fixtures or equipment are due at the 
time of the delivery and set up of your salon. 
F. You also will pay us the following upon completion of delivery, setup, stocking and testing 
of your salon and before you begin operations: 
1) The full first and last month’s Monthly Fee, which ranges from $1,000 to $30,000 
for two months in most areas.  
2) A Security Deposit equal to the last two months’ Monthly Fee (estimated to range 
in total from $1,000 to $30,000 for two months) plus two month’s Monthly Utility 
Charge, and/or two months of Common Area Maintenance (CAM), as applicable 
(estimated to range, as indicated in F.4 below, from $200 to $1,200 per month).  
However, not all landlords will require an initial Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, 
therefore your Security Deposit total may equal $1,000 if there are no Monthly 
Utility Charges and/or CAM included in the Security Deposit, making the total 
Security Deposit range estimate equal to $1,000 to $32,400. The Security Deposit 
is refundable, without interest, when the franchise agreement for your location 
expires, if we do not apply it toward damages, including liquidated damages, 
unpaid balances such as unpaid franchise fees, other fees, and fines, or other 
losses we suffer in connection with your sublease/use of the premises, including 
for amounts paid by us for customer service complaints or gift certificate issues. 
No deposits, or portions of deposits, will be returned until you have vacated the 
salon, left it broom clean and in “white box” condition and delivered possession to 
us. Security Deposit will not be returned earlier than 3 calendar months after the 
expiration of the franchise. You also have to return to us our Confidential 
Operations Manual (‘COM’), cancel or assign your fictitious name filing, as we may 
require and return all other materials belonging to us. Refer to Article 38 of the 
Franchise Agreement (Exhibit A of this disclosure document) and Section 5 of the 
Sublease Schedule (Exhibit C-2 of this disclosure document). Upon early 
termination of the franchise agreement for any reason, you forfeit your security 
