 
Disclosure Document 
11 
items, for example, if your Salon is larger than a standard Salon. You may upgrade 
items in the Snow White Package by purchasing substitute fixtures, furniture, 
equipment, decorative items, and initial inventory but we must agree to the 
upgrade and they must be purchased from us as part of your Snow White Package, 
if available, or Alfalfa. You may purchase additional inventory from any source. By 
inventory, we are referring to the consumable supplies you may use in your 
services or products that you may sell. 
8) In addition to all other payments under this Agreement, you agree to pay us (or our 
affiliates) immediately upon demand: the amount of all sales taxes, use taxes, 
trademark license taxes and any other tax or levy – however denominated – 
imposed on, required to be collected, or paid by us or our affiliates (but not 
including corporate income taxes imposed on us or our affiliates) on account of 
goods or services we or our affiliates have furnished to your through sale, lease or 
otherwise, or on account of collection by us of the Initial Franchise Fee, or other 
fees called for by the Franchise Agreement. Except for sales taxes, which may 
range from $3,000 to $5,000, we cannot predict whether you will have to pay any 
of these taxes or estimate how much they will be.  
9) For Wal-Mart locations, Wal-Mart may charge additional fees before the opening 
of the salon for the right to operate out of its premises. These additional fees will 
be provided to you if applicable. This includes utility reimbursement, key money, a 
lease premises improvement charge, additional security deposit, and additional 
fire insurance reimbursement fee. If charged by Wal-Mart, you will be responsible 
for these additional fees and must pay them through us before the opening of your 
salon. At this time, Wal-Mart does not contemplate charging a lease premises 
improvement charge or additional security deposit, but reserves the right to do so. 
Wal-Mart has indicated that it plans to insure the structure of the lease premises 
for fire damage and seek reimbursement for this coverage, which has been 
estimated to be an average of $0.10 per sq. ft. annually but may be more or less 
depending on the insurance rating of the area. Wal-Mart has also indicated that it 
would charge key money if additional services are requested to be offered on its 
premises. Although they have not stated or done so, we are anticipating that Wal-
Mart may make the decision to charge key money for new locations. You must pay 
us any additional fees Wal-Mart requires and we will send them to Wal-Mart. 
10) These amounts will vary from salon to salon. Except as provided above in this Item 
5, none of these amounts are refundable unless we fail to deliver possession of 
the agreed upon salon site to you and as set forth above. 
For Wal-Mart locations: If you obtain the privilege of performing eyelash extension 
services from us before you open, we require you to purchase certain furniture for these 
services. The costs of this furniture, which are not refundable, are not included in point 7 
above. The cost of an electronic HT Perfect Chair which we recommend to use for eyelash 
extensions is $1,999, but there is also a $1,699 non-electronic model available. This furniture 
must be purchased from Alfalfa. Conditions for obtaining the privilege to offer waxing and/or 
eyelash extension services can be found in Item 16. At this time, we do not expect to or 
anticipate granting this privilege to franchisees not already in our testing group. 
 
 
 
