Tenant:
4S3S-5046-6563.2
Appendix-1
Basic Lease Terms
(2) If Landlord fails to cure the alleged breach within at least ninety (90) days following Landlord's
receipt of notice, Tenant may terminate the Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises with at
least sixty (60) days written notice, stating the date on which Tenant will vacate the Leased Premises,
to Landlord.
If Tenant fails to timely vacate the applicable Leased Premises, Tenant's notice of
termination will be deemed void; the Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises will continue
in full force and effect, and Landlord will be deemed to have cured any alleged breach of paragraph
1 .c. of this Appendix-1 . Tenant waives any right it may have available to it at law or in equity for any
Appcndix-l-l
Template - Nai] Salon
2006-01793
b.
Commencing on the actual Rent Commencement Date and continuing until expiration or termination
of the Master Lease in its entirety or as to the applicable Leased Premises and provided that Tenant is not
in Default (as defined in the Master Lease) as to the applicable Leased Premises, Landlord may not lease
to a tenant, other than Tenant, space located inside of the applicable Store for the Permitted Use. Tenant's
rights under this paragraph l.b. shall be null and void, and Tenant will lose all rights herein, if Tenant
ceases to use the applicable Leased Premises for the Permitted Use, if Tenant Defaults as to the applicable
Leased Premises, or if Tenant Transfers the Master Lease, either in its entirety or as to an applicable
Leased Premises, or its rights or interests in the Master Lease or sublets all or any portion of any Leased
Premises, other than as permitted under the Master Lease.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the following actions shall not constitute a breach by Landlord of this paragraph l.c:
(1)
Sales by Landlord, any of Landlord's affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents,
and sales by any other tenant in the Store whose leases pre-date the Master Lease;
(2)
; and
(3)
-
d.
If Landlord breaches paragraph l.c. of this Appendix-1, this paragraph l.d. shall govern Tenant's sole
remedy at law or in equity, and in no event will Landlord be liable to Tenant for any damages even if
actual, compensatory, or consequential.
(1) Tenant, within thirty (30) days following Tenant's receipt of any facts giving rise to the alleged
breach, shall notify Landlord, in writing, of the alleged breach describing with particularity the facts
and circumstances giving rise to the alleged breach and the date of commencement of the alleged
breach.
The following terms and conditions supplement the terms and conditions set forth in the body of
the Master Lease, to which this Appendix-1 attaches to and into which this Appendix-1 incorporates. All
capitalized terms used in this Appendix-1 have the meanings set forth in the Master Lease unless
otherwise specifically stated in this Appendix-1.
1.
Permitted Use of Leased Premises.
a.
During the Lease Term of the applicable Leased Premises, Tenant shall use the applicable Leased
Premises for the purpose of operating a full service nail salon offering manicures, pedicures and the sale
of professional nai] care products (the "Permitted Use").
Tenant shall operate in a diligent and
businesslike manner in conformity with Tenant s standards and policies. During the Lease Term of the
applicable Leased Premises, Tenant shall not offer facial or body waxing services and shall not offer or
provide any additional services or products in the Leased Premises, or change the use of the Leased
Premises unless previously approved by Landlord, in its sole discretion.
I
