 
Disclosure Document 
55 
to reinstate these privileges after they have been revoked. These privileges are non-
transferable and, if you choose to at a later date to transfer your salon, your buyer may not 
perform these services until all conditions are satisfied and we grant our approval. You should 
also be aware that even though you may obtain the privilege of performing these services 
from us, the core business of your Regal Nails Salon & Spa salon will be a full service nail 
salon, and these additional services will be only a small part of your business. There are 
additional costs related to these privileges. If allowed to perform these privileged services, 
you must purchase the necessary supplies and equipment from our designated suppliers 
and/or in accordance with our specifications. You may purchase the necessary approved 
supplies and equipment needed to perform eyelash extension services from any supplier. 
Certain furniture may be required to be purchased to provide these services. This furniture 
must be purchased from our affiliate, Alfalfa. At this time, we do not anticipate granting this 
privilege to franchisee who are not already a testing site for this service. 
We can modify the or change the system, trademarks, training program, COM, goods 
and services offered, at any time, restricted only by the terms of the lease to the premises if 
we are a party tenant. 
 
You must operate your franchised business to meet with our system standards, which we 
may modify occasionally. You may not use your franchised business for any other purposes 
other than the operation of a Regal Nails Salon & Spa salon business.  You must not use the 
trademarks for any purpose other than as we approve in writing.  If we are a party tenant to 
the lease, you must also comply with the rules and regulations established by the landlord for 
its tenants, which are subject to change, including a 100% guaranty of customer satisfaction. 
If we are not a party tenant to the lease, it is your responsibility to comply with your landlord’s 
rules and regulations and to maintain a good working relationship with such landlord. All 
franchisees must comply with any operative goals we establish and publish in the COM or 
which are contained in the Franchise Agreement.  Your failure to comply with any of these 
requirements is a breach of the Franchise Agreement and may result in termination of your 
franchise. 
You are solely responsible for hiring and supervising your staff members. You must 
adhere to your state board rules and regulations, including the use of only licensed manicurists 
and ensuring that licenses are properly displayed and maintained in the salon. You also must 
ensure that all your workplace meets safety requirements, including those prescribed by law, 
by us, in the COM or which are otherwise mandated for your location and by the landlord of 
your premises.  You must provide accident reports and otherwise meet all reporting and safety 
requirements.  (Refer to Section 27 of the Franchise Agreement).  For Wal-Mart locations, 
you must also comply with any Wal-Mart-imposed requirements in terms of your employees; 
currently, Wal-Mart requires that a background check be performed on all persons working on 
their premises, and as an independent contractor, you are responsible for performing these 
background checks on your employees. 
There is currently no requirement that you offer gift cards or certificates nor is there 
currently a prohibition against offering gift cards or certificates. If you do offer gift cards or 
certificates, you must restrict redemption to your specific location.  
At this time, you are not required to participate in a franchise-wide gift card/certificate 
program. We may require you, in our sole discretion, to participate in a franchise-wide gift 
card/certificate program in the future. In the event that a franchise-wide gift card/certificate 
program is implemented, you will be required to issue only those franchise-wide program gift 
cards/certificates designated by us and no other, and you will be required to redeem 
