19.5
19.6
19.7
19.8
19.9
Notice is deemed received on:
A.
Delivery if by hand;
(1)
(2)
Notice intended for Tenant must be sent to the address provided in Appendix- 1 .
B.
Benefit & Binding Effect. The terms, provisions, and covenants contained in this Master
Lease apply to, inure to the benefit of, and are binding on Landlord and Tenant and their
respective heirs, successors, and assignees.
Independent Contractors.
Nothing contained in this Master Lease creates a partnership,
joint venture, principal/agent relationship, or any other relationship other than that of
landlord/tenant between Landlord and Tenant.
Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Master Lease confers, or intends to confer, any
rights upon any person or entity not
a party to this Master Lease, except for the
Indemnitees identified in Section 13. IB above.
44
Template
No Obligation.
Landlord has no obligation to offer, nor does the course of performance
under this Master Lease create any obligation on Landlord to offer, any number of
locations for lease to Tenant.
Any locations offered for lease to Tenant in accordance
with this Master Lease are in the sole and absolute discretion of Landlord.
Landlord, in
its sole discretion and at any time, may cease offering locations to Tenant, and this
Master Lease will continue in full force and effect solely with regard to those Leased
Premises for which both Landlord and Tenant have signed an Attachment A.
Landlord
may lease locations that Landlord might otherwise offer to Tenant under this Master
Lease to
any
party
that
Landlord
chooses
including,
without
limitation,
Tenant’s
competitors.
Tenant recognizes and agrees that this Master Lease creates no exclusive
rights in Tenant’s favor.
19.10
Notice. Any notice required by this Master Lease must be in writing and delivered either
by hand; by commercial courier; or by placing notice in the U.S. mail, certified mail,
return receipt requested, properly addressed and with sufficient postage.
One (1) business day (Monday through Friday) after deposit with the
commercial courier, provided deposit is done timely so as to effect next business
day delivery, if by commercial courier; or
Fiduciary Relationship.
This Master Lease does not create a fiduciary relationship
between Landlord and Tenant.
Any expenditures, investments, or commitments either
party makes in reliance on any present or future business or lease with the other party is
done at such party’s own risk and without any obligation whatsoever from the other
party.
(3)
Three (3) business days after placing the notice in the U.S. mail, properly
addressed and with sufficient postage for certified mail, return receipt requested.
