 
Disclosure Document 
32 
Aggregate General Liability coverage.  Additional General Liability coverage will include 
Damage to Premises Rented by you of $100,000, and Medical Payments in the amount of 
$5,000. The CGL shall further include Personal and Advertising Injury Liability of $1,000,000 
Per Occurrence and Products Liability as included in the foregoing.  The PL will be a minimum 
of $1,000,000 per wrongful act with an aggregate of $2,000,000, or included and shared within 
the minimum limits of the Comprehensive Commercial General Liability. A deductible may 
apply and is estimated to range from $500 to $1,000 for CGL and PL policies. On all coverage, 
we are to be added as an Additional Insured as Grantor of Franchise with regards to the 
Liability. Furthermore, if we are a party tenant to the lease, you shall further require the liability 
insurance to extend coverage to us, as a separate additional insured as Manager/Lessor of 
Premises, and name the landlord and/or our lessor as an additional insured. This will be in 
addition to and not a part of any other requirements from the legal owner of the property 
location.  We provide no property coverage whatsoever on behalf of the Salon location and 
make no warranties or representations of the adequacy of the amount of coverage you 
request. However, we reserve the right to require that you purchase and maintain property 
insurance coverage in limits determined by us, with Business Personal Property (otherwise 
known as Contents) coverage at no less than $25,000 for the Content, extending to any and 
all Betterments and Improvements, and with a reasonable amount of Business Interruption 
coverage.  Such Property Insurance, if and when required, will have to be on an “All Risk” or 
“Special” peril coverage, afford “Replacement Cost” valuation on all applicable coverage, have 
a Wind/Hail deductible of no worse than 10% of coverage limits—a Wind/Hail exclusion will 
not be acceptable—and must provide us with Loss Payee status. 
 
We, our affiliates, and other parties we designate must be named as additional insureds 
on a primary non-contributory basis under each policy, except for policies required by statute 
in your jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, workers’ compensation and employer’s liability 
insurance policies. You and your insurers must also waive rights of subrogation against us.  
We may require additional types of coverage or increase the required minimum amount of 
coverage upon reasonable notice.  Your obligation to obtain coverage is not limited in any 
way by insurance that we have obtained for you.  Upon our request or as specified in the 
COM, you must provide us or our designees with certificates of insurance evidencing the 
required coverage.  Your insurer(s) must commit not to cancel or amend the policy or policies 
without at least 30 days’ prior written notice to us.  If you fail to obtain and maintain insurance 
coverage as required by your Franchise Agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation, 
to obtain the required insurance on your behalf and to charge you for the cost of the insurance 
plus a reasonable fee, currently 10% of the cost for the insurance, for our services in procuring 
the insurance. We also reserve the right to impose an Insurance Maintenance Administration 
Fee for the administration of your compliance with our minimum insurance requirements, and 
you agree to provide all related insurance information we or our designees request with 
respect to such administration program.  Currently, we do not expect that this Insurance 
Maintenance Administration Fee will exceed $100 per year. 
 
There is no requirement that you buy a computer, but, if you develop your own website, 
you must have regular access to a computer with a connection to the Internet so that you can 
review and maintain your website and receive communications from us.  You can use any 
computer hardware and software you desire to access the Internet.   
 
Under the terms of your franchise agreement, we do reserve the right to require that you  
purchase our designated hardware and software requirements, including our designated 
merchant services solution and Point of Sale system. As of the date of this disclosure 
document, we do require that you purchase our designated merchant services solution 
