 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A51  
contents will be held in storage, and you shall indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless for 
any claims, actions, suits, injuries, damages, expenses and costs arising out of or related to 
your failure to remove such personal property and salon contents from the premises and/or 
your abandonment of the same.  
4. Assign to us your salon’s: 
a. 
Telephone listing, 
b. 
Fax number, 
c. 
Websites and any Internet pages, listings, accounts, and domain names you own 
or control related to the Franchise, 
d. 
Social media accounts (including accounts where any username or online activity 
is related to the Franchise);  
e. 
Assumed business name or d/b/a, 
f. 
Yellow Pages advertising and 
g. 
Any other contract, which requires use of Regal Nails, Salon & Spa’s mark; 
5. Pay us any monies due,  
6. Surrender and assign to us whatever rights, if any, you may have to our mark and its 
attendant goodwill; and 
7. Comply with the terms of the Non-Competition Covenants, Section 33, and any 
indemnification obligations under this Agreement. 
B.  Upon early termination of this Franchise Agreement for any reason, you further agree that 
damages would be difficult to estimate, and that they include lost profits, damage to goodwill and 
harm to intellectual property and, as such, you agree to pay us a sum of money, calculated as 
follows, that reasonably represents our monetary losses of Monthly Fees and other monthly 
payments and which is in no way a penalty: 
1. The total of all Monthly Fees due to us through the remainder of the term under this 
Agreement, as set forth in the chart in Section 50 of this Franchise Agreement; plus 
2. The total of all Monthly Utility Charges and/or CAM due to us through the remainder of the 
term of this Agreement as set forth in the chart in Section 50 of this Franchise Agreement; 
and 
3. Discounted to present value using the then-current prime rate of interest quoted by our 
principal commercial bank.  
C. If on the expiration of this Franchise Agreement, your abandonment of the franchise or the 
salon premises, or the termination of this Franchise Agreement, you leave any property of any 
kind or character in the salon, your act of leaving such property in the salon will (i) be construed 
as conclusive evidence of your intent to abandon such property, and (ii) such leaving shall 
constitute abandonment of the property. We, our agents, representatives, and attorneys, shall 
have the right and authority without notice or compensation to you, to assume ownership of the 
abandoned property and remove and destroy, store, sell, use or otherwise dispose of such 
property, or any part of such property, in our sole discretion, without being in any way liable to 
you. The provisions of this subsection shall survive the expiration or termination of this Franchise 
Agreement.  
