 
Disclosure Document 
28 
and delivered possession to us.  Further, no deposits or portions of deposits will be returned 
to you earlier than 3 calendar months after the expiration of the franchise to address any 
unresolved claims or expenses. We are not required to maintain your Security Deposit in a 
separate account. It earns no interest for you. We have the right but not obligation to apply 
your Security Deposit against any overdue obligation by you to us under your Franchise 
Agreement or under any other agreement or arrangement you or your principals, if you are a 
corporate entity, have entered into with us, including returning the premises in white box and 
broom clean condition, and for any amounts we have paid as a result your operations, 
including customer service complaints and gift certificate issues. If we do apply your Security 
Deposit in such a manner, you must replenish your Security Deposit within 14 days of notice, 
subject to local law. If your Security Deposit is increased, you must increase your Security 
Deposit within 14 days of notice, subject to local law. Upon early termination of the franchise 
agreement or in the event of a holdover by you for any reason, you forfeit your security deposit. 
 (7) 
This is the cost of the equipment needed in order to process credit, debit, gift card, 
and digital forms of payment as charged by designated vendor from who you must purchasing 
the equipment.   The designated vendor may, entirely at its option, offer an installment plan 
for payment for the hardware. This same hardware is also the hardware necessary if you elect 
to use our designated point of sale system. 
 (8) 
You must obtain and pay for all necessary business licenses, fictitious name filings, 
and other permits, etc.  The State Board of Cosmetology or similar administrative or regulatory 
body of your state regulates your business and your profession and you must satisfy all laws 
and licensing requirements applicable to your nail salon before opening and during the 
franchise term.  You also must meet their operations standards or risk a shutdown, temporary 
or permanent, by such bodies. 
 (9) Many franchisees order optional, extra furnishings and equipment, such as additional 
pedicure spas, technician’s tables, dryers, etc., in addition to those provided in the Snow White 
Package (refer to Ex. G of this disclosure document for a list of items provided by us with the 
Snow White Package).  If your salon is larger than 400 sq. ft., you may choose to order extra 
furnishings and equipment, which will result in higher startup expenses.  This chart provides 
an estimated range of additional charges you can incur.  Your actual costs will vary depending 
upon the items that you order and the size of your salon.  If you perform waxing services or 
obtain the privilege of performing eyelash extension services from us before you open, we 
may require that you purchase certain furniture for these services. The costs of this furniture 
are not included in the estimate on the chart. A wooden cart to house the wax materials will 
cost $250. The cost of an electronic HT Perfect Chair which we recommend to use for eyelash 
extensions is $1,999, but there is a $1,699 non-electronic model available. This furniture must 
also be purchased from Alfalfa. Conditions for obtaining the privilege to offer eyelash 
extension services can be found in Item 16.  
 (10) You and your manager are required to attend training at our training facility in Baton 
Rouge, Louisiana before opening.  You are responsible for all costs of attendance, including 
transportation, lodging, meals, incidentals and any other expenses.  The low end estimate is 
based on one person attending at the estimated low end cost, and the high end estimate is 
based on two people attending at the estimated high end cost. Your overall costs to attend 
may be less or more depending on the actual price of travel and lodging, when you book them, 
the number of people attending, and your travel and lodging preferences. See Item 11 for 
additional information about training.   
 (11) These expenses relate to miscellaneous items, decorative items, flowers, candy, paper 
