R.
“Insurance Reimbursement Fee” means the amount, if any, set forth as such in the
applicable Attachment A.
3
Template
Q.
“Improvements”
means
any
addition,
alteration,
construction,
finish,
or
improvement to the Leased Premises; any attachment (including, but not limited to,
attachment through the use of drilling) of a permanent fixture, permanent furniture, or
permanent equipment; and includes, but is not limited to, completing the interior walls,
partitioning(s), floor covering, ceiling work, utilities, painting, finish work, restroom
facilities, signage (pursuant to Section 2.6 below), and any other thing necessary for
Tenant to obtain a certificate of occupancy for the Leased Premises and operate the same
as designated in Paragraph
1 of Appendix- 1, Permitted Uses.
W.
“Leased Premises Improvement Charge” means the amount, if any, set forth as
such in the applicable Attachment A as a one-time, non-refundable charge for Landlord’s
construction of the Leased Premises to White Box condition
V.
“Leased Premises” means the area of a Store leased to Tenant by Landlord subject
to
the
terms
and
conditions of this
Master
Lease,
as
identified
in
the
applicable
Attachment A and further depicted on the applicable Attachment A-l .
S.
“Key Money” means the amount, if any,
set forth as such
in the applicable
Attachment A as a one-time, non-refundable fee for the right to operate the Leased
Premises within the Store
T.
“Lease Term” means, for each Leased Premises, the period commencing on the
Lease Term Commencement Date and ending on the Expiration Date.
In the event that
the Lease Term of the applicable Leased Premises extends, any reference to the term
“Lease Term” includes the period by which the Lease Term extends.
U.
“Lease Term Commencement Date” means, for each Leased Premises, the day on
which the applicable Landlord and Tenant each sign the Attachment A for that Leased
Premises.
O.
“Hazardous
Substance”
means (i)
any
hazardous material,
hazardous
waste,
hazardous substance, toxic substance, biomedical waste, infectious waste, medical waste,
or toxic waste identified by any federal or state law; chemical, dust, mixture, medical
device, pharmaceutical, or common material capable of causing harm; or solid, liquid,
contained gas, sludge, pollutant, asbestos, petroleum product, polychlorinated biphenyls,
unused or returned consumer product, or other material, any of which, during the term of
this Master Lease, become regulated as a hazardous material, hazardous waste, hazardous
substance, toxic waste, or toxic substance; or (ii) any solid, liquid, contained gas, sludge,
pollutant, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, or other material that, during the term of
this Master Lease, becomes prohibited or requires special handling or treatment under
any applicable law or regulation, including common law.
P.
“Hours of Operation” means the hours that the Leased Premises shall be operated
as set forth in Appendix A-l of this Master Lease.
