E.
F.
I.
6.11
Use any forklift truck, tow truck, or any other machine or equipment in the Store,
in the Common Areas, or on any of the underlying ground, unless necessary to complete
Tenant’s obligations under Section 2.4 or unless otherwise agreed to in Appendix-1 .
Use the Leased Premises to conduct illegal business or for illegal purposes or for
any purpose that may increase the premium cost of or invalidate any insurance policy
carried on the Leased Premises, Common Areas, or the Store. If insurance premiums for
insurance policies carried on the Leased Premises, Common Areas, or the Store increase
in connection with Tenant’s use of the Leased Premises, Tenant will reimburse Landlord
for the increase.
Within the Leased Premises, receive, retain, store, or use any firearm, tear gas,
mace, pepper spray, dye pack, or any item similar to a firearm, tear gas, or dye pack.
18
Template
Encumbrances and Liens.
Tenant may not cause any encumbrance to attach to or upon
the Leased Premises, the Store, the Common Area, the land underlying any of the
foregoing, or Tenant’s interest in this Master Lease because of any act or omission of
Tenant, its contractors, agents, employees, or representatives.
Failure to discharge or
bond/insure over any encumbrance within fifteen (15) business days following its filing is
a material breach.
In addition to any right or remedy Landlord may have for the material
breach,
Landlord
may
bond or pay the encumbrance for Tenant’s account without
inquiring
into
the
validity
of the
encumbrance.
If Landlord
elects
to
pay
the
encumbrance, Tenant will reimburse Landlord, upon demand by Landlord, the amount
Landlord paid, plus an additional ten percent (10%) administrative fee, plus interest.
Interest will accrue at the lesser of one and five percent (5%) per annum or the maximum
amount allowed by law beginning on the day Landlord bonds or pays the encumbrance
G.
Unreasonably interfere with Landlord’s business or the business of another tenant
of Landlord or act in such a way that reasonably may be expected to injure Landlord’s
business relationship including, but not limited to, acting in any way that diminishes the
access to or the visibility of any portion of the Store or any other tenant’s premises or that
impedes the free circulation of customer traffic within the Store.
H.
Receive, retain, or store in the Leased Premises any "Controlled Substances”
except for any Controlled Substances included in an emergency medical kit.
For the
purposes of this Master Lease, “controlled substances” means materials containing any
quantity of a substance with a stimulant, depressant or hallucinogenic effect on the higher
functions of the central nervous system, and having the tendency to promote abuse or
physiological or psychological dependence, as designated in state and federal controlled
substance schedules including, but not limited to, those listed in Schedules I through V of
the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. §812, as may be amended.
Failure to comply
with this paragraph is a material breach.
D.
Place on any floor a load that exceeds the load per square foot that the floor was
designed to carry. Tenant may only install, operate, and maintain heavy equipment in the
Leased Premises if installed in such manner as to achieve a proper distribution of weight.
