 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A21  
and décor (expressly including flooring) prior to us seeking a lease term renewal with the 
landlord if we are a party tenant to the lease; if the lease term is not renewed, the deposit will 
be returned without interest to you. If we do not execute a successor Franchise Agreement, 
you agree to immediately comply with the provisions of Section 38, which entails a complete 
de-identification and the vacating of your salon. This provision should not be construed to 
relieve you of your obligation to inform us whether or not you desire to renew the franchise 
and sublease.  
H. Holdover.  If you continue to accept the benefits of this Franchise Agreement--including 
but not limited to the continued use of our marks--after the expiration of the Franchise 
Agreement and do not complete the requirements set in Sections 16 A through F above, at 
our option, we may treat this Agreement as: (1) expired as of the date of expiration and you 
will be operating without a franchise or license to do so and in violation of our rights to the 
marks and system, or (2) continued on a month-to-month basis (“Holdover Period”) and all of 
your obligations will remain will remain in full force and effect during the Holdover Period 
except, however, you will be charged a monthly amount equal to 150% of the sum of your 
Monthly Fee, plus 150% of  any applicable Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM if we a party 
tenant to the lease, as due under this Agreement (“Holdover Amount”).  Furthermore, this 
Holdover Amount will increase 4% annually, until proper renewal documents are executed; or 
this Agreement is deemed terminated. Each Holdover Period expires at the end of each 
calendar month unless this Agreement is continued as provided in this Section 16.  The 
Holdover Period does not create any new franchise rights and upon expiration of the final 
Holdover Period, you will be bound by all post-termination obligations as provided in this 
Agreement.   
If we deem this Agreement as expired and you continue to operate the business and retain 
possession of the premises, you agree to our assessment and withdrawal from your account, 
for each month you fail to cease operation of the business and vacate the premises, 300% of 
the sum of your Monthly Fee, plus 300% of Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM if we a party 
tenant to the lease, as due under this Agreement, if applicable. This sum will increase 4% 
annually.  The parties agree that this is a reasonable estimate of our damages as a result of 
your continued operation and possession of the premises, and that such amount is in addition 
to, and your agreement to reimburse us for any and all costs and expenses we incur, including 
attorneys’ fees and court costs, from your continued operations and possession of the 
premises after the expiration of this agreement. 
I. For locations in Wal-Mart: During the Term, Wal-Mart may change its base rent structure to 
percentage-based rent. Once implemented by Wal-Mart, you may be subject to the 
percentage-based rent rate structure and we do reserve the right to amend your payments 
under the Franchise Agreement to reflect this change, including but not limited to separating 
the rent payments and rental tax from the Monthly Fee and requiring that each be paid to us 
separately. 
17. INFLATION GUARD 
Upon the expiration of this Agreement, should a successor Franchise Agreement be 
executed, you will have to pay our then-current Monthly Fee which which may have increased 
significantly, , unless we are a party tenant to your salon’s premises and our then-current 
Monthly Fee does not cover the increase in base rent or property tax, in which case we may 
increase the then-current Monthly Fee to cover such additional costs. 
For locations where we are a party tenant to the lease, the Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, 
and all increases to each of them, shall be that which are set forth in the underlying lease for 
the premises. The increase in Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM for a renewal term will be 
