(4)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(5)
Rent.
HEB may recover rent from Licensee for what would be the balance of the
Term in accordance with the following provisions:
such rent and grant such concessions as HEB deems desirable.
HEB shall not be
required to relet the Premises, either pursuant to this License Agreement or by
any requirement of law or equity, but may allow the Premises to remain vacant
without terminating this License Agreement.
Monthly Default Gross Rent.
The amount of monthly default gross rent
("Monthly Default Gross Rent") shall be the sum of (i) Rent, and (ii) all
other items of rent.
Collection as Due.
At HEB's option, HEB may receive or recover from
Licensee from time to time the Monthly Default Gross Rent less the
amount by which (i) the total Minimum Rent and other items of Rent
actually received for a period by HEB under a reletting of the Premises
exceeds
(ii)
reasonable
expenses
of HEB
in
connection
with
the
Premises, including any repairs, remodeling costs in making the Premises
leasable, brokerage commissions, attorney's fees and court costs, whether
or not such expenses in (ii) exceed the total (i).
Interest.
Any amounts due from Licensee under this License Agreement
shall bear interest at the rate of 1 8% per annum or the highest lawful rate,
whichever is lower.
9
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center DevelopmentMnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Bankruptcy. If the event of Default is related to bankruptcy as described
above, and this License Agreement is terminated, neither Licensee nor
any person claiming through or under Licensee by virtue of any statute
or order of court shall be entitled to possession of the Premises but shall
promptly surrender the Premises, and HEB, in addition to all other rights
and remedies HEB may have under other provisions of this License
Agreement or of any statute or rule of law, may retain as liquidated
damages any Rent or monies received by HEB from Licensee or from
others in behalf of Licensee.
In no event, without the express approval
of HEB,
shall
this
License
Agreement
be
considered
an
asset
of
Licensee's
estate
in bankruptcy or insolvency
or of any receiver or
trustee. Any action or adjudication with respect to the property or affairs
of any guarantor of this License Agreement which, if taken by, against or
with respect to Licensee, its property or affairs, would entitle HEB to
exercise any remedy specified herein, may be treated, at HEB's sole
option and discretion, as though such action were so taken by, against or
with
respect
to
Licensee
and
HEB
may
thereupon
pursue
against
Licensee the remedies set forth in this subparagraph.
Other Remedies.
HEB shall have the right to an injunction and to invoke any
remedy allowed at law or in equity as if re-entry, summary proceedings and other
remedies were not provided for. In such event HEB shall be entitled to recover
from Licensee and have paid as Rent all reasonable expense HEB may incur in
connection with its efforts to secure such injunctive relief or other remedy such
as court costs, printing costs and attorneys' fees.
The words "re-enter" and re
entry" as used in this License Agreement are not restricted to their technical
meanings.
