 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E21 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO THE REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply: 
1. 
The laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement or Louisiana law if such provisions are in conflict with North Dakota law. 
Sections 36, 37, and 42 of the Franchise Agreement provide that the agreement shall be 
construed according to the laws of the State of Louisiana.  These provisions shall be 
deleted and the agreement shall be construed according to North Dakota law. 
2. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue or 
requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of North 
Dakota, is deleted from Franchise Agreements issued in the State of North Dakota. 
Section 37 of the Franchise Agreement, which provides that franchisees must consent to 
the jurisdiction of courts in the State of Louisiana, is deleted.   Sections 36 and 37 of the 
Franchise Agreement Section 37 B. of the Franchise Agreement will be modified to 
provide that the site of any arbitration or mediation will be agreeable to all parties. 
3. 
 Section 16 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted and the franchisee will not be required 
to sign a general release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement 
4. 
Covenants restricting competition in the State of North Dakota may be subject to Section 
9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code. Covenants not to compete such as those 
referenced in Section 33 of the Franchise Agreement and Exhibit B the Agreement Not to 
Compete are generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota 
5. 
Section 37 H.3 of the Franchise Agreement, which provides for the payment of termination 
or liquidated damages by the franchisee, is deleted in its entirety. 
6. 
Section 37 C. of the Franchise Agreement which requires the franchisee to consent to a 
waiver of trial by jury. The waiver of trial by jury is deleted from Section 37 C. and each 
place it appears in  agreements used in North Dakota. 
7. 
Section 37.H of the Franchise Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a waiver 
of exemplary and punitive damages. This provision is deleted each place it appears in 
Section 37 and all other agreements used in North Dakota. 
8. 
Section 37 of the Franchise Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a limitation 
of claims within one year. This provision is changed to read so that the statute of limitations 
under North Dakota Law will apply. 
 
