9.6
10.1
B.
C.
permit any person or entity other than Tenant to use the Leased Premises; or
D.
F.
10.2
Requesting Landlord’s Consent.
10.3
A.
Common Areas.
Despite the preceding Sections, Landlord may close or prohibit the use
of any Common Area, in part or in whole; may change the location or appearance of the
Common Area; or may erect additional structures in the Common Area, provided such
changes do not materially impact access to the Leased Premises.
Transfer of Tenant’s Interest.
During the term of this Master Lease, Tenant may not,
without the prior written consent of Landlord, which Landlord may withhold in its sole
discretion, take any of the following actions (individually and collectively, a ’‘Transfer”):
transfer, at any time during the term of this Master Lease, any part or all of
Tenant’s shares of stock resulting in the majority owner(s) of said shares of stock as of
the day Tenant signs this Master Lease no longer maintaining effective voting control of
Tenant.
Any request for Landlord’s consent pursuant to this Article X must be in writing
and include:
Article X
Transfer of Interest, Subordination, Attornment
28
Template
Effect of Unauthorized Transfer.
Subject to the exceptions in Section 10.1, any Transfer
or attempted Transfer without Landlord’s prior written consent will be void and will not confer
any rights upon any third person and will constitute a material breach of this Master Lease.
permit any transfer of its interest in this Master Lease by operation of law other
than a transfer by operation of law to an Affiliate;
cause or permit Tenant’s dissolution, merger,
or consolidation, other than
a
merger.
(1)
The proposed effective date of the Transfer, which should not be less than
forty-five (45) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days in advance of
the notice;
A.
transfer, encumber, or pledge its interest in this Master Lease, either in its entirety
or as to a particular Leased Premises, or an applicable Leased Premises, other than to an
Affiliate;
E.
transfer, at any time during the term of this Master Lease, more than an aggregate
of fifty percent (50%) of Tenant’s voting shares or more than fifty percent (50%) of the
value of Tenant’s unencumbered assets (as of the date of the transfer); or
