 
Disclosure Document 
38 
limited instances, such as agreeing to remodel or a request by you for a shortened term, your 
terms may be shorter or longer, depending on negotiations between us and you and us and 
Wal-Mart.  
You must add any applicable taxes, Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, repairs, 
maintenance costs, fees (including any Wal-Mart imposed key money, leased premises 
improvement charge, additional security deposit, and insurance reimbursement fee) and other 
expenses associated with occupancy of the salon (refer to Items 6 and 7 of this disclosure 
document).  The first month’s Monthly Fee and any related rental tax is payable in advance, 
as are all monthly payments.  Your Security Deposit is equal to the two final months’ Monthly 
Fee and, if we are party tenants to the lease to the premises, any applicable Monthly Utility 
Charge and/or CAM. Your Security Deposit does not earn interest.  Security Deposits may be 
mixed with other funds of ours.  We have the right to but are not obligated under the Franchise 
Agreement to apply deposits toward amounts owed to us, damages, or other particular 
lease/franchise obligations.  The Security Deposit is refundable at the expiration of the lease 
and delivery of the premises in condition satisfactory to us, subject to offset for damages and 
other amounts you may owe us (Section 7.D of Franchise Agreement). 
Term – the length of your sublease with us. A Term is generally 60 to 66+ months (36 
months for renewal terms), depending upon the commencement date of the lease to the salon 
premises.  Longer Terms may be granted for certain locations that remodel their salons. A 
reduction in months is possible as well if requested by you, from the onset, and approved by 
the landlord. 
Interest Rate- N/A 
Prepayment Penalty - None 
Security Required - When you sign the Franchise Agreement, you (and your owners, 
if you are a business entity) grant us a security interest in all property, including personal 
property, which is on the salon premises then or during the term of the Franchise Agreement. 
(Section 7.D of Franchise Agreement) 
Liability upon Default - Loss of franchise, the amount of all Monthly Fees and Monthly 
Utility Charges and/or CAM due for the term of the Franchise Agreement, attorney’s fees, 
costs and other damages as described in Section 38 of the Franchise Agreement. 
Waivers of Defenses – There are no waivers of defenses.  You remain obligated to 
pay the Monthly Fees, which includes the monthly base rent and rental tax if we are a party 
tenant to the lease for the premises, in the event a breach of the Franchise Agreement.  
Default - If you do not pay your Monthly Fee, which includes the monthly base rent if 
we are party tenant to the lease for the premises, timely or any other payment due us, or do 
not cure a breach of the Franchise Agreement, or are adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, or 
abandon your salon, we have the right to terminate your Franchise Agreement, and then 
commence an action for damages, eviction, or both. We may accelerate the remaining 
installments due, and ask that the court award costs and attorney’s fees. When you sign the 
Franchise Agreement, you promise to us that you will comply with all of the terms and 
conditions of the lease to the premises, as though you had signed the lease yourself.  For this 
reason, we have the rights that the landlord would have under the lease, as to you, including, 
for any Wal-Mart location, the remedies described in Article XVII of the 2009 MLA. 
Assignment - We do not assign, discount or sell our subleases, but reserve the right 
to do so, subject to any rights held by Wal-Mart or other landlord of a lease where we are a 
