 
Disclosure Document 
42 
The regional advertising cooperative will order an audit following the end of each fiscal 
year. The auditors will present their audit report to the Board of Directors of the cooperative 
as soon as practicable, and the Board of Directors will then present the report to you and the 
other members of the cooperative at the next regular meeting or at a special meeting. 
There is currently no advertising fund. If we form a system advertising fund (the 
“Fund”), we will notify you in writing of the starting date and amount of your Fund contributions. 
Once formed, we anticipate that fund contribution amounts will be $25 to $500 per month and 
will be made on a periodic basis of our choosing, which may be monthly, quarterly, semi-
annually or annually. 
If a Fund is formed, we will direct all advertising programs and control the creative 
concepts, materials and media used, media placement and allocation. We need not make 
expenditures which are equivalent or proportionate to your contributions. We need not ensure 
that any particular franchisee benefits directly or proportionately from Fund advertising, nor 
must we spend any amount on advertising in your territory. The Fund will not be a trust and 
we will not be a fiduciary. 
The Fund may be used to meet all costs of administering, directing, preparing, placing 
and paying for national, regional or local advertising, promotions and public relations. This 
includes: television, radio, magazine, newspaper and worldwide web/internet advertising 
campaigns; other advertising, marketing and public relations materials; point-of-purchase 
materials; consumer research, interviews and related activities; the creation, maintenance and 
periodic modification of the Regal Nails website (a portion of which, it is expressly understood, 
may be devoted to describing the Regal Nails Salon & Spa and Regal Nails & Spa franchise 
offerings and the solicitation of potential Regal Nails Salon & Spa and Regal Nails & Spa 
franchisees); search engine optimization; establishing a third party facility for customizing 
local advertising materials; accounting for Fund receipts and expenditures; attendance at 
industry related conventions, shows or seminars; mailers, door hangers, freestanding 
inserts/coupons, brochures and sponsorships; mystery shoppers (both for the Regal Nails 
Salon & Spa and Regal Nails & Spa systems and for competitive networks or units); celebrity 
endorsements; other activities that we believe are appropriate to enhance, promote and/or 
protect the Regal Nails Salon & Spa and Regal Nails & Spa systems; and, engaging 
advertising agencies to assist in any or all of the above activities, including fees to have print, 
broadcast and/or internet advertising placed by an agency, and all other public relations and 
advertising agency fees. 
We need not maintain the money paid by franchisees to the Fund and income earned 
by the Fund in a separate account, but we may not use this money for any purposes other 
than those provided for in the Franchise Agreement. We can spend money from the Fund for 
our reasonable administrative costs and overhead for activities reasonably related to the 
administration of the Fund and advertising programs for franchisees, including, for example, 
preparing marketing and advertising materials; working with advertising agencies, advertising 
placement services and creative talent; preparing an accounting of contributions to the Fund 
and the annual statement of Fund contributions and expenditures described below; and, 
otherwise devoting our personnel, resources and/or funds for the benefit of the Fund. Our 
right to expend monies from the Fund to reimburse us for these activities does not include any 
advertising agency fees which the Fund must pay to secure the services of an advertising 
agency or to have print, broadcast or internet advertising placed by an agency. 
Within 60 days following the close of our fiscal year, we will prepare (but not audit) a 
statement detailing Fund income and expenses for the fiscal year just ended. We will send 
