Tenant’s Advertising. Promotion, and Media Inquiries.
6.8
A.
B.
D.
F.
6.9
6.10
A.
C.
Use the plumbing facilities of the Leased Premises or the Store for any purpose
other than that for which they were constructed.
Neither Tenant nor its Sublessees, nor
the invitees of either Tenant or its Sublessees, may use the plumbing facilities of the
Leased Premises to dispose of any foreign substances.
The expense of any breakage,
stoppage, or damage resulting from a breach of this paragraph will be born by Tenant.
Tenant
may
use
Landlord’s
name
only
to
the
extent
Landlord’s
Leasing
Operations Department approves and only as a location reference.
Tenant may not promote its services within the Store using Landlord’s in-store
public address system.
Restrictions on Tenant’s Activities.
In addition to any easement, covenant, or restriction
that affects or applies to the Leased Premises or the Common Area, Tenant, and its
Sublessees, shall not:
Tenant’s promotions related to the Leased Premises must be conducted
in
a
professional manner by trained individuals.
Restrictive Covenants. Tenant shall comply with and observe any easement, covenant, or
restriction that affects or applies to the Leased Premises and the Common Area.
Use the sidewalk adjacent to or any other space outside the Leased Premises for
display, sale, or any other similar undertaking.
17
Template
Tenant agrees that it will not, within the Leased Premises or anywhere else in the
Store, advertise, market, or promote any Competing Business.
For purposes of this
paragraph, “Competing Business” means any retail business involved in the sale of any
products or services sold from within the Store or by any affiliate, parent company, or
subsidiary of Landlord.
E.
Tenant may not release or cause to be released any statement to the press or
otherwise containing Landlord’s name or representing any relationship whatsoever to
Landlord,
without the prior, written
approval of the
Wal-Mart
Leasing Operations
Department.
B.
Use a loudspeaker system that may be heard from outside the Leased Premises;
place or permit any radio, television, loudspeaker, or amplifier on the roof, inside the
Leased Premises, or anywhere that the radio, television, loudspeaker, or amplifier can be
seen or heard from outside of the Leased Premises; or solicit or distribute any handbills
or other advertising
in
the parking
lot,
Store,
or Common
Areas,
unless otherwise
protected by law.
C.
Tenant may not post any Signs outside of the Leased Premises, except as provided
in Section 2.6B above, or post any handmade signs inside or outside of the Leased
Premises.
