 
Disclosure Document 
52 
you against claims of infringement or unfair competition.  The Franchise Agreement requires 
you to assist us if necessary in an administrative or judicial proceeding involving a trademark 
licensed to you by us. 
 
You must comply at your expense with any directions from us to discontinue, modify, 
substitute or add trademarks.  We cannot and do not make any guaranty that a modification, 
discontinuance or otherwise may not be required for any reason.  We will reimburse you for 
the actual, reasonable and necessary out of pocket costs that you have for replacement of 
signage or other items bearing any marks replaced by us, if we give advance approval to the 
claimed expenses. 
 
There are no agreements that limit our right to use or license our Marks.  We will grant 
you a non-exclusive right to use our Marks and we keep the right to (1) grant other franchisees 
the right to use the Marks, in addition to those already granted, both within and outside your 
territory, if any, (2) to develop and license other names and trademarks on the terms and 
conditions that we consider appropriate; and (3) to sell or franchise products and services 
under our Marks or otherwise through the same or different channels of distribution or through 
other marketing systems. 
You may not take any action concerning an alleged infringement or misuse of our 
Marks beyond the reporting requirement above, nor take any action as to a third party’s unfair 
competition or unfair trade practices without our knowledge and express written consent.  We 
reserve the right, to decide what action we will take, if any, if there are allegations of 
infringement or misuse of the Marks.  We reserve the right to retain counsel of our own choice 
for these matters and to control the conduct of any dispute, litigation or proceeding.  You must 
cooperate with us in the dispute and provide us with any information and reasonable 
assistance we or our lawyers’ request.   
You must notify us, upon discovering or learning of a trademark that is identical to or 
confusingly similar in appearance to ours or that which you are using. We need not take any 
action in response to your notification, but reserve the exclusive right to do so. We also have 
the exclusive right to control any administrative proceeding or litigation involving a trademark 
we have licensed to you but we have no obligation to do so 
If we decide to add, modify or discontinue a good or service covered by the Marks or 
any other trademark or service mark, you must also do so.  We will reimburse you for the 
tangible cost of complying with this obligation, if these costs are necessary and reasonable in 
our opinion.  You must modify or discontinue the use of the Marks, if we modify or discontinue 
the use of the Marks.  If this happens, we will reimburse you for your tangible costs of 
compliance (for example, changing signs), if these costs are necessary and reasonable in our 
opinion.  You may not directly or indirectly contest or challenge our exclusive ownership of or 
our right to use and license any of our trademarks. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION   
 
We own no patents. 
 
We and our subsidiary Regal Nails Canada, ULC share a distinctive system for the 
establishment of nail salons featuring manicures and pedicures, which is the result of 
significant expenditures of time and resources (the “System”). System procedures are 
provided to you in a written format also containing trade secrets and other proprietary 
information, which is referred to as the Confidential Operations Manual (“COM”).  “Manual” 
means and includes all manuals, policy statements, directives, bulletins and memoranda that 
