 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A38  
to any regions or localities in any manner we consider appropriate in our business 
judgment. The allocation may include rebates to individual franchisees of some or all of 
their System Advertising Fund contributions for local advertising expenditures if, in our 
judgment, our national or regional advertising program or campaign cannot effectively 
advertise or promote in certain regions or communities. If we determine that the total 
Advertising Fund Contributions collected from Regal Nails Salon & Spa, Regal Select, and 
Regal franchisees is insufficient to sustain a meaningful regional or national advertising 
campaign, we may rebate all or a portion of the Fund contributions to franchisees on a pro 
rata basis. Franchisees must expend any rebate on the types of local advertising and 
media that we determine. All rebate advertising expenditures must be documented to us 
in a monthly rebate advertising expenditure report form which we will furnish in our Manual 
or otherwise. 
8. Although, once formed, the System Advertising Fund is intended to be a perpetual 
duration, we maintain the right to terminate the Fund, but will not do so until all of the 
monies in the Fund have been expended for advertising and promotional purposes. 
C. We may, from time to time, establish, change, merge or dissolve regional advertising 
cooperatives for a geographic area which encompasses two or more franchised Regal Nail Salon 
& Spa salons (each a "Regional Advertising Cooperative"). We will furnish to you written notice 
of the establishment of any Regional Advertising Cooperative for your area. The notice will specify 
the date you are to begin contributions and your initial contribution of $10. All other contributions 
will be established by the Cooperative but will not be less than $10 per month. 
1. The By-Laws of each Regional Advertising Cooperative will provide that the Regional 
Advertising Cooperative will order an audit following the end of each fiscal year; that the 
auditors will present their audit report to the Board of the Cooperative as soon as 
practicable; and that the Board will then present the report to the members of the 
Cooperative at the next regular meeting or at a special meeting. 
2. The Regional Advertising Cooperative may expend its funds for any or all of the following 
purposes: (a) development of advertising ideas and concepts; (b) development of market 
research and merchandising programs; (c) preparation of advertising campaigns; (d) 
development of promotional ideas and strategies; (e) preparation of collateral creative 
materials; (f) preparation of advertisements; (g) placing and paying for regional marketing 
and advertising; (h) planning, negotiating, contracting and trafficking all media programs; 
(i) employing advertising agencies to assist in these activities and securing other technical 
and professional advice in connection with the above; (j) other public relations; and, (k) 
administration of the Cooperative, including legal and accounting services. It will not be a 
requirement that expenditures made by a Regional Advertising Cooperative be 
proportionate to your contributions or those of any other franchisee. There is no guarantee 
or expectation by you that you will derive, directly or indirectly, any benefit or proceeds 
from participation in any Regional Advertising Cooperative.   
3. Your failure to make any required payments to any Regional Advertising Cooperative will 
be a material breach of this Agreement which, unless cured as provided in Section 31 B, 
may result in this Agreement being terminated. 
27. 
SAFETY/ACCIDENT REPORTING 
A. You agree that you are solely responsible for the safety of your employees and customers.  
You agree to follow all safety bulletins, ordinances, orders, programs, and regulations necessary 
for the reasonable safety of those in and around your salon.  You agree to follow the safety 
instructions contained in the Tenant Handbook if we are a party tenant to the lease, 
