04
Tenant:
8.
Tenant's Disclosures and Reports-
4538'5046-6563.2
(1) If any audit conducted in accordance with this paragraph 8.c. finds evidence of under-reporting
of Gross Sales by an amount equal to or greater than three and one-half percent (3.5%) of the total
amount of Gross Sales reported, Tenant shall immediately pay to Landlord the amount under-
reported, and Tenant shall bear all costs and expenses of the audit.
Appendix-I-3
Template - Nail Salon
2006-01793
7.
Representations and Warranties. Tenant represents and warrants that the foundation of its business
is the adherence by Tenant, and any franchisee, agent, employee, or Sublessee of Tenant, to standards and
policies established by Tenant to provide uniformed operation of its business. Tenant covenants that the
Leased Premises leased by Tenant in accordance with the Master Lease will diligently be operated in a
businesslike manner in conformity with the standards and policies referenced in the preceding sentence.
a.
Tenant shall provide Landlord, on a monthly basis submitted with Tenant's Rent, a list of the Leased
Premises identified by Landlord's Store number, physical address, and (if Tenant leases more than one
Leased Premises in a single Store) the specific floor location; the date on which opened each Leased
Premises listed; whether the Leased Premises is operated by Tenant or by a Sublessee and, if operated by
a Sublessee, the name, local and regional business address and phone number of that Sublessee; the
phone number to each Leased Premises listed; and, if different from the Hours of Operation required in
paragraph 3 of this Appendix-1, the Hours of Operation for each Leased Premises listed.
b.
If Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord Percentage Rent, as designated in each applicable Attachment
A to the Master Lease, Tenant will daily submit to Landlord's Cash Office, in each Store in which Tenant
operates out of a Leased Premises, daily sales data for the applicable Leased Premises.
By the fifth (5th)
calendar day of the following month, Tenant shall submit to Landlord a spreadsheet listing sales from the
preceding month for each Leased Premises leased under die Master Lease. Sales must be listed according
to the applicable Leased Premises and broken down by daily sales (if possible). If Tenant cannot provide
a break down of daily sales as required in the preceding sentence, Tenant will provide a break down of
weekly sales, and if Tenant is unable to provide a breakdown of daily sales and weekly sales, Tenant will
provide a break down of monthly sales.
Upon receipt of this spreadsheet, Landlord will compile the
daily sales data Tenant submitted over the course of that month and will calculate the aggregate
Percentage Rent due from Tenant for all Leased Premises leased under the Master Lease.
c.
If Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord Percentage Rent, as designated in each applicable Attachment
A to the Master Lease, Tenant shall maintain, at its corporate headquarters or principal place of business
and for at least twenty-four (24) months following the end of Landlord's fiscal year, full and accurate
books of account and records from which Gross Sales (as defined in the applicable Attachment A) can be
determined. Until the end of the twenty-four (24) month period in which Tenant is obligated to maintain
its books of account and records, Landlord has the right to inspect and audit all books and records and
other papers and files of Tenant or its Sublessees relating to Gross Sales.
Any such inspection or audit
will be conducted during Tenant's regular business hours, and, at the request of Landlord, Tenant and
each Sublessee will produce the appropriate books and records and other papers and files relating to
Gross Sales.
6.
Advisements. Notwithstanding anything in the Master Lease to the contrary, Landlord shall not be
liable to Tenant for any loss of business or loss of inventory resulting from any interruption whatsoever
to the public utilities Landlord provides to the applicable Leased Premises pursuant to the Master Lease,
provided such interruption was beyond Landlord's control.
