 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E20 
 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the disclosure document, the following 
provisions shall supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of North 
Dakota: 
1. 
 Item 17(w) of the disclosure document and Sections 36, 37, and 42 of the Franchise 
Agreement provide that the agreement shall be construed according to the laws of the 
State of Louisiana.  These provisions shall be deleted and the agreement shall be 
construed according to North Dakota law. 
2. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or disclosure document which designates 
jurisdiction or venue or requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum 
outside of North Dakota, is deleted from Franchise Agreements issued in the State of 
North Dakota. Item 17(v) of the disclosure document and Section 37 of the Franchise 
Agreement, which provide that franchisees must consent to the jurisdiction of courts in the 
State of Louisiana, are deleted.   Item 17(u) of the disclosure document and Sections 36 
and 37 of the Franchise Agreement will be modified to provide that the site of any 
arbitration or mediation will be agreeable to all parties. 
3. 
Notwithstanding Item 17(c) of the disclosure document and Section 16 of the Franchise 
Agreement the franchisee will not be required to sign a general release upon renewal of 
the Franchise Agreement. 
4. 
Covenants restricting competition in the State of North Dakota may be subject to Section 
9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code. Covenants not to compete such as those 
referenced in Item 17(r) of the disclosure document, Section 33 of the Franchise 
Agreement and Exhibit B the Agreement Not to Compete are generally considered 
unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. 
5. 
Notwithstanding Item 17(i) of the disclosure document, Section 37 H.3 of the Franchise 
Agreement, which provides for the payment of liquidated damages by the franchisee, is 
deleted in its entirety. 
6. 
Section 37 C. of the Franchise Agreement which requires the franchisee to consent to a 
waiver of trial by jury. The waiver of trial by jury is deleted from Section 37.C. and each 
place it appears in the disclosure document and agreements used in North Dakota. 
7. 
Section 37.H. of the Franchise Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a waiver 
of exemplary and punitive damages. This provision is deleted each place it appears in the 
disclosure document and agreements used in North Dakota. 
8. 
Section 37 of the Franchise Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a limitation 
of claims within one year. This provision is changed to read so that the statute of limitations 
under North Dakota Law will apply. 
