Appendix-2-1
Template
2006-03192
5.
This Appendix-2 is attached to and incorporated into the Master Lease as part of the entire
agreement between Landlord and Tenant, as set forth in the Master Lease. All capitalized terms
used in this Appendix-2 have the meanings set forth in the Master Lease unless otherwise
specifically stated in this Appendix-2.
In the event of a conflict between the Master Lease and
Appendix-2 - Insurance
The following terms and conditions supplement the terms and conditions set forth in the
body of the Master Lease Agreement, to which this Appendix-2 attaches and into which this
Appendix-2 incorporates.
Tenant shall procure and maintain, in accordance with the Master Lease, the "primary" insurance
policies described below in accordance with the below conditions.
1.
Worker's Compensation insurance with statutory limits, or if no statutory limits exist, with
minimum limits of $500,000 per occurrence, and Employer's Liability coverage with minimum
limits of $500,000, for each employee for bodily injury by accident and for each employee for
bodily injury by disease.
Tenant shall cause Insurer to issue an endorsement providing stopgap
insurance in monopolistic states in which a Leased Premises under this Master Lease may be
located.
2.
Commercial General Liability insurance with a $2,000,000 minimum limit per occurrence for
each Leased Premises leased under the Master Lease or with per location aggregate limits for
each Leased Premises leased under the Master Lease.
a.
The Commercial General Liability policy required under this Paragraph 2 should contain
neither exclusion
for contractual liability assumed
by Tenant in a
lease nor any Absolute
Pollution exclusion, unless these coverages are provided by a separate policy with minimum
limits equal to the Commercial General Liability policy limits required by this Paragraph 2.
b.
Any policy obtained to satisfy the obligations of this Paragraph 2 must list as Additional
Insureds the parties described below in Paragraph 4.
c.
Tenant shall submit to Landlord no later than thirty
(30) days after
the actual
Rent
Commencement
Date,
Certificates
of
Insurance
and
endorsements
evidencing
Tenant's
compliance with this Paragraph 2.
3.
Tenant may satisfy the minimum limits required in Paragraphs 1 and 2, above, by procuring
and maintaining, in accordance with Article XIV of the Master Lease, Umbrella/Excess Liability
insurance on an umbrella basis, in excess over, and no less broad than the primary liability
coverage; with the same inception and expiration dates as the primary liability coverage it is in
excess of; with minimum limits necessary to satisfy the required primary minimum limits; and
which "drop down" for any exhausted aggregate limits of the primary liability coverage. Tenant
shall cause Insurer to issue an endorsement to any policy Tenant procures in satisfaction of its
obligations in this paragraph providing per location per occurrence limits or with per location
aggregate limits for each Leased Premises leased under this Master Lease and
listing
as
Additional Insured the parties described below in Paragraph 4.
4.
Additional Insureds are Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates, and the
directors,
officers, shareholders,
employees,
agents, and
representatives,
and
the respective
successors and assigns of each, and any party Landlord has a contractual obligation to indemnify
for Claims in connection with the Store or the Leased Premises.
