c.
D.
XV.
A.
Rent. Licensee fails to pay when due any payment of Rent;
1.
2.
3.
4.
B.
(1)
(2)
(3)
Abatement of Rent. If HEB is required to repair or restore any Premises, and such repair
or restoration would in Licensee’s and HEB’s reasonable judgment make it impossible
for Licensee to use the Premises for the purpose or purposes described in Section X. A
above, then Licensee shah not be required to operate at that location and all Rent payable
hereunder with respect to that particular location shall be abated during the course of such
repair or restoration.
Abandonment.
Licensee abandons, vacates or ceases operations in any Premises
without the prior written consent of HEB;
Termination of License Agreement.
HEB may terminate this License Agreement
by notice to Licensee.
No re-entry or other act performed or omitted by HEB
shall be deemed to have terminated this License Agreement or any obligation of
Licensee for payment of money or otherwise unless HEB shall expressly notify
Licensee in writing that HEB has elected to terminate this License Agreement.
Reletting.
With or without terminating this License Agreement, HEB may relet
the Premises or any part thereof, either in the name of the HEB or otherwise, for
a term or terms which may at HEB's option be less than or exceed the period
which would otherwise have constituted the balance of the Term, and may charge
Re-entry and Termination of Possession of the Premises.
HEB may re-enter the
Premises and remove Licensee or cause Licensee to be removed with or without
legal process and with such force as HEB deems necessary.
HEB may terminate
Licensee’s right to possession of the Premises without terminating the License
Agreement.
DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.
Default by Licensee. The following are events of default by Licensee:
8
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center DevelopmentMnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Remedies Against Licensee.
Upon the occurrence of an event of default by Licensee,
HEB shall give notice to Licensee in writing and if such item is not cured within five (5)
days of receipt of such written notice for non-monetary default and within ten (10) days
for monetary default, HEB shall have one or more of the following remedies:
Bankruptcy.
Licensee files in any court pursuant to any statute a petition in
bankruptcy or insolvency or for reorganization or arrangement or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or any such petition is filed against
Licensee and a receiver or trustee of all or any portion of Licensee's property is
appointed and such proceeding is not dismissed or the trusteeship discontinued
within thirty (30) days after such appointment.
Awards.
All compensation awarded for any condemnation shall
be HEB's property
whether such damages shall be awarded as compensation for diminution in the value of
this license or the fee of any Premises, and Licensee assigns to HEB all of Licensee's
right, title and interest in and to any and all compensation.
Other Obligations.
Licensee
fails
to
perform
any
obligation,
covenant or
condition or to comply with any provision of this License Agreement; and/or.
