Conduct annual audit of the 1-9 Forms for its employees;
(5)
Promptly correct any defects or deficiencies the audit reveals; and
(6)
(7)
C.
D.
Tenant represents and warrants that neither it nor its Sublessees are:
(1)
Tenant shall comply with the provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act
(“ADA”) as it relates to its operation of the Leased Premises.
25
Template
Require all subcontractors performing any work for Tenant to comply with
the covenants set forth in this Section 8.2B.
A person or entity designated by the U.S. government on the list of the
Specially
Designated
Nationals
and
Blocked
Persons
(the
“SDN
List”),
as
maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control
(“OFAC”) at http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn, with which a
U.S. person or entity cannot deal or otherwise engage in business transactions;
(1)
If, after Landlord delivers to Tenant the applicable Leased Premises, the
presence of any ADA violation on the
applicable Leased
Premises requires
remedial work on the Leased Premises and such ADA violation was not caused
by Landlord’s actions or failure to act as required with respect to Store (other than
the Leased Premises), Tenant will promptly take all actions at its sole expense as
are
required
by
any
federal,
state,
or local
government
agency
or political
subdivision to comply with the ADA; provided that Landlord’s consent to such
actions is first obtained, which consent Landlord may not unreasonably withhold,
condition or delay.
(2)
In
addition
to
Tenant’s
obligations
under
Article XIII,
Tenant
shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indemnitees from any Claim including,
without limitation, diminution in value of the Leased Premises, damages for the
loss or restriction of use of rentable or usable space or of any amenity of the
Leased Premises, damages arising from any adverse impact on marketing of space
of the Leased Premises, and sums paid in settlement of claims, attorney’s fees,
consultation fees and expert fees arising during or after the applicable Lease Term
as a result of such violation.
Tenant’s obligations in the preceding sentence
include, without limitation, costs incurred in connection with any investigation of
site conditions or any remedial work required by any federal,
state, or local
government agency or political subdivision because of any ADA violation present
on or about the Leased Premises not caused by Landlord’s actions or failure to act
as required with respect to the Store (other than the Leased Premises).
(3)
If, after Landlord delivers to Tenant the applicable Leased Premises, the
presence of any ADA
violation
exists
in
the
Store
(other than
the
Leased
Premises) which requires remedial work on the Leased Premises, Landlord, at its
sole cost and expense, will take all necessary actions required by any federal, state
or local government agency or political subdivision to comply with the ADA.
