 
Disclosure Document 
46 
the big box retail store and perform the work are not under our control.  We have no 
responsibility for any delays.  Delays may be caused by weather, labor, material, permits, and 
zoning problems, among others.  The big box retailer determines both the date when the salon 
must be open and the date for the Grand Opening of the Salon. 
 
After our receipt of the Confirmation Fee from you and site confirmation from the landlord, 
we arrange for the build out of your salon and delivery of all the items included in the Snow 
White Package, as described under pre-opening assistance in this Item, above, and Items 5, 
6, 7 and 8 of this disclosure document.  By taking possession of the salon after your inspection 
of the site, you are accepting the salon “as is” and are acknowledging that it has no defects 
or deficiencies. 
 
From time to time, a landlord remodels, rebuilds, removes or expands its retail stores or 
its shopping centers. It may convert them into larger or smaller stores or shopping centers or 
may move them to new locations. We do not know when or if your landlord will do any of these 
things. If we are a party tenant to the lease and such renovations occur, you will be given 
notice and the opportunity either to end your Franchise Agreement or, if the landlord has 
space allocated for your salon, to move to the new, remodeled, rebuilt, moved or expanded 
location, at your sole cost, which may be from $25,000 to $50,000 for Wal-Mart locations and 
more for other big box retailers. For locations where we are a party tenant to the lease, 
depending upon the size of your new salon and the local market value of the premises, the 
Monthly Rent may increase or decrease. If we are not a party tenant to the lease and your 
landlord decides to remodel, rebuild, remove, or expand your salon location, you will need to 
inform us immediately, but no later than 10 days after your receipt of such notice.  If, under 
such circumstances, your landlord terminate the lease and does not offer you a space for a 
salon, you will be given the opportunity to end your Franchise Agreement without any fault or 
liability to you or us.  If, however, your landlord has allocated space for your salon, you may 
be given the opportunity to amend the term of the Franchise Agreement or to sign a new 
Franchise Agreement, at our discretion.   
 
In the instance that a Franchise Agreement have been executed by both you and us after 
a site has been confirmed but the term, commencement date, expiration date, salon square 
footage, and/or monthly amounts due has yet to be determined, a Franchise Commencement 
Agreement will need to be executed by you and us to memorialize such terms and conditions.  
 
For Wal-Mart locations: Wal-Mart is currently contemplating implementation of a monthly 
rent structure based on a percentage of a location’s monthly gross sales with a minimum base 
rent. If Wal-Mart implements this new percentage-based rent structure, we may elect to 
change the payment structure of the Monthly Fee and separate the monthly franchise fee, 
monthly base rent (which will have changed to a percentage-based rent), and rental tax as 
their own separate fees due. Subleasing a site from us for a Wal-Mart location may have 
additional costs imposed by Wal-Mart other than rent. Wal-Mart has reserved the right to 
charge utility reimbursement, key money, lease premises improvement charge, additional 
security deposit, and insurance reimbursement fee. Of the four, Wal-Mart has indicated its 
intentions to begin charging the insurance reimbursement fee for coverage of the leased 
premises’ structure in the event of fire damage. Wal-Mart has estimated that the coverage on 
average may be $0.10 per sq. ft., but may be more or less depending on the locale of the 
premises. See the 2009 MLA, Exhibit C-1, for more details.  Subleasing a site from us for a 
Wal-Mart location will require you to adhere and comply with Wal-Mart’s rules and regulations 
as if you were the tenant. This includes Wal-Mart’s Customer Satisfaction program, its strict 
loss prevention program, its performance covenant requirement—which if not met, Wal-Mart 
has reserved the right to terminate the Lease, and the requirement for a background check 
