Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC 
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
9 
 
 
E. 
Accounts and Notes Receivable 
 
Accounts receivable arise in the normal course of business and are stated at 
the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances.  Management 
provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit 
to a valuation allowance based on historical credit rates, considering risk categories, 
and projected future cash flows.  
 
 Balances still outstanding after management has used reasonable collection 
efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to 
accounts receivable. 
 
The balance in allowance for doubtful accounts (credit losses) was $361,213 
and $385,000 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.  The Company charges a nominal 
fixed fee for past due accounts. Trade receivables considered past due were $807,681 
and $883,800 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
Notes receivable are stated at cost, less an allowance for credit losses, based 
on management’s assessment of collectability.  The balance in the allowance for 
credit losses was $0 and $28,390 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
F. 
Property and Equipment 
 
Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over estimated 
useful lives using the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes.  
Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.  Expenses which significantly 
increase asset values or extend useful lives are capitalized. The estimated useful lives 
of the assets are as follows: 
 
Building and improvements
15-30 years
Equipment and furniture
3-7 years
Vehicles
3-7 years
 
 G. 
Intangible Assets 
 
 The Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 350 for intangible 
assets.  Intangible assets, consisting of franchisee agreements, and other individually 
acquired intangibles are recognized at cost and amortized over their useful life using 
the straight-line method over a period of 60 to 180 months.   
 
Useful lives are estimated based on historical experience with similar assets, 
taking into account anticipated technological or other changes.  The Company 
periodically reviews these lives relative to physical factors, economic factors, and 
industry trends.  Any resulting changes in useful lives are recognized as an increase 
or decrease in amortization expense in future periods. 
 
