 
Disclosure Document 
54 
Competition and Confidentiality Agreement (Refer to Ex. C of the Franchise Agreement).  The 
manager need not have an ownership interest in your corporation, LLC, or partnership 
franchisee.   
 
Each individual who owns an interest in the franchised entity must sign our Franchise 
Agreement, and our Non-Competition and Confidentiality Agreement, Ex. C to the Franchise 
Agreement.  They assume and agree to discharge all of the obligations of the “Franchisee” 
under the Franchise Agreement and duties of the franchise sub-lessee, under the Sublease 
Schedule to the Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISE MAY SELL 
You must purchase from us or from Alfalfa the Snow White Package and additional, 
replacement customized, or trade dress furniture, salon equipment, fixtures, and Regal Nails 
branded or other proprietary products. Except for those items listed above, we recommend, 
but do not currently require, you to use approved or designated suppliers or specific products 
in the operation of your salon. For Regal Nails branded products, or other proprietary products, 
we may require that you purchase such products in pre-set quantities from the designated 
supplier. We do not restrict the lines of nail products which you may sell, nor do we restrict 
your customers. Other products related to personal grooming and beauty may be sold but 
may be restricted by the lease or agreement to the premises of your location. You are free to 
set your own prices.  You may solicit customers from wherever you wish. 
You may sell products and perform services related to personal grooming and beauty, 
except as restricted by this and the following paragraphs:  
At a minimum you must sell products and perform services which relate to manicures 
and pedicures; in accordance with your state regulations, you must be able to provide and 
apply full sets of nails, provide refills, perform manicures and pedicures, remove polishes, 
repair broken nails, perform French and American manicures, apply various designs and 
appliqués to nails, provide pink and white nails, and perform other services we prescribe in 
the COM.  You may not perform any piercing or tattoo services or tanning by tanning bed.  
Any other goods or services shall be subject to the restrictions set by the landlord of the 
premises. You are required to comply with any restrictions or requirements as to services and 
products imposed by your lease or ECC, as applicable, pertaining to your salon premises may 
contain. “Credo” or other razor-type tools should not be present in your salon; as most states 
have banned the use of such tools. 
For Wal-Mart locations, you are only permitted to perform manicure, pedicure, and 
waxing services and sell related goods. You must have the requisite licenses from your state 
to perform these services.  We reserve the right to franchise or own and operate test locations 
that may perform additional services, such as hair care. 
You also have the opportunity to obtain the privilege to perform eyelash extension 
services. Only a very small number of franchisees will obtain the privilege of offering eyelash 
extension services due to Wal-Mart’s policies. Certain conditions must be met before you offer 
eyelash extension services and during the term in order for you to remain eligible for this 
privilege, including but not limited to proper licensing from the state, satisfactory completion 
of a training course, and full compliance with the Franchise Agreement and COM. These 
conditions are found in the COM. These conditions are subject to change and modification; 
such change will be communicated to franchisees in writing. If these conditions are not met 
and maintained, we may choose not to grant or may revoke these privileges. We may refuse 
