Landlord’s Right to Perform for Account of Tenant.
17.7
17.8
Cumulative Rights.
B.
17.9
Landlord’s Default.
A single or partial exercise of a right or remedy will not preclude
a further
exercise of that or another right or remedy.
41
Template
D.
If either party waives a breach of this Master Lease or a Default, that waiver does
not extend to or affect any other breach of this Master Lease or any other Default, nor
will it impair any right or remedy with respect thereto.
A.
If Tenant Defaults under this Master Lease, Landlord may cure the Default at any
time for the account of and at the expense of Tenant, and Tenant will reimburse Landlord
for any amount, including reasonable attorneys fees and interest, expended in connection
therewith.
A.
Landlord’s and Tenant’s rights and remedies set forth in this Master Lease are
cumulative and in addition to any other right and remedy now and hereafter available to
Landlord or Tenant by this Master Lease, at law or in equity.
Either party may exercise
its rights and remedies at any time, in any order, to any extent, and as often as such party
deems advisable.
C.
No action, inaction, delay, or omission by either party in exercising a right or
remedy exhausts or impairs the same or constitutes a waiver of, or acquiescence to, a
breach of this Master Lease or Default.
B.
If either party seeks enforcement of this Master Lease by litigation and prevails,
the non-prevailing party will reimburse the prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’
fees and disbursements reasonably incurred in connection with the litigation.
E.
Acceptance by Landlord of Rent after Landlord notifies Tenant of termination
does not waive Landlord’s right to terminate or pursue any other right and remedy
available to Landlord under this Master Lease, at law, or in equity.
A.
Landlord’s failure to perform any of its obligations under this Master Lease may
constitute a default of this Master Lease, in its entirety or as to the particular Leased
Premises affected
by Landlord’s failure to perform, if Tenant notifies Landlord,
in
writing, of Landlord’s failure to perform, and Landlord fails to cure the failure to perform
within at least thirty (30) days after Landlord receives Tenant’s notice, or such longer
period of time as may reasonably be necessary to cure the type of alleged breach under
the circumstances, provided that Landlord commences to cure within the initial thirty
C.
In addition to all other obligations under this Master Lease, Tenant shall pay
interest
to
Landlord,
at
the
maximum
lawful
rate,
on
the
amount
specified
in
Sections 17.7A and
17.7B, from the date Landlord incurs the expense until the day
reimbursed.
