 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A47  
this Franchise Agreement, we may declare the Franchise Agreement terminated and avail 
ourselves of all the rights and remedies hereunder or under any other agreement executed 
between us and/or seek such redress under the terms of any other agreement executed between 
us as we choose. Further, you are aware, and you agree and acknowledge that a default of any 
of terms of the lease to the premises, whether we are a party tenant or not a party tenant, not 
cured in accordance with the lease terms, constitutes a material event of default under this 
Franchise Agreement; and upon subsequent termination of the lease, we may declare this 
Franchise Agreement terminated.  
33. 
NON-COMPETITION COVENANTS 
A. You, any other owners of this franchise, and your principals, if you are a corporate entity, and 
your immediate family members (which include the parents, siblings, spouses, and children of 
individual franchisees and of the principals for a corporate entity franchisee), promise and agree 
that, except as otherwise approved in writing by us, you shall not during the term of this agreement 
or for a continuous period commencing upon the expiration, termination, or transfer of this 
agreement, regardless of the cause for termination, and continuing for a period of one year 
thereafter, either directly or indirectly, own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, advise, assist, 
solicit customers for, invest in, franchise, make loans to, participate in, or have any interest in any 
business, which is the same or substantially similar to the nail salon business and which is located 
within a radius of five miles of the territory as designated in Section 4, supra.  If all or any portion 
of the non-competition covenants set forth in this Section 33 are held unreasonable, void, vague 
or illegal by any court or agency with competent jurisdiction over the parties and subject matter, 
the court or agency is hereby empowered to revise and/or construe the covenants to fall within 
permissible legal limits, and should not by necessity invalidate the entire covenants. You 
expressly agree to be bound by any lesser covenants subsumed within the terms of this Section 
33 as if the resulting covenants were separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement.  
B. You promise and agree that this restrictive covenant shall be enforced by means of a 
preliminary injunction and temporary restraining order since monetary damages are inadequate 
to compensate us for damages it may suffer.  You agree that we may obtain these orders as set 
forth in Section 35.  
C. The parties agree that the purpose of this covenant is not to deprive you of a means of 
livelihood and will not do so.  It is to protect the goodwill and interest of us, our franchisees and 
the System.  
D. You acknowledge and agree that the Regal Nails, Salon & Spa system is unique and that we 
are making that knowledge, know-how and expertise available to you for the sole purpose of 
operating a Regal Nails, Salon & Spa Salon.  You agree that it would be an unfair method of 
competition for you to use or to duplicate or to allow others, including parents, subsidiaries, 
affiliates or others to use any of that knowledge, know how or expertise received from us for any 
use other than the operation of the franchised salon.  You warrant that during the term of this 
agreement, you will use your best and continuing efforts to promote and to develop the business 
of the salon and that you will not directly or indirectly engage in the operation of any nail salon, 
other than the franchised salon.  If you violate this provision, you agree that we may obtain a 
temporary or permanent injunction, without bond, as set forth in Section 35, prohibiting you from 
violating this provision and that we may obtain reasonable attorney’s fees.  
E. The time period limitations for the covenants in this Section 33 shall be tolled during any period 
of noncompliance.   
F. You agree that either we or the entity to which you sell your franchise to and their successors 
and assigns may enforce this provision as described in A through D above.  
