22
Template
Leased Premises.
In the event such termination occurs during the first five (5) years of
the Lease Term for the applicable Leased Premises, Landlord will reimburse Tenant for
the unamortized portion of the cost of Tenant’s initial Improvements to the particular
Leased Premises, calculated on a straight line depreciation basis over five years, not to
exceed $50,000 (the “Unamortized Improvement Costs”). Landlord will not be liable for
any other cost or expense of Tenant ceasing operations in the applicable Leased Premises.
Landlord and Tenant may mutually agree to enter into a new Attachment A for the new
location of the Store or any other Store.
If Landlord and Tenant enter into
a new
Attachment A for the new location of the Store or any other Store, Tenant will bear all
costs and expenses incurred in relocating to the new location of the Store or to any other
Store. Tenant will also repair, update, and upgrade all Trade Fixtures and Improvements
to the Leased Premises and ready the newly located Leased Premises to be open for
business to the public for the Store’s Grand Opening as required by this Master Lease.
Landlord must first approve all repairs, updates, and upgrades to the Leased Premises,
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.
(1)
In
connection
with
any
Store
Renovations,
Landlord
may
either
temporarily or permanently relocate Tenant to another location within the Store
that is of like size and configuration as the Leased Premises and is in a reasonable
condition from which Tenant may
operate if Landlord,
in
its commercially
reasonable judgment,
determines the
relocation
necessary to complete
Store
Renovations.
Landlord will bear the cost of moving Tenant’s Trade Fixtures in
the event of a temporary relocation, but Landlord is not responsible for any
expense associated with Tenant’s repairs, updates, and upgrades of the relocated
Leased
Premises,
whether the relocation
is temporary or permanent.
If the
relocation is of a permanent nature and Tenant reasonably determines that the new
location will materially impair its operations in the applicable Leased Premises or
is not of like size and configuration as the original Leased Premises, Tenant may
terminate this Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises by providing
written notice to Landlord. If the relocation is temporary and Tenant reasonably
determines that the new location of the Leased Premises will materially impair its
business or that the Store Renovations are materially impairing its operations in
the Leased Premises, Tenant may, with Landlord’s written consent, not to be
unreasonably
withheld,
conditioned
or
delayed,
close
the
applicable
Leased
Premises until Landlord and Tenant agree that the Store Renovations no longer
impair the operations of the applicable Leased Premises.
B.
Landlord,
from time to time,
may remodel,
re-arrange,
renovate, or expand
(collectively and individually “Store Renovations”) the Store, without relocating the
Store to another physical address.
During Store Renovations, Tenant will repair, update,
and upgrade the Trade Fixtures, the Improvements and the Leased Premises unless
Tenant repaired, updated, and upgraded the Trade Fixtures, the Improvements and the
Leased Premises within the three (3) consecutive preceding years.
All repairs, updates,
and upgrades Tenant contemplates must be previously approved by Landlord, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
