 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A16  
footage and/or the monthly amounts due have yet to be determined, a Franchise 
Commencement Agreement shall be executed by us and you upon learning of 
the salon square footage and/or the monthly amounts due. 
 
2. Annually, your CGL and PL and limited Property insurance premium and administrative 
fees, upon invoice, if obtained through us. Alternatively. If we permit so at our option, 
you may pay the premium in quarterly installments, subject to a $15 to $25 fee per 
installment. 
3.  Annually, if and when Wal-Mart implements the Insurance Reimbursement Fee, during 
such time as shall be determined by Wal-Mart. 
4.  Annually, any and all increases and averaged amounts, as determined by this 
Agreement to the Monthly Fee, and Monthly Utility Charges and/or CAM.  
5.  If we are a party tenant to the lease, annually (or as otherwise required under the 
terms of the applicable lease), any percentage rent required by the lease to the 
premises as set forth by the lease. 
6. Within 30 days or a less, any statement, invoice or billing of ours. 
B. You acknowledge and agree that communications with us is essential to this Agreement 
and franchise and, therefore, it is material to our ongoing relationship, and you agree, to 
maintain with us good and valid current contact phone number, email address, and mailing 
address in addition to the salon’s phone number and address. You further hereby expressly 
consent and agree to receive communications from us and our designated vendors, including 
through phone calls, texting, emailing, digital means, and/or regular mail and that such 
communications are relational in nature and are not spam. 
14. RELATIONSHIP/INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR 
The parties agree that: 
A. No relationship is created by this Agreement other than that of contractor - independent 
contractor. 
B. If we are party tenant to the lease, then you will also sublease the premises from us, 
creating nothing other than a landlord-tenant relationship. You are in control of the premises. 
C. This is not a fiduciary relationship or any other special or similar or special relationship 
(including partner, joint venture, joint-employer, agent, or, or employer-employee 
relationship), but is solely an arm’s length business relationship.   
D. We do not exercise day-to-day control over you and that you operate your own salon 
according to our system.   
E. You retain control over all personnel matters.  You hire, discipline, supervise, train, 
promote and fire your own employees, institute your own personnel policies, set your own 
prices, establish wages, set hours, benefits, employment policies and other terms and 
conditions of employment for your employees without consultation or approval of Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa, LLC. For Wal-Mart locations, you should note that Wal-Mart requires that a 
background check be performed on everyone working on their premises.  It is your 
responsibility to comply with this requirement and to perform such background checks on your 
employees and independent contractors. 
F. We impose no quotas. However, for Wal-Mart locations, you should be aware that Wal-
Mart has reserved the right to impose performance covenants on tenants operating within its 
