 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A45  
3. Assign, transfer, lease, sell or for any reason pass the supervision or control of the 
franchise to another without our written consent. 
4. Assign or donate our marks or system to a third party. 
5. Operate the salon in other than the territory designated in Section 4, supra. 
6. Are adjudicated bankrupt (unless prohibited by the United States Bankruptcy Code), 
become insolvent, if a receiver is appointed for you or your property, or any part thereof is 
appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction, or if you make a general assignment for 
the benefit of your creditors, if a final judgment against you remains unsatisfied or recorded 
for 60 days or longer (unless a supersede as bond is posted), if execution is levied against 
your business or property, or suit to foreclose any lien or mortgage is instituted and not 
dismissed with a 60 day period. 
7. Have your manicurist’s license or other professional license or that of your salon 
suspended, withdrawn, revoked, cancelled or terminated. 
8. Repeatedly default three times within a consecutive 12-month period, even if those 
defaults are cured within the prescribed time period. 
9. Institute procedures or services not authorized by us and this Agreement or those 
prohibited by the lease to the premises if we are a party tenant to the premises. 
10. Operate your salon without obtaining the Worker’s Compensation Insurance required by 
your state’s laws. 
11. Institute procedures not covered under existing policies of insurance. 
12. During the term of this franchise, participate in competing salon within a 5-mile radius of 
the franchised salon. 
13. Engage in lewd or lascivious conduct with your customers, employees, patrons of big box 
retail store in which we are a party tenant to the lease or others in the shopping center. 
14. For locations in which we are a party tenant to the lease, remove merchandise from the 
store sold by others without permission or proof of purchase. 
15. Make false representations or declarations to us. 
16. For locations in which we are a party tenant to the lease, breach the terms, conditions, or 
covenants of the lease. 
17. Are convicted of a misdemeanor punishable by more than one year in prison and related 
to the performance of this agreement 
18. Are convicted of any felony. 
19. Fail to cooperate with our quality assurance managers; deny him admission or refuse to 
submit to an inspection; sign the quality assurance manager’s   report or to pay fines 
imposed by the quality assurance manager’s. 
20. For Wal-Mart locations, fail, more than two times, within a period of 12 consecutive months 
to keep your salon open during the hours prescribed in the 2009 MLA. 
21. For Wal-Mart locations, allow more than two reports of unsatisfactory customer 
satisfaction to be reported to Wal-Mart within a period of 12 consecutive months. 
22. Commit three material events of default under this agreement within any 12 month period, 
whether or not such defaults are of the same or different nature and whether or not such 
defaults have been cured after notice.    
