 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A26  
and will communicate them to you in writing.  Inventory is herein defined as the consumable 
supplies you may use in providing the services or products that you may sell. 
E. 
Upon occupancy of your salon, you will make or cause to be made a thorough 
inspection thereof and will report or have reported any defects or deficiencies to us and obtain 
what is necessary for your salon, if anything. 
F. By executing this agreement, you agree that you did not purchase your salon based upon 
our recommendation. 
G. The salon has been built by others and not by us.  Should deficiencies or defects be found, 
you agree to look to them for redress.  You agree that you will look solely to them for any 
damages you suffer as a result of your acquisition of the salon. 
H. 
Should you report deficiencies or defects to us, we shall use our best efforts to 
assist you in your attempts to correct them but cannot guaranty the results.  We shall have no 
liability as a result of this service. 
I. 
If you submit new products to us for approval they will be accompanied by a written 
description of the attributes or qualities, which recommend them for inclusion in our product 
line. We will test them and report our findings to you. 
J. Should we discontinue a Regal brand or other proprietary product line, you must do so, 
too. 
K. You must purchase any designated merchant services solution and point of sale system 
that we may designate from our designated vendor. The data from your merchant services 
solution and point of sale system must be remotely accessible by Regal, the landlord (if 
applicable), and our designees and you agree not to terminate or block, whether directly or 
indirectly, any such access.  You must maintain your merchant services solution andpoint of 
sale system in good working order at all times. If you are a renewing franchisee, you must 
purchase the merchant services solution and point of sale system from our designated vendor. 
We reserve the right to require upgrades, modifications, and replacements to the merchant 
services solution and point of sale system and you agree to comply immediately on receipt of 
notice from us.  There is no contractual limitation on our right to require such upgrades, 
modifications, or replacements, nor on our access or use of the data received from your 
merchant services solution and point of sale system.  We further reserve the right to change 
our designated vendor for the merchante services solution and the point of sale system you 
are required to install and use in the operation of your salon.  
L. You must purchase, install, use, and maintain any applications, software, and related 
services that we require for use in connection with the operation of your salon, including any 
hardware required to use and operate the same, and you agree to enter into related 
agreements and pay any fees which may be required and due to any providers we designate 
for the same. We may designate providers from which you must purchase such applications, 
software, and/or services, as well as the related hardware. 
M. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining data or internet service so that we may 
access the designated merchant services solution and, applicable if purchased, the point of 
sale system. 
21. FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
You understand, acknowledge and agree that every detail of the franchised salon is important, 
not only to you, but also to us, our other franchisees, and the public.  We require these things 
in order to maintain high operational standards and to increase the demand for our goods and 
services, as well as those of every franchisee in our system.  We also require that you perform 
