FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT
!
1.
2.
3.
5.
(signatures on next page)
lof2
Fourth Amendment to the Master Lease Agreement
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Fourth Amendment to be
duly executed as of the date first above written.
WHEREAS, the parties are now desirous of making certain amendments, changes, and
alterations to the Lease in order to more accurately reflect their intents and wishes;
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Master Lease Agreement
dated March 6, 2009; that certain First Amendment dated April 18, 2009; that certain Second
Amendment dated May 5, 2009 and that certain Third Amendment dated November 2, 2009
(the “Lease"),
Except as expressly modified and amended by this Fourth Amendment, all other terms,
covenants, and conditions of the Lease shall continue and remain in full force and effect.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Fourth Amendment and the terms
of the Lease, the terms of this Fourth Amendment shall govern and control.
This Fourth Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of their
respective successors and assigns.
This Fourth Amendment may be executed in a number of counterparts, and each
counterpart signature, when taken with the other counterpart signatures, is treated as if
executed upon one original of this Fourth Amendment. A facsimile or digital signature of
any party to this Fourth Amendment is binding upon that party as if it were an original.
All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Fourth Amendment have the
same meaning as provided In the Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Landlord terminates the Master Lease in its entirety or
to a particular Leased Premises because Tenant Defaults, Tenant shall have thirty (30)
days to return the applicable Leased Premises to White-Box condition.
NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:
Section 17.3 Surrender at Termination or Expiration of the Master Lease Agreement is
amended by adding the following after subsection (B) and immediately preceding
Section 17.4:
This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO
THE
MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT (“Fourth
Amendment") is made and entered into this
day of August, 2013, by and between Wal-
Mart Stores East, LP, individually and only as to Stores owned, leased, or operated in AL, CT,
DC, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, ME, MD, MA. Ml, MS, MO, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, OH, OK , PA, Rl, SC,
TN, VT, VA, Wl, WV; Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., individually and only as to Stores owned or leased
in AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, IL, IA, KS, MN, MT, NE, NV, ND, OR, SD, UT, WA, WY; Wal-Mart
Louisiana, LLC, individually and only as to Stores owned or leased in Louisiana; Wal-Mart
Stores Texas, LLC, individually and only as to Stores owned or leased in Texas; and Wal-Mart
Stores Arkansas, LLC, individually and only as to Stores owned or leased in Arkansas (each
referred to as “Landlord”) and Regal Nails, Salon and Spa, LLC (“Tenant”).
