 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A7 
 
estimated that the cost on average will be about $0.10 per sq. ft. annually, but it may be more 
or less depending on the locale of the premises. Furthermore, Wal-Mart has indicated that it 
may charge key money for allowing additional services. If Wal-Mart charges any additional 
fees, you will be responsible for their payment; we will collect the amount from you and forward 
it to Wal-Mart. 
K. Sales and Use Taxes – You are responsible for any and all applicable sales and use taxes 
required by governmental entities to be collected by us on account of goods and/or services 
furnished to you. 
8. PERIODIC PAYMENTS DUE REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA 
A. During the first week of each month for that month, we will debit your account for the 
amount of your Monthly Fee and your System Advertising Contribution, if any, and applicable 
rental tax, and Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM. The amount we debit from your account 
will increase as the Monthly Fee and your System Advertising Contribution, if any, per the 
terms of this Agreement. If we are a party tenant to the lease, the amount we debit from your 
account will increase per the terms of the lease of the premises with respect to your applicable 
rental taxes and Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM.  If by the time that this Franchise 
Agreement is executed and the salon square footage and/or the monthly amounts due have 
yet to be determined, a Franchise Commencement Agreement shall be executed by us and 
you upon the determination of the salon square footage and/or the monthly amounts due.  
1. Monthly Fee – See Section 50 for the Monthly Fee. If we are party tenant to the lease 
for the premises, then the Monthly Fee includes the monthly franchise fee, base rent and 
rental tax and will begin on the Payment Commencement Date. 
2. Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM – Increase as set forth by the landlord. If we are 
party tenant to the lease, the amount we debit from you for the Applicable Rental Taxes 
and Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM will be listed in Section 50 and will begin to be 
charged as of the Payment Commencement Date. If we are not a party tenant to the lease, 
you will pay all amounts imposed under your lease directly to your landlord. The Monthly 
Utility Charge does not include any charges for telecommunication services, such as 
landline, internet access, and data; such telecommunication services are your 
responsibility, and if such such telecommunication services are offered through a landlord 
for premises that we are party tenant to, such telecommunication services and related 
charges shall be paid for by you in addition to the amounts due under this Agreement and 
paid in the manner and to the party required by us, the landlord, and/or the provider of 
such telecommunication services, as applicable.  
3. System Advertising Fund – If and when we notify you that we are instituting a System 
Advertising Fund, you agree to pay us a System Advertising Fund Contribution, which will 
range from $25-$500 per month at our option. The System Advertising Fund Contribution 
must be remitted on a periodic basis of our choosing, such as monthly, quarterly, semi-
annually, or annually. These System Advertising Fund Contributions will be expended as 
provided for in Section 26 B below. Annually, during the last week in January, we will 
debit your account for the amount of any applicable CGL and PL and limited Property 
insurance premium and administrative fees, which is due in February.   
B. Insurance Premium – To the extent we require that you purchase certain minimum required 
insurance through us, or we act as the agent for collection for the designated insurance 
provider, you will pay to us the amount of the related premium for a full year’s CGL and PL 
and limited property coverage is due in the month prior to that year’s insurance renewal, 
currently set at May 1 (subject to change), (“Insurance Program”). The premium is determined 
