17.2
17.3
B.
17.4
A.
Surrender at Termination or Expiration. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises, for whatever reason, Tenant shall
immediately remove all property, Trade Fixtures, and Improvements from the Leased
Premises, surrender and quit the Leased Premises and either:
In lieu of returning the Leased Premises to the condition described above, pay
Landlord eight thousand dollars ($8,000).
Landlord’s Right of Reentry. If Tenant fails to surrender the applicable Leased Premises
in accordance with this Article, Landlord,
its agents, employees, or representatives,
without prejudice to any right or remedy available to Landlord under this Master Lease,
at law, or in equity and subject to applicable law, may:
Re-enter and repossess the applicable Leased Premises and do one or more of the
following:
39
Template
Termination for Default.
Landlord may terminate this Master Lease, in its entirety or as
to a particular Leased Premises, without any liability, if Tenant Defaults, as defined in
Section 17.1 above, or elsewhere in this Master Lease, upon ten (10) days prior written
notice to Tenant.
However, Landlord may wait to terminate this Master Lease, in its
entirety or as to a particular Leased Premises, until after it re-lets the Leased Premises in
accordance with this Article, and in such event Tenant shall pay Landlord all sums due
Landlord under this Master Lease up through the date of such termination.
(2)
Re-let the Leased Premises, and if Landlord re-lets the Leased Premises
for Rent and other charges equal to or greater than the Rent and other charges for
which Tenant remains liable, Tenant will be released from further liability under
this Master Lease.
(3)
Use all or a portion of the Leased Premises, in which case the fair market
value of the applicable Leased Premises, or the portion of that Leased Premises
used, will
be used
in calculating Tenant’s liability described
in
Section 17.5
below.
If the fair market value equals or is greater than the Rent and other
charges for which Tenant remains liable, Tenant will be released from further
liability under this Master Lease.
G.
After the Rent Commencement Date, Tenant fails to open the applicable Leased
Premises according to the Hours of Operation designated in Appendix-1 more than two
(2) times in any twelve (12) month period without Landlord’s prior, written approval or
as otherwise allowed under this Master Lease.
(1)
Dispose of any property, Trade Fixtures, or Improvements remaining
therein.
A.
Return the Leased Premises to the reasonably same condition in which Tenant
received the Leased Premises on the Delivery Date, subject to normal wear and tear, or
