 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A6 
 
for the current term of this Agreement within 14 days’ notice. The Security Deposit is set to be 
returned to Franchisee after this Agreement expires and Franchisee meets all its obligations 
under this Agreement, if not applied toward a balance owed to us or damages suffered by us, 
including amounts paid by us for customer service complaints and gift certificate issues, but 
in no event will the Security Deposit be returned any earlier than 3 months after the franchise 
has expired. Under no circumstances if we a party tenant to the lease to the premises, shall 
it be returned until after Franchisee has vacated the premises and left the premises broom 
clean and white box condition and delivered possession of it and the COM to us.  Upon early 
termination of the Franchise Agreement for any reason, you forfeit your security deposit. If a 
Successor Franchise Agreement is signed between us and Franchisee, the Security Deposit 
will be retained and applied against that term’s Security Deposit; in the event that additional 
Security Deposit is required, Franchisee must remit such amount to us with the signing of a 
Successor Franchise Agreement.  
E. Pro-Rata Monthly Fee – You must pay to us the proportionate share of the Monthly Fee 
due for the time period between Payment Commencement Date and the first day of the 
following month. For locations where we are a party tenant, your Monthly Fee includes the 
monthly franchise fee, base rent and rental tax for the premises. 
F. Pro-Rata Commercial General Liability (CGL) and Professional Liability (PL) and limited 
Property Insurance Premium – We require that you purchase your CGL and PL and limited 
Property insurance through us. You must prepay the pro-rata cost of your annual insurance 
premium (which is computed by dividing the annual premium by 12 and multiplying the result 
by the number of months from the execution of the contract to the next renewal date of the 
insurance program for the system, which at this time May1, but subject to change).  The policy 
is described in Sect. 23, infra.  Annually, when we receive the statement for your insurance 
premium, we will debit your account, for the amount of that premium. The premiums range 
from $1,000 to $8,000 per year, depending upon the location of the salon and claims history. 
The premium shall be paid in one lump sum; however, at Regal’s option, we may permit you 
to pay the premium in installments as set forth by Regal for a $15 to $25 fee per installment. 
It is the underwriter’s sole discretion about which salon is determined to be one with a poor 
claims history, to be one in an area with a poor rating, to be one along the gulf coast, and 
subject to the higher premium. Should the premium increase, we will debit your account for 
the amount of that increase. In addition to paying the premium directly to us, you must also 
pay a $50 administrative fee to us for assistance in obtaining the policies and with claims. 
G. Optional Extras - You must pay for any optional extras you order from our affiliate Alfalfa 
at the Alfalfa catalogue price, less an applicable discount offered by Alfalfa to you. This 
amount will be remitted to Alfalfa if the balance of the extras has not already been paid directly 
by you to Alfalfa. 
H. Balance Owed - A statement will be given to you itemizing the credits to which you are 
entitled and setting forth that which is due. Payment is due, prior to your attendance at our 
training session. 
I. 
Refunds – Refunds of any amounts paid are set forth in Section 6.I. Other than those set 
forth in Section 6.I, there are no refunds under any other circumstances.  
J. Additional Wal-Mart Fees – For locations in Wal-Marts only, Wal-Mart has reserved the 
right to charge additional fees prior to opening: utility reimbursement, key money, lease 
premises improvement charge, additional security deposit, and an insurance reimbursement 
fee. Of the four, Wal-Mart has indicated that it intends to charge the insurance reimbursement 
fee.  The insurance reimbursement fee is reimbursement for insurance coverage that Wal-
Mart plans to obtain for fire coverage of the leased premises’ structure. Wal-Mart has 
