Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC 
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
8 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Summary of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 
 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa, LLC (the Company) and its subsidiaries.  The Company is a limited liability company, 
organized in the state of Nevada in 2005.  The following subsidiaries are included in the 
accompanying consolidated financial statements: 
 
Regal Nails, Canada, ULC, a wholly owned subsidiary, was organized in 2006 to sell 
franchises in Canada.   RNSDS, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary, was organized in 2014 and 
currently serves as sublessor on two franchisee leases.  RN Downtown, LLC, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary, was established in 2012 to operate a salon.  Lumigarnet of Miami, LLC, a partially-owned 
subsidiary, was organized in March 2013 to operate a salon in the state of Florida.  RGEU Limited, a 
partially-owned subsidiary, was organized in December 2018 and currently operates a salon in the 
United Kingdom.  RNS & GV MEX, S de RL de CV (“Regal Nails Mexico”) is a partially-owned 
subsidiary acquired in October 2019 and currently operates a salon in Mexico. 
 
 
A. 
Business Operations 
 
The Company franchises the right to open, operate, promote, arrange, and 
manage full-service nail care salons offering a full line of products and services in a 
territory.  Franchisees of the Company must operate their facilities from locations 
approved by the Company, the majority of which are sublet by the Company and are 
located in Wal-Mart stores and other major shopping centers. 
 
 
B. 
Principles of Consolidation 
 
The Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 810, “Consolidations”.  
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in 
consolidation. 
 
C. 
Basis of Accounting 
 
 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared on 
the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. 
 
D. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
For purposes of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers all 
cash-related items and highly liquid investments having a maturity of three months or 
less from date of acquisition as cash and cash equivalents. 
 
