IV.
V.
VI.
TAXES. HEB shall pay when due all real property taxes and assessments applicable to the Store,
including the Premises, and all other taxes imposed on HEB's business.
In the event Licensee pays any installment of Rent or any other sum by check and such check is
returned for insufficient funds or other reason not the fault of Licensor, then Licensee shall pay to
Licensor on demand a processing fee of fifty and no/100 ($50.00) per returned check.
In such
event, Licensor may require Licensee to submit all future payments in the form of Certified
Check or Money Order.
Licensee,
contemporaneously with the execution of this
License
Dollars,
HEB Grocery Company, LP
P.O. Box 839955
San Antonio, Texas 78283-3955
Attn: Shopping Center Development
2
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
LATE CHARGES.
In the event Licensee fails to pay to Licensor when due any installment of
rental or other sum be paid to Licensor which may become due hereunder more than one (1) time
per twelve month period. Licensee shall pay Licensor on demand a late charge ten percent (10%)
of the past due amount ("Late Fee”).
Licensor shall have the right to assess such Late Fee each
month on the past due balance.
Failure to pay such late charge upon demand therefore shall be
an event of default hereunder.
Provision for such late charge shall be in addition to all other
rights and remedies available to Licensor hereunder or at law or in equity and shall not be
construed as liquidated damages or limiting Licensor's remedies in any manner.
based on the rental rate ofB
due in advance on the first
term. Licensee shall pa1
s9uare foot per annum ("Rent”), which Rent is
lay of eacnmonth during the Term. During the optional five year
to HEB in equal monthly installments the amount of
~~
dollars per month,
based on the rental rate of
(
per square foot per annum ("Rent”), Rent payable for partial calendar months during the
Lease Term shall be prorated.
All payments shall be due in advance on the first day of each
calendar month during the Term, sent to:
SECURITY
DEPOSIT.
Agreement, has deposited with HEB the sum oi
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, to secure the faithful performance by the Licensee of
all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this License Agreement ("Security Deposit").
Licensee agrees that if Licensee shall fail to pay the Rent herein reserved or other charges due
hereunder promptly when due, said Security Deposit may, at the option of HEB, be applied on
any such sums due and unpaid, and if Licensee violates any of the other terms, covenants and
conditions of this License Agreement, said Security Deposit may be applied to any damages
suffered as a result of Licensee's default to the extent of the amount of the damages suffered.
Should any of the Security Deposit have to be used to pay sums due for any reason, and if this
License Agreement is kept in full force and effect at the option of HEB, Licensee shall reimburse
HEB the amount of such depletion, within five (5) days after notice to Licensee by HEB of such
depletion.
Within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the License Agreement Term, HEB shall
inspect the Leased Premises, to determine the condition of the Leased Premises.
It is understood
and agreed that HEB shall have the right to make such repairs to the Leased Premises as deemed
necessary,
and deduct such repair costs from the Security Deposit.
HEB shall return the
remainder of the Security Deposit to Licensee within thirty (30) days of the expiration or earlier
termination of the Term.
In the event Licensee terminates this License Agreement any time
between the
date
this
agreement
is
signed
by
both
parties
and six months following the
Commencement Date, Licensee shall forfeit Security Deposit as a termination fee to HEB.
