 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A17  
premises; if the performance covenants are not met for a location, Wal-Mart has reserved 
the right to terminate the contract without further liability to itself and to us. 
G. There are no minimum purchases required.  Your purchases from us do not require sales 
at a minimum or maximum price. 
H. You are solely responsible for your pricing policies.   
I. 
Nothing contained herein authorizes or empowers you to obligate us in any way.   
J.  You are solely responsible for your actions and your inactions and that they are beyond 
our control.   
K. You agree that we set standards for you to achieve, but how you do so is your sole 
responsibility.  
L. In all public records and in your relationship with third parties, including but not limited to, 
stationery, signage, business forms, checks, and tax returns, you shall indicate independent 
ownership of the franchised salon and that it is operated under a franchise granted by Regal 
Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC. 
M. As an independent contractor, you will guarantee customer satisfaction in accordance with 
the policies and procedures Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC, and if applicable, that of the 
landlord if we are a party tenant to the lease. 
N. You maintain your own bank accounts and financial records. 
O. Except for furniture, fixtures, equipment, décor, and REGAL or REGAL NAILS branded 
and/or our proprietary products, you may make your own purchases from whomever you wish, 
on your own terms, control your expenditures and pay for your purchases from your account. 
In addition, you are responsible for your salon’s use of such purchases as intended and 
directed by the manufacturer, expressly including but not limited to acetone, alcohol, callus 
removers, and other chemicals. 
P. You file and pay your own taxes. 
Q.  You obtain your own licenses. 
R.  You will always identify yourself as a Regal Nails Salon & Spa franchisee.  
S. Our standards are employed to ensure quality, standardization, uniformity and compliance 
with the Lanham Act.  You control their day-to-day application. 
T. You are solely responsible for your employees’ training, safety and security. This 
includes training on services and product knowledge.  
U.  You are solely responsible for compliance with all state local and federal laws. 
V.  You are the sole owner of your franchise. 
W. Your salon is in a location that you selected.  
X. When repairs must be performed, you select your own contractors and set your own terms 
and conditions.  
Y.  You are solely responsible for payments to your contractors, employees, suppliers and 
tenants. 
Z.  Our operations are not interrelated. 
AA. We do not share common management. 
