E.
F.
G.
H.
I.
Cumulative Remedies.
No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed exclusive, but
shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all other remedies at law or in equity.
Holding Over.
If Licensee does not immediately surrender possession of the Premises
upon expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this License Agreement, Licensee at
the option of HEB shall thereafter become a licensee from month-to-month at a monthly
rental equal to 150% of the sum of the monthly Rent, subject to all other conditions,
provision and obligations of this License Agreement insofar as they are applicable to a
month-to-month tenancy, and License shall indemnify
HEB against loss or liability
resulting from Licensee's delay in surrendering the Premises, including without limitation
any claims made be any succeeding licensee based on such delay.
11
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center DevelopmentMnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Commission.
Licensee shall indemnify and hold HEB harmless against any commission,
payment, interest or participation claimed on account of this lease agreement under any
alleged agreement or understanding entered into between Licensee or Licensee's agent or
representation with the person or entity claiming the commission, payment, interest or
participation.
No Liens.
Licensee shall, at all times, promptly pay for all work performed in the
Premises or under this License Agreement and shall indemnify, defend and hold free and
harmless Licensor and the Store, all other property of Licensor and its Affiliates, and
each of them, from and against any claim, lien, tax lien or levy, attachment, garnishment,
encumbrance, litigation or judgment, arising directly or indirectly from any obligation,
action or inaction of Licensee, which obligations shall survive the expiration of the Term
or earlier termination of this License Agreement.
Licensee shall have ten (10) days from
the filing for record of any lien or tax lien purporting to affect Licensor’s property within
Surrender.
Upon the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this License
Agreement, Licensee shall surrender the Premises to HEB.
If Licensee is not then in
default under this License Agreement, Licensee shall remove all trade fixtures, inventory,
stock-in-trade, furniture and other personal property which are not fixtures ("Licensee's
Property") installed by Licensee. All other installations or improvements made by either
party shall be and become upon installation HEB's property and shall be surrendered with
the Premises at the expiration or termination of this License Agreement unless HEB
notifies Licensee to the contrary, in which event Licensee shall remove such property at
its expense.
Whether or not Licensee is then in default, Licensee shall remove at its
expense any of Licensee's Property specified to be removed in a notice by HEB to
Licensee.
HEB hereby waives any and all statutory and contractual landlord, licensor, or
similar
liens that
it
may
have against any
property
of
Licensee situated
within
the
Premises
(collectively,
the
"Licensee
Property").
Notwithstanding
the
foregoing,
any Licensee Property not removed upon termination of the License Agreement or upon
Licensee's cessation of business in the Premises for three (3) consecutive days, may be
removed by HEB from the Premises and stored by HEB either at the Store or at an offsite
location, as HEB deems appropriate.
In the event the Licensee Property is stored at the
Store, Licensee shall pay to HEB a storage fee ("Storage Fee") of $100 per day.
In the
event the Licensee Property is stored at an offsite location, Licensee shall reimburse HEB
the
actual
storage
and
moving
cost
plus
a
Storage
Fee
of
$50/day.
If
the Licensee Property has not been reclaimed by Licensee within ten (10) days, or if
Licensee fails to pay the Storage Fee, the Licensee Property shall be deemed abandoned,
and HEB shall have the right to dispose of the Licensee Property and retain any proceeds
received from such disposition.
