 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A27  
the duties set forth below to protect our reputation and goodwill.  Even though you need not 
actively participate in the day-to-day conduct of the business, you agree and acknowledge 
that you will: 
 
 
A. Pre-Grand Opening Duties for Your Salon: 
1. Train your employees in the Regal Nails Salon & Spa system and the procedures set forth 
in the Confidential Operations Manual after you and your manager have completed the 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa training course. For Wal-Mart locations, Wal-Mart imposes a 
requirement that a background check be performed on all persons working on its 
premises; it is your responsibility to perform these background checks. 
2. Provide for and maintain a listed telephone number under the name Regal Nails Salon & 
Spa, used solely to transact the business of the salon and shall list the Regal Nails Salon 
& Spa salon and the appropriate telephone number in the telephone and other directories 
including the alphabetical white pages section and the yellow pages section, as we may 
direct.  The telephone shall be answered 24 hours per day, either personally or 
electronically.  Should any change occur, you shall immediately inform us in writing of any 
change of its address, telephone number or e-mail address as well as the manager of the 
shopping center.  For Wal-Mart locations, Wal-Mart must approve the make & model of 
any cordless telephone.  
3. Receive such training as we may require and to that end, agree to attend and cause your 
manager to attend training as described in Section 19 and agree that failure to attend shall 
result in forfeitures of all sums paid, termination of or refusal to extend the franchise. 
4. At our discretion, you must rent a post office box for the delivery of your Regal Nails Salon 
& Spa mail. 
5. You must inform us of any applicable deadlines that we need to forward to the contractor 
for your location as soon as possible and no later than two months prior to such deadlines; 
we do not guarantee that the contractor will complete its job according to the deadlines.   
6. You must provide us with access to the site, during the construction process and at 
reasonable times. We, at our own expense, have the right to inspect the salon during its 
construction. We assume no duty to look for any deviation from the Construction 
Standards or to call them to your attention. If we find any deviation from the construction 
standards we need not call them to your attention or the attention of any other. If we 
observe a deviation and call it to your attention concerning it, no duty is created for us to 
find, observe or report any other deviations to you or to third persons. We assume no 
duty to review, inspect or approve the construction with respect to Construction 
Standards, construction means, methods or techniques or compliance with legal 
requirements. Our inspections, reviews or approvals are solely for the purpose of 
determining compliance with our design standards, operational standards, trade dress, 
presentation of the marks, the progress of construction and the grand opening date. Our 
approval is permissive only and is not an assurance or warranty that: (1) the salon has 
been constructed in accordance with Construction standards, (2) concerning the 
qualifications or capabilities, suitability adequacy of performance or of any person or entity 
involved in the construction, (3) that all or any part of the construction is safe, suitable, fit 
or proper  for its intended use or purpose; or (4) that the construction has been performed 
in a neat or workman like manner or in compliance with Legal Requirements; as 
compliance with these matters is your sole responsibility. This applies, even though we 
may have commented on some or all of these matters in connection with you or any third 
party concerning the construction, your activities or third parties, including any liability 
