 
Disclosure Document 
8 
special price from Alfalfa Nail Supply, Inc.; provided, however that Regal Nails branded 
products may not be included in any list of excluded polishes. Participating franchisees may 
also be eligible to receive special products and services from the polish manufacturer. 
Note 5: Additional Governmental, Municipal, or Impact Fees are imposed by certain 
governmental authorities for either the construction of the salon or the right to do business in 
that jurisdiction. These additional fees are outside of our control and vary from jurisdiction to 
jurisdiction. You are responsible for paying these fees, and any subsequent increases to these 
fees, to us as we are responsible for paying them to governmental authorities, as applicable. 
Applicable to all locations. 
Note 6: Additional Construction Costs are unanticipated increases in costs as a result of 
construction. Increases may be due to, but not limited to, an increase in governmental 
requirements, labor demands, scope of work, and/or supply shortage. You may also see 
increases as a result of your request for additional items, such as rooms or plumbing, not 
normally found in a typical Regal Nails salon. These additional costs are outside of our control 
and vary from project to project. You are responsible for paying these fees, and any 
subsequent increases to these fees, to us as we are responsible for paying them to building 
contractors, as applicable. Applicable to all locations. 
Note 7: Additional Review Costs are imposed when the landlord for a premises that we are 
tenant to requires an additional review of the architectural plans of the salon by its selected 
vendor. These additional costs are outside of our control and vary depending on the landlord 
and the location of the salon. You are responsible for paying these fees and subsequent costs 
to us as we are responsible to such landlord to pay for such costs. Applicable to all locations.  
B. Salons that are delivered after 2025: 
1. There is an annual increase of 8% over the price for the Snow White Package shown 
above for salons that are delivered and open after 2025.  
2. If, through no fault of yours, the Grand Opening is delayed not more than six months, 
pushing the Grand Opening Date of your salon into the next succeeding year, the price of 
your salon will not be increased. 
3. The Monthly Fee. may be increased by 25%.  
C. Refunds: 
 
1. If we are a party tenant to the lease for your premises: 
 
 
a. If we are unable to obtain confirmation of the site because the landlord declines 
our offer or we receive communications from the landlord conveying that the premises is 
unavailable, you may request a refund of the entire Initial Franchise Fee.  
 
 
b. If you renege or otherwise withdraw after making a request for a site but before 
the landlord confirms your requested site, you may request a refund of your Initial Franchise 
Fee less $15,000.00.  
 
 
c. If you request a site and site has been confirmed by the landlord, you will be 
required to pay $45,000.00 Confirmation Fee within 10 days of notice. If you fail to pay the full 
Confirmation Fee within the 10-day period, you forfeit the entire Initial Franchise Fee. There 
will be no refund. 
 
 
d. If you have paid both the Initial Franchise Fee and the Confirmation Fee, but 
subsequently renege or threaten to renege or in any other way communicate to us your intent 
to renege on your remaining obligations under the Franchise Agreement, then your Franchise 
Agreement may be terminated by us without liability to us upon notice to you. There will be no 
