 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A29  
a. You must comply with all state rules and regulations, including but not 
limited to obtaining the proper licenses to perform eyelash extension 
services. 
b. You must not permit your technicians to perform eyelash extension 
services unless they are properly licensed to perform such eyelash 
extension services and have attended and completed an eyelash extension 
training course. A certificate of completion of such course must be provided 
to us. 
c. Wal-Mart must allow eyelash extension services for your salon, and we 
must permit you to perform these services. 
d. You must sign an additional amendment/agreement with us to permit you 
to perform eyelash extension services. 
e. Eyelash extensions must be used as instructed by the manufacturer. For 
example, disposable items are for one time use only. You are responsible 
for complying with manufacturer’s instructions. 
f. 
You must maintain a clean salon to our satisfaction. 
g. You must remain in compliance with our franchise system. 
h. You must pay all debts, including but not limited to past inspection fines, 
owed to us and our affiliates within 30 days of receipt of invoice.  
i. 
After one-time use, you must properly dispose of all non-reusable, 
disposable salon products, including but not limited to disposable buffers, 
files, autoclave pouches, liners, sanding bands, pumi-bars, and toe 
separators. 
j. 
If we designate a chair where all eyelash extensions must be performed, 
the chair must be used for such purpose by you and you must purchase 
such chair from Alfalfa Nail Supply, Inc. 
k. You are responsible for obtaining the necessary additional insurance 
coverage for this service with such limits as those in the current CGL and 
PL insurance policies obtained through us and naming us and our 
indemnitees as additional insureds. 
If these conditions are not met and maintained, we, at our sole discretion, may 
choose not to grant or may revoke these privileges. We, at our sole discretion, may 
reinstate or may refuse to reinstate these privileges after they have been revoked. 
These privileges are non-transferable; if you choose to at a later date transfer your 
salons, your buyer may not perform these services until conditions are satisfied 
and we approve. 
9. Continuously maintain, throughout the term of this contract, in full force and effect the 
insurance required as described in Section 23, infra and the 2009 MLA, and any other 
insurance required by local or state law, such as worker’s compensation and or employer’s 
liability insurance.  For Wal-Mart locations, Wal-Mart requires worker’s compensation and 
employer’s liability insurance.  
10. Immediately upon notification, assign any name, which per chance, through error, 
inadvertence, or mistake, inadvertently uses the marks, Regal, Regal Nails Salon & Spa 
or Regal Nails as part of the name of your legal entity.  If, by some means, you somehow 
