2 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and 
therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.  Misstatements are considered material if there 
is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a 
reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
 
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: 
 
 
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures 
include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements. 
 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC’s internal control. Accordingly, no 
such opinion is expressed. 
 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, 
that raise substantial doubt about Regal Nails, Salon & Spa LLC’s ability to continue as a going 
concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that 
we identified during the audit. 
 
Disclaimer of Opinion on Supplemental Information 
 
Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
as a whole.  The supplemental information, consisting of the consolidated schedules of revenues, operating 
expenses and non-operating income (expenses) for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which is the 
responsibility of management, is presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the 
consolidated financial statements.  Such information  has not been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in 
the audit of the financial statements, and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or provide any assurance on 
it.   
 
 
 
Kolder, Slaven & Company, LLC 
Certified Public Accountants 
 
Lafayette, Louisiana 
March 26, 2024 
