 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A57  
 
Sublease Schedule to Franchise Agreement  
Additional Sublease Terms, Conditions, and Obligations of Franchisee under Franchise 
Agreement 
1. Applicability 
This Sublease Schedule is only applicable if we are a party tenant to the lease of the 
premises. If we are, then, as Franchisee, you agree to abide by and be legal bound to the 
terms, conditions and obligations of this Sublease Schedule, which is incorporated into 
and hereby made a part of the Franchise Agreement.  
2. Subject to a Master Lease Agreement with Landlord 
Franchisee acknowledges that Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC has entered into a Master 
Lease Agreement with the Landlord for the premises indicated at the address listed in 
Section 50 of the Franchise Agreement, granting us the right to operate a nail salon at the 
premises and the right to grant a sublease to our designated franchisee(s) to operate a 
nail salon at the premises. This sublease is granted to Franchisee for the premises 
pursuant to the Master Lease Agreement, a copy of which has been provided to 
Franchisee, who acknowledges receipt and possession of said copy. Franchisee hereby 
assumes and be legally bound by the duties and obligations set forth in the Master Lease 
Agreement and all its attachments and addendums executed between us and Landlord, 
as though Franchisee were an original party to the Master Lease Agreement and all its 
attachments and addendums. Where there is a conflict between this Franchise Agreement 
and the Master Lease Agreement, the latter shall control; provided that the dispute 
resolution provisions of the Franchise Agreement between us and Franchisee (Sections 
35-37, 41 and 42) shall govern any disputes or claims by and between Franchisor and 
Franchisee, except for any Lease-related matters or claims in which the Landlord is 
involved as a party.  
3. Permitted Use of the Premises 
The premises are to be used solely for a nail salon to perform at the very least manicures 
and pedicures and other services authorized by the Master Lease Agreement and all its 
attachments and addendums. In addition to these services, Franchisee is permitted to sell 
nail care products and products associated with other services authorized by the Master 
Lease Agreement and all its attachments and addendums. No other services or products 
are permitted. 
4. Monthly Base Rent and Applicable Rental Tax and other Charges  
The monthly base rent and any applicable rental tax are included in the Monthly Fee. 
Rental tax is subject to any increase by the applicable governmental authority. You are 
responsible for the increase upon notice by us. Additionally we have the right to unilaterally 
change the monthly payment structure by separating the monthly base rent and rental tax 
from the Monthly Fee, in the event that the Landlord moves to a percentage-based 
monthly rent. If the Landlord charges us a Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, which 
includes the CAM, property insurance and property taxes for the premises in the Master 
Lease Agreement and all its attachments and addendums, you are responsible for 
payment of the Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM and all increases to them. The Monthly 
Utility Charge and/or CAM are listed in Section 50 of the Franchise Agreement. 
5. Security Deposit 
See Section 7.D. of the Franchise Agreement of which this Sublease Schedule is a part. 
