 
Disclosure Document 
31 
 
Renewing franchisees who we already approved to provide eyelash extension services 
may, as long as the prerequisites for providing such services are still met and continue to be 
met, continue to provide eyelash extension services under their renewal Franchise 
Agreement, so long as it is permitted by the landlord. Any right granted to provide eyelash 
extension services is not transferable. Such renewing franchisees may purchase approved 
eyelash extension materials and supplies from any supplier (Alfalfa does not currently offer 
eyelash extension materials and supplies). New franchisees, or renewing franchisees who 
have not previously offered eyelash extension services, will not be permitted to perform such 
services. 
 
All single use, expendable supplies, such as buffers, files, pumi-stones, liners, toe 
separators, autoclave bags, slippers, liners, etc., are designed to be used only one time and 
should not be re-used on another customer. These items are disposable and should be 
disposed of after their first use as intended.  Single use helps to prevent staph and similar 
infections. These items may be purchased from any vendor. 
 
You are solely responsible for maintaining the salon premises, fixtures, and equipment 
keeping them in good repair and “as new,” condition.  You must maintain an adequate 
inventory and supplies after opening, and all according to the COM and our standards and 
specifications.  You should use an EPA and Hospital Grade sterilizer to clean your pedi-spas. 
You agree to not use Credo or other razor-type tools in your salon.  An FDA-approved 
autoclave to sterilize your instruments is provided as part of your initial setup and highly 
recommended to use if permitted by your state as a sterilization method in addition to methods 
required by your state.  
 
For locations where we are a party tenant to the lease to the premises, you must employ 
qualified contractors to do repairs, remodeling or other work in your salon. You are responsible 
for the quality of the work performed, its timely performance, and payment of your contractors.  
All contractors must be properly licensed and have workers comp coverage required by state 
law.   
 
You must purchase your CGL and PL insurance coverage through us from our approved 
agent and carrier (“Insurance Program”). You will grant us a limited power of attorney to 
obtain, maintain, and/or cancel such insurance coverage and execute all documents 
necessary granting us such rights. Not all risks are covered and if desired or required by the 
state, these additional coverages must be obtained by you and not through us. We reserve 
the right, however, to discontinue or modify the Insurance Program on written notice to you.  
In the event we do discontinue or modify the Insurance Program, you will still be required to 
obtain and maintain the minimum required insurance coverage. The insurance must be 
underwritten by insurers licensed and admitted to write coverage in the state in which your 
salon is located and with a rating of “A+” or better.  The insurance policy or policies must 
protect you, us, and our affiliates, and our and our affiliates’ respective, past, present, and 
future officers, directors, owners, members, managers, employees, consultants, attorneys, 
and agents against any loss, liability, personal injury, death, property damage, or expense 
whatsoever arising out of or occurring upon or in connection with the condition, operation, 
management, use, or occupancy of your salon as well as any vehicles used in connection 
with the franchise.  
 
Currently, the specific insurance coverages we require include a CGL and PL with the 
liability limits described in this paragraph; the CGL and PL insurance will be obtained through 
us by an approved agent and insurer and is the primary policy for your salon.  The CGL policy 
will have liability limits at a minimum $2,000,000 each occurrence, with at least $4,000,000 of 
