 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A9 
 
2. Are the sole owner of the stylized mark “Regal Nails Salon & Spa” (registered under 
number 3,270,108 on the Principal Register of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on 
July 24, 2007 and are the sole owner of the standard character mark “Regal Nails Salon 
& Spa” (applied for on July 12, 2006 and registered under number 3,329,407 on the 
Principal Register with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on November 6, 2007). 
3. Have been assigned by Regal Nails, LLC and, as of April 1, 2008, is the sole owner of 
the “Regal Nails” standard character mark (on the Principal Register under number 
3,311,350), and the “Regal Nails” typed drawing mark (on the Supplemental Register 
under the number 2,443,591). 
4. Registered the mark, Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, with the Louisiana Secretary of State 
on December 22, 2005. 
5. Will permit you and our other franchisees to use the above marks, as long as they are 
used in accordance with our instructions, comply with the system and do not detract 
from the goodwill or excellent reputation associated with our mark. 
6. Will defend your use of the marks and other challenges to it, as set forth in Section 10. 
7. Shall reimburse you your tangible, reasonable and necessary costs of compliance 
should we modify or discontinue use of the mark. 
8. Are the sole and exclusive owner of the names, logos and designs ”Regal”, “Regal Nails 
Salon & Spa“, “Regal Nails”, its derivatives, any commercial symbols and copyrights 
related thereto and all goodwill associated with our business, all of which are collectively 
referred to as the “marks” and all goodwill now or hereafter associated with them. 
9. Are the owner of the domain name “www.regalnails.com.” 
B. You acknowledge, agree, warrant and represent that: 
1. Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC is the owner of the marks, logos and designs, “Regal 
Nails, Salon & Spa”, “Regal Nails”, “Regal”, its derivatives, commercial symbols and 
copyrights related thereto and all goodwill associated with them; and by executing this 
Franchise Agreement, you are not acquiring and will not acquire any ownership rights 
to any of the foregoing. 
 
 
2. You have and shall have no grounds to attack our registration of the marks on either the 
primary or supplemental register or our ownership of it. 
3. You shall use the marks only for the duration of this Franchise Agreement and not 
thereafter, that while using it, you shall not use the mark in any manner, which injures 
or causes harm to Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC, its goodwill, or that of its other 
franchisees. 
4. You shall hold us harmless from any and all liability, loss, cost or damage, including 
attorney’s fees, we may suffer as a result of claims, demands or judgments arising from 
(a) your abuse, appropriation, or misuse of any mark of ours, (b) your performance or 
non-performance of this agreement, and (c) your failure to cease use of any Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa mark when required or otherwise requested to do so. 
5. You shall submit any website or other publication containing our marks to us for 
approval, prior to instituting it. 
6. You shall promptly notify us in the event that any action is instituted or threatened against 
you and cooperate fully in the defense of such action. 
7. Our other franchisees may use the mark(s) subject to the terms of their respective 
