J.
K.
L.
M.
N.
O.
P.
Q.
which to obtain the release and discharge or to obtain a bond in the amount of the lien
thereof at the sole cost and expense of Licensee.
Successors and Assigns.
The terms, provisions, covenants and conditions contained in
this Agreement shall apply to, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors, administrators,
legal
representatives,
successors and permitted
assigns of
Licensor and Licensee, respectively.
Effective Date.
The Effective Date of this License Agreement shall be the last date that
the License Agreement has been signed by both Licensor and Licensee.
Solicitation.
Licensee
agrees
it
will
not
solicit or
distribute
literature to
Licensor
customers or HEB partners in the Store, the common areas of the Store or on any HEB
leased or owned premises subject to the following provisions: (a) notwithstanding the
above requirement, Licensee may promote those services that are directly related to
Licensor’s operations if they are promoted and provided to HEB customers
at the
location(s) where Licensee is leasing space from Licensor, subject to the approval of the
Store manager; (b) Licensee agrees that it will not solicit HEB Partners at any time; (c)
there will be no leafleting or distribution of flyers by Licensee at any time at the Store or
any HEB location and (d) Licensee further agrees that it will not grant permission for
third parties to solicit or distribute literature at the Store or on any HEB leased or owned
premises, and will forward all such inquires to the store manager.
Time of the Essence.
Time is of the essence with respect to each provision, term and
covenant of this License Agreement.
Attomeys’s Fees.
If any action or proceeding is necessary to enforce the provisions of
this License Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to reasonable attorney's fees,
costs, and necessary disbursements, in addition to any other relief to which it may
otherwise be entitled.
Confidentiality. Licensee agrees that except as may be required by law, it shall not.
without the prior written consent of HEB, make any public announcement about any of
the terms, conditions, or provisions of this License Agreement, or modifications thereof,
including without limitation, the Rent.
Licensee shall not transmit any of the information
contained in this agreement to any third party except Licensee's counsel, consultants,
actual or prospective lenders and purchasers, and other advisors engaged to help Licensee
or such lenders or purchasers in connection with the License Agreement pursuant to the
License Agreement and/or any financing or refinancing for Licensee (collectively, the
Waiver of Statutory
Lien.
HEB
hereby waives any
existing or hereinafter enacted
statutory lien on Tenant's personal property located on or about the Premises.
12
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Applicable Law. Venue. Construction.
The laws of the state of Texas shall govern the
validity, performance and enforcement of this License Agreement.
Venue shall be in
Bexar County,
Texas
for
purposes of this
License Agreement.
The invalidity
or
unenforceability of any provision of this License Agreement shall not affect or impair
any other provision.
If any provision of this License Agreement is capable of two
constructions, one of which would render the provision invalid and the other of which
would make the provision valid, the provision shall have the meaning which renders it
valid.
