 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A65  
Franchise Fee less $15,000. 
c. If you request a site and site has been confirmed by the landlord, you will be 
required to pay $45,000.00 Confirmation Fee within 10 days of notice. If you fail to 
pay the full Confirmation Fee within the 10-day period, you forfeit the entire Initial 
Franchise Fee. There will be no refund.  
d. If you have paid both the Initial Franchise Fee and the Confirmation Fee, but 
subsequently renege or threaten to renege or in any other way communicate to 
us your intent to renege on your remaining obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement, then this Franchise Agreement may be terminated by us without 
liability to us upon notice to you. Should we exercise our right to terminate as 
stated in this Section 6.d, there will be no refund of any amounts paid to us.   
 
7.  
Upon the occurrence of any of the events, described in 6 a. through c., above, you 
agree that all documentation may be voided, cancelled and of no effect. Our relationship will be 
mutually terminated upon your receipt of our refunds or ten days following receipt of our notice of 
the Confirmation Fee due, if not paid. You will have no further opportunity to cure and we will have 
no liability to you. You will no longer have any rights under the Site Deposit Addendum, the 
Franchise Agreement and related contracts. 
8.  
There are no refunds under any circumstances not listed in Section 6.   
9.  
To obtain a refund, we must receive your written request before we have made an 
offer to the Landlord for either a General Vicinity site or an Existing Location site or within 60 days 
of being advised that Landlord is unable to grant us either a General Vicinity Site or an Existing 
Location. 
10. 
You acknowledge that when you and we identify the General Vicinity or an Existing 
Location, it is not an assurance or guaranty to you of the availability, suitability or success of that 
location or area, and does not create a liability for us. You further acknowledge that we do not 
select or control the selection of sites by the Landlord.  You agree that we have no liability with 
respect to the selection of the General Vicinity or territory / salon location or Existing Location.   
11. 
This Addendum is incorporated into and made a part of the Franchise Agreement.  
Those parts of your Franchise Agreement(s) which are not inconsistent with this Addendum will 
remain in full force and effect.  If there is any inconsistency or conflict between this Addendum 
and the Franchise Agreement, this Addendum will control.   
12. 
You and we agree that this Addendum contains the final, complete and exclusive 
expression of the terms of your and our agreement regarding the General Vicinity, Existing 
Locations and Site Deposit and supersedes all other agreements and/or representations of any 
kind or nature with respect thereto.  Any understandings, agreements, representations, or 
otherwise (whether oral or written) which are not fully expressed in this Addendum, the Franchise 
Agreement and related agreements are expressly disclaimed by you and us.  You specifically 
acknowledge that you have not received or relied on, nor have we or anyone else provided, any 
statements, promises or representations that you will succeed in the franchised business or at 
any location; achieve any particular sales, income or other levels of performance as a result of 
signing this Addendum or otherwise; earn any particular amount, including any amount in excess 
of your initial franchise fee or other payments to us; or receive any rights, goods, or services not 
expressly set forth in this Addendum and Franchise Agreement.   
THIS ADDENDUM WILL NOT BE EFFECTIVE UNTIL SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED OFFICER 
OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC. 
