 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A43  
and to which our rights and duties hereunder, in whole or in part, are assigned or transferred. 
31. 
REASONS FOR TERMINATION 
A. General.  We have the right to terminate this Agreement, for good cause.  The lists below are 
the reasons for termination and give us good cause.  They are referred to as events of default.  
These lists are in addition to other rights and remedies afforded to us by this Agreement.  Minor 
events of default of this agreement are curable defaults.  Curable events of default may be cured 
by prompt action on your part.  You will be advised of what corrective action you must take in the 
notice of default.  Non-curable defaults result in the immediate termination of your franchise upon 
your receipt of notice from us.  
B. Curable Defaults.  If you do nothing, curable defaults are grounds for termination.  You will be 
notified of your default and given fourteen days, subject to local law, to cure that default.  Curable 
events of default are events where you do one or more of the following: 
1.  Unwittingly abuse, disabuse, attempt to assign or to donate, assign or donate our mark or 
system to another. 
2.  Operate the salon in such a manner as to detract from or to cause harm to our good name 
and goodwill or its relationship with the prime lessor or with the public. For example, 
reusing single use, disposable items, such as buffers, files, autoclave pouches, liners, 
sanding bands, pumi bars, and toe separators. 
3. Default on the timely payment of any Monthly Fee, insurance premium, or other amounts 
due us as set forth in Section 8 A. and B.  
4. Default on any payment of any fine or any other payment due us, they being due within 
30 days of the date of our statement. 
5. Fail to perform any of those duties set forth herein or fail to meet the standards set forth 
in the COM. 
6. Fail to operate the business continuously during the term of this agreement, Acts of God 
or other causes beyond your control, excepted. 
7. Fail to keep the salon open on the days and during such operating hours as we approve, 
as you represent to your customers, and as permitted under the terms of your lease. For 
locations in which we are a party tenant to the lease, these hours are prescribed by the 
landlord of the premises.  (Wal-Mart locations see 2009 MLA, Section 17.1.) For locations 
in which we are not a party tenant to the lease, you must open on days and operating 
hours that you represent to your customers on your price list and other signage.  
8. Fail to obtain from your manager the required non-disclosure, non-competition 
agreements. 
9. Permit any objectionable or unpleasant odors to emanate from your salon.    
10. Allow any insurance policy to lapse. 
11. Fail to comply with federal and state laws of significant industry import, such as the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act, Americans with Disabilities Act, Fair Labor Standards 
Act, federal and state withholding, gender based discrimination laws, Illegal Immigration 
Reform and Control Act, Immigration Responsibility Act, OSHA, Title VII of the Civil Rights 
Act, wage and hour laws, workers compensation insurance, EPA rules and regulations, 
local & state fire and safety codes, local environmental laws, laws, rules regulations 
concerning the handling and storage of flammables or others which give high visibility to 
transgressors for the harm they inflict upon the environment and your community. 
