19.11
19.12
19.13
19.14
[signature page tofollow]
Governing Law. This Master Lease, and any property or tort disputes between Landlord
and Tenant, will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
Arkansas, without regard to the internal law of Arkansas regarding conflicts of law.
Neither Landlord nor Tenant may raise in connection therewith, and hereby waive, any
defenses based on venue, inconvenience of forum, or lack of personal jurisdiction, in any
action or suit brought in accordance with the foregoing.
45
Template
Broker’s Fees.
Tenant represents and warrants that it has not consulted or negotiated
with any broker or finder with regard to the Leased Premises.
Tenant covenants and
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Landlord from any claims for fees or commissions
from anyone with whom Tenant has consulted or negotiated with regard to the Leased
Premises.
Jurisdiction and Venue.
For any suit, action, or legal proceeding, arising from this
Master Lease or from
any property or tort dispute
between
Landlord
and
Tenant,
Landlord and Tenant consent and submit to the exclusive Jurisdiction and venue of the
state courts of Arkansas situated
in Benton County, Arkansas or the federal courts
situated in the Western District of Arkansas.
Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that
they have read and understand this clause and willingly agree to its terms.
Attorney’s Fees.
Except as otherwise provided in this Master Lease, if either party
commences an action in a court of law against the other party to enforce the terms of this
Master Lease, to declare rights under this Master Lease, or for any other reason related to
this Master Lease, each party will pay its own attorney’s fees and costs incurred as a
result of that action.
C.
Notice intended for Landlord must be sent to: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Asset
Management,
2001 SE
10th Street,
Bentonville, AR
72716-0550,
with
a copy
to:
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Division - Legal, Office of the General Counsel,
702 SW 8th Street, Bentonville, AR 72716-0185.
