6.3
6.4
B.
Failure to comply with this Section 6.4 is a material breach of this Master Lease.
6.5
Customer Service.
6.6
6.7
with the prior, written consent of Landlord, which Landlord
may not unreasonably
withhold, condition or delay.
Hours of Operation.
Tenant shall post its Hours of Operation in a conspicuous location
within the Leased Premises, subject to and in accordance with the requirements set forth
in Section 2.6 above.
Trade Name.
During the term of this Master Lease, Tenant shall conduct its business
under the name designated as Tenant’s Trade Name in Appendix- 1 and under no other
name
without
the
prior,
written
consent of Landlord,
which
consent
shall
not
be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
Window Display Lights.
Tenant shall keep, during the Hours of Operation, any display
windows in the Leased Premises neat and attractive.
16
Template
Mail & Deliveries.
Landlord does not guaranty any mail or deliveries to the Leased
Premises and recommends Tenant arrange to receive mail or deliveries at an alternate
location.
Any mail or deliveries to and from the Leased Premises must be done only at
such times and in the areas and through the entrances designated for such purpose by
Landlord.
Any mail or delivery left with the Store is done at the Tenant’s sole risk.
All
property kept, stored, or maintained on the Leased Premises by Tenant is at Tenant’s sole
risk.
A.
Tenant acknowledges that Landlord relied on Tenant’s business reputation and
associated trade name as a significant material inducement in Landlord’s decision to
execute this Master Lease, and therefore, Tenant hereby warrants that Tenant has the
right to use the trade name and all logos, trade dress, slogans, and all other identifying
marks used by Tenant at the Leased Premises.
A.
Tenant
shall
operate
the
Leased
Premises
in
conformity
with
Landlord’s
reputation as the operator of discount retail stores dedicated to customer satisfaction and
prompt quality customer service featuring a broad assortment of quality merchandise at
low, competitive prices.
D.
Failure to comply with this provision or any representation by Tenant that during
the applicable Lease Term the Tenant, or one of its Sublessees, will not comply with this
provision or will vacate the applicable Leased Premises materially breaches this Master
Lease.
B.
Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall post, in a conspicuous location that
customers can see when the Leased Premises is open and when the Leased Premises is
closed, a telephone number and an address for customers to contact.
The telephone
number must be either toll free or a number local to the applicable Leased Premises.
