 
Disclosure Document 
22 
us, we collect them from you and then remit them for you.  For Wal-Mart locations, please 
refer to Exhibit C-1 of this disclosure document (Section 4.9 of the 2009 MLA). 
 
(4) 
You must maintain CGL and PL throughout the term of your Franchise Agreement 
and are required to obtain these insurance coverages through our group carrier.  You pay us 
as shown in the table.  We pay the premiums to the broker/carrier on behalf of our franchisees.  
Annual premiums are subject to change based upon carrier increases and other variables. If 
we permit you to pay us the annual premiums in installments, then a surcharge ranging from 
$15 to $25 may be applied. We reserve the right to require you to maintain limited Property 
Insurance in limits determined by us and that such insurance be purchased through a 
designated provider. 
 
(5) 
A transfer is a conveyance of an interest of 1/3 or more in the franchise.  Your 
transferee is permitted to pay the fee, if so negotiated by you.  On a transfer by you to a 
business entity, owned by you, the Transfer Fee is $500, but you must keep at least a 1/3 
equity interest in the entity and meet other conditions (Refer to Item 17 of this disclosure 
document).  
 
(6) 
We charge you these amounts if we are required to pay them to the landlords/prime 
lessors as their tenant.  They are payable immediately on demand by us unless otherwise 
noted.  
 
(7) 
Failure to operate during required time periods and any unauthorized use of 
premises, among other violations, can result in these charges. 
 
(8) 
You must indemnify us for any costs or damages we experience due to a claim 
relating to your operation of the salon and/or for failure to perform under the Franchise 
Agreement.  For Wal-Mart locations, under the 2009 MLA, you must indemnify Wal-Mart and 
its related entities for any damages arising out of your acts or those of your employees or 
invitees, your salon operation or breach of the lease. We anticipate that other leases under 
which we are a party tenant will likely have similar provisions requiring you to indemnify the 
landlord. Leases and other agreements pertaining to the premises, such as the ECC, that we 
are not party tenants to will likely have similar provisions protecting your landlord. 
 
(9) 
Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, if you are unable to resolve a 
customer complaint, including unredeemed gift certificates issued for your location, you will 
pay to us any related costs that we incur.  Refer to Section 29 C. of the Franchise Agreement, 
Exhibit A of this disclosure document. All fees are imposed uniformly. 
 
(10) 
For Wal-Mart locations, under the 2009 MLA, you may be required to pay 
additional fees for the right to operate out of a Wal-Mart location. These additional fees may 
include utility reimbursement, key money, lease improvement charge, additional security 
deposit, or additional fire insurance reimbursement. If charged by Wal-Mart, you are 
responsible for these additional fees as well as paying for them prior to the opening of your 
salon and annually for the Insurance Reimbursement Fee. Other landlords may charge similar 
additional fees.  
 
 
 
 
 
