EXHIBIT B
Surrendered White Box
Tenant must:
Temporary Dust Wall Detail
Page 7 of 1 0
o
o
o
o
o
o
Tenant: REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC
Store #:r
ATTACHMENT A
sample
Barricade: Preferred temporary dust wall method for projects that do not meet the Dust Drape
requirements.
>
Tenant shall use vendors approved by Walmart.
Rigid Dust Partition:
>
May be used in place of a Barricade.
Dust Drape:
>
Use if minor work is being done in the space and work will take less than five days.
Painting.
General patch work to walls that does not require sanding.
Fixture installation or removal.
Verify with the local authority having jurisdiction (AHJ) to find out if a permit is required for the
scope ofwork and provide a copy of the permit or an email stating that a permit is not required to
the Walmart Services Project Manager prior to commencing any construction activity.
Discuss the scope of work, timelines and dumpster placement (if needed) with the store manager.
All disruptive work (noise, fumes, gases, odor, airborne particulates, etc.) must occur overnight or
during hours that have been approved by the store manager. The Tenant is responsible for all costs
incurred to secure the applicable dumpster. Ifthe store manager requests any changes to the
Tenant approved scope of work it will need to be approved by the Walmart Services Project
Manager prior to commencing any construction activity.
Ensure all contractors are licensed and insured in the jurisdiction that the project is taking place.
Install a temporary dust wall per the details and guidelines described below or an approved
barricade before work commences.
Not perform any work during the construction blackout (November 1 through January 1) unless
approved by Walmart Services Project Manager.
Execute the applicable checklist White Box (as defined below) and email it to the Walmart
Services Project Manager.
Email final pictures of the completed White Box space to the Walmart Services Project Manager.
>
Photos should include:
Completed interior space with a photo of each wall, floor, and the ceiling.
Interior bulk head.
Completed exterior ofbuilding where the sign was removed if applicable.
