 
Exhibit B - Receipt for Confidential Operations Manual 
 
B1 
 
EXHIBIT B 
TO THE REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
 
RECEIPT FOR CONFIDENTIAL OPERATIONS MANUAL #  
 
 
 
 
In further consideration of the grant of my franchise, I acknowledge receipt of the above numbered 
Confidential Operations Manual (COM) and agree that that publication contains copyrighted 
materials, confidential and proprietary information belonging exclusively to Regal Nails, Salon & 
Spa, LLC. I further acknowledge and agree that: 
1. Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC has the exclusive right title and interest thereto and that I 
shall neither contest nor do anything to contest that right. 
2. I have no right, of any kind, to the confidential information contained in the COM other than 
to use it during the term of my franchise. 
3. The contents of the COM are material to Regal Nails, Salon & Spa’s operations and its 
success. 
4. I will use the COM and the information contained therein, solely for the operation of my 
Regal Nails, Salon & Spa or Regal Nails Salon and for no other purpose. 
5. I will not reproduce the COM, in whole or in part. 
6. The standards and guidelines contained in the COM are fair and reasonable and obtainable. 
7. From time to time, with and without notice, changes may be made to the COM and I shall 
comply with those changes. 
8. Changes are made to increase efficiency, profitability, enhance goodwill and the reputation 
of Regal Nails, Salon & Spa and Regal Nails. 
9. Should changes be made in loose leaf form, I will properly file those changes and comply 
with them. 
10. In the event of a conflict between the copy of the COM, furnished me, and the official COM, 
retained by Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC the latter shall be controlling. 
11. Fines and penalties, even termination of the franchise may result from my failure to follow 
the guidance of the COM.  
12. Any fine assessed against me, shall be paid within 30 days of receipt of my statement. 
13. The COM requires me to meet certain standards and goals, prescribed by Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa, LLC. It furnishes general guidelines, informs me of what I am expected to 
achieve, but does not control the actual, day to day operation of my salon. 
14. Should I learn of an unauthorized use of the COM, I shall promptly notify Regal Nails, Salon 
& Spa, LLC Other than notification, I shall take no action until I am requested to do so. 
15. Should Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC take any action against an unauthorized user, I shall 
cooperate with Regal Nails, Salon & Spa in their efforts. 
16. Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC has no duty to protect me from any charges arising out of 
my use of the COM. 
