(3)
Store Relocation, Renovation and Closing.
7.3
A.
Tenant will maintain air pressure in the Leased Premises necessary to keep
offensive odors from emanating from the Leased Premises.
21
Template
Landlord, from time to time, may relocate the Store to another physical address (a
"Store Relocation”).
In the event of a Store Relocation, Landlord, in its reasonable
discretion, may terminate this Master Lease and related Attachment A as to the applicable
(2)
Tenant shall
bear the expense of garbage and
rubbish collection
and
disposal. If Landlord’s Leasing Operations Department permits Tenant to use any
part of the
Store (other than the Leased
Premises), Common Area, or land
underlying the foregoing to store garbage and refuse generated by Tenant’s use of
the Leased Premises, Tenant and its Sublessees, at the expense of Tenant or its
Sublessee, will keep all such garbage and refuse in the location designated by
Landlord and in the kind of container, including the use of interior refrigerated
garbage
containers
and
compactors,
Landlord
specifies
in
its
commercially
reasonable opinion.
(5)
At Landlord’s
written
request,
Tenant will
install
any
equipment
or
procedures necessary to comply with Section 7.2C(3) and Section 7.2C(4).
If
Tenant fails to comply with Landlord’s request, within twenty (20) days after
receiving notice, Landlord may take remedial action for Tenant, and Tenant will
pay, as additional Rent, the cost of such remedial action plus an administrative
charge of ten percent (10%) of the cost thereof.
(1)
Tenant shall not allow the accumulation or burning of any rubbish or
garbage in, on, or about the Leased Premises and shall keep all entrances, doors,
or loading areas in the Leased Premises or immediately adjoining the Leased
Premises free from trash, litter, or other obstruction.
D.
If Tenant fails to commence, and thereafter pursue diligently any repairs required
by this Section 7.2 within ten (10) days of receiving notice from Landlord of the repair,
Landlord may repair the Leased Premises as necessary to maintain it in a good, clean,
safe, dry, and tenantable condition. If Landlord makes such repair, Tenant will reimburse
Landlord for its costs, plus an additional ten percent (10%) administrative fee when
Tenant pays the next month’s Rent.
C.
Tenant, at no expense to Landlord, shall maintain the Leased Premises in a clean
and sanitary condition, free from debris or offensive odor, and in compliance with all
laws affecting the Leased Premises, Tenant’s use of the Leased Premises, or Tenant’s
business.
(4)
Any odor-producing function of Tenant’s operations must be mechanically
vented to the exterior of the Store and the Leased Premises to eliminate the
dissipation of such odors into the Store or into the interior or exterior of any other
tenant’s space.
Exhaust hoods may not project above the roof deck higher than
that allowed by local governmental authorities or code requirements.
