2.
3.
1
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and promises contained herein,
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency and validity of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to amend the Lease as follows:
1. Section 1 (a) of the Appendix 1 entitled "Permitted Use of Leased Premises" is hereby deleted
and replaced with the following:
WHEREAS, the parties desire to modify the Lease in accordance with the terms and
provisions of this Second Amendment;
SECOND AMENDMENT TO
WAL-MART MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Second Amendment and the terms
of the Lease, the terms of this Second Amendment shall govern and control.
All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Second Amendment have
the same meaning as provided in the Lease.
RECITALS
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Wal-Mart Master Lease
Agreement dated as of March 6, 2009, and that certain First Amendment to the Master Lease
agreement dated April 18, 2009 collectively hereinafter the "Lease");
THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO WAL-MART MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT
(this "Second Amendment") is made and entered into by and between Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.,
Wal-Mart Stores East, LP, Wal-Mart Stores Arkansas, LLC, Wal-Mart Louisiana, LLC and
Wal-Mart Stores Texas, LLC (collectively hereinafter "Landlord") and REGAL NAILS, SALON
& SPA, LLC ("Tenant"). The effective date (the "Effective Date") of this Second Amendment is
the date on which this Amendment is last executed by a party hereto, as indicated on the
signature pages of this Amendment.
"(a). Tenant shall use the Leased Premises solely for the purpose
of operating a full service nail salon offering manicures, pedicures,
facial and body waxing (limited to areas of the face, hands and
feet,
specifically
excluding
bikini
waxing)
and
the
sale
of
professional
nail
products.
Tenant
may not sell
additional
products or offer additional sendees without Landlord’s prior
written approval, which may granted or withheld in Landlord's
sole and absolute discretion. Tenant shall not use the Leased
Premises, nor permit the Leased Premises to be used, in any
manner that violates any law, statute, regulation or ordinance now
or hereinafter in force and applicable to Tenant’s business and/or
the Leased Premises. “
