 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A31  
21. Require all the managers in your salon to sign our Non-Competition and Confidentiality 
Agreements and to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and to refrain from 
competing with us, to the same extent as you are required to do so.  
22. Hire only licensed manicurists or other professionals and ensure that their licenses are 
current and properly displayed. Comply with your landlords’ request, if any, for a 
background check on all hirees. 
23. Comply with state laws and our rules and regulations concerning prohibitions on multiple 
uses of buffers, files, grinding tips and other such implements on more than one customer. 
24. Install and use in the operation of your salon our designated merchant services solution 
and point of sale system, and ensure that at all times we, the landlord (if required), and 
any of our designees have remote access to the extent we require to the information and 
data on your merchant services solution and point of sale system. You will also maintain 
the merchant services solution and the point of sale system in good working order. 
25. For products and services for which we have identified a designated supplier, purchase 
such products and services from the designated supplier.  In addition, we may require that 
products and services purchased for your salon: (a) meet certain specifications; (b) be a 
specific brand, kind, or model; (c) be purchased only from suppliers or providers that we 
have expressly approved of; and/or (d) be purchased from sources that we choose (which 
may include us or our affiliates or related companies or a buying cooperative organized 
by us or our affililiates or related companies). Any such requirements will be 
communicated to you in writting. We may designate certain authorized products and 
services and select specific products and services as optional or mandatory. All mandatory 
items must be present in your salon and/or used, as applicable. You must comply with any 
terms, conditions, or other restrictions imposed by the suppliers or providers concerning 
your purchase. This includes, without limitation, terms of payment, unless a charge is 
being disputed in good faith. You must maintain enough inventory of products to meet 
your customer demand.  
26. For Wal-Mart locations, meet or exceed the Performance Covenants as required by Wal-
Mart and as set forth in the Attachment A of the 2009 MLA for the leased premises.  
22. 
MAINTENANCE 
A. You acknowledge and agree that the maintenance of your salon is vital.  To ensure that your 
furnishings, fixtures, equipment and décor have long, useful, productive lives and retain their 
crisp, clean appearance, you agree to strictly adhere to our Maintenance Program which is set 
forth in the COM; to perform weekly inspections of your salon, repair or replace that which is 
necessary, clean all surfaces and perform whatever services are required to keep or to bring the 
salon up to an “as new” condition; to pay particular attention to safety items, such as the exhaust 
fan, electrical wires, hot water heater, sinks, drains and hazards which could cause injuries to 
your customers or the public and to repair or replace those items not functioning properly. 
B. You further acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for any liability resulting from 
your failure to properly maintain your salon or the contents thereof. 
C. You agree to repair, replace, or upgrade any piece of furniture, fixture, item of equipment 
found to be in need of such by our inspector(s), or, if we are a party tenant to the lease, the 
landlord at your sole cost and in a timely manner. 
D.  You agree that if we or, if we are a party tenant to the lease, the landlord request and you 
have not done so within the last three years, you must, at your sole expense, remodel according 
to our specifications, plans and timeline.  If you fail to remodel according to our specifications, 
