Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC 
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
11 
 
 
Performance obligations- The Company has defined the granting of the 
franchise license in the contract as a separate performance obligation, which allows 
the franchisee the right to use the franchise throughout the license period. Franchise 
fees are billed monthly to franchisees on a straight-line basis over the life of the 
contract.  Goods transferred, and charges for costs used by the franchisee, which are 
distinct, are billed to the customer and recognized at a single point in time when 
control is transferred to the franchisee.  The Company applies the principles of 
materiality in the determination of performance obligations.  
 
License renewals- The Company recognizes revenue from license renewals 
no earlier than the beginning of the renewal period. 
 
The Company applies ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) to its lease 
contracts follows: 
  
Sublease income- The Company acts as sublessor for all leases of franchisee 
locations. The Company, as lessee, is not relieved of the primary obligation under 
each original lease. In accordance with the terms of the sublease contracts, the 
Company’s lease cost does not exceed sublease income for each term. Related  assets 
leased to sublessors are tested annually for recoverability by assessing the anticipated 
collectability of sublease income compared to the lease cost.  Income is recognized 
over the lease term. The sublease agreements generally require the customers to pay 
taxes, insurance and other costs, which do not transfer a good or service and are, 
therefore, not considered components under Topic 842.   
 
 Lease cost–Operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the 
life of the lease. The Company has elected the package of practical expedients 
permitted in Topic 842. Accordingly, no right-of-use asset and lease liability is 
recognized for short-term leases (with terms of 12 months or less). The risk-free 
discount rate is used to measure the lease liabilities and right-of-use assets by class. 
Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred.    
 
The Company has elected to use the practical expedient in Topic 606 
allowing the recognition of incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense 
when incurred. All other expenses are recognized as they are incurred. 
