"Indemnitee” means:
B.
Landlord, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents,
C.
13.2
A.
Scope of Indemnity. Tenant’s obligations under this Article XIII:
13.3
Any actual or alleged breach of this Master Lease by Tenant or Sublessee, or any
agent, employee, or representative of either Tenant or Sublessee;
(1)
and
33
Template
“'Indemnified Claim” means a Claim for which Tenant is obligated to indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless the Indemnitees according to Section 13.2 below.
C.
An
investigation
of
the
Indemnitees
concerning
the
alleged
improper
management, handling, storage, disposal, or transportation of Hazardous Substances, any
of which Tenant is responsible for under this Master Lease and the actual or alleged
improper use, handling, management, storage, transportation, and disposal of Hazardous
Substances by Tenant, Sublessee, or any agent, employee, or representative of either
Tenant or Sublessee; and
Indemnification.
Tenant shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Indemnitees
against any Claim, even if the Claim is groundless, fraudulent, false, or raised or asserted
by a third party, including a government entity, in connection with or resulting from:
(2)
Any lessor of Landlord or other party to an agreement with Landlord
related to Landlord’s purchase or lease or use of the Store or the underlying land,
which
Landlord
has
a
contractual
obligation
to
indemnify
for
Claims
in
connection with the Store or the Leased Premises.
A.
Are
independent of,
and
not limited
by,
any of Tenant’s obligations under
Article XIV below, even if damages or benefits are payable under worker’s compensation
or other statutes or if Tenant breaches its obligations under Article XIV below.
D.
Indemnitees’ actual or alleged passive negligence, secondary liability, vicarious
liability, strict liability, or breach of a statutory or non-delegable duty, related, directly or
indirectly, to any matter covered under Section 13.2 of this Master Lease.
B.
Survive the termination or expiration of this Master Lease until applicable law
fully and finally bars all Claims against Tenant.
ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS
ARTICLE XIII WILL BE ENFORCED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE INDEMNITEES.
In the event that
applicable law affects the validity or enforceability of this Article XIII, that applicable
law will operate to amend this Article XIII to the minimum extent necessary to bring the
B.
Any actual or alleged negligence or willful misconduct by Tenant or Sublessees,
or their respective agents, employees, representatives, subcontractors, or customers, at or
related to the Leased Premises;
