 
Disclosure Document 
41 
 
12. Defend your use of our Trademarks to the extent provided under the Franchise 
Agreement and reimburse you for certain costs of your compliance if we change or discontinue 
the mark (Sections 9 and 10 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
13. Before your Franchise Agreement expires, if you wish another term and we offer one, 
we will inspect your salon and provide you with a list of things which must be done to 
rejuvenate your salon, bring it to standard and achieve that, “as new” condition, along with 
any other conditions of renewal (Section 16 B. of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
We are not obligated to perform the services set forth above to your level of satisfaction, 
but as a function of our experience, judgment and knowledge. 
 
We are not obligated to assist you in establishing prices, such as setting minimum and/or 
maximum prices at which you must sell products and services. 
Advertising 
 
You may not use any advertising material containing our trademarks, Regal®, Regal Nails 
Salon & Spa® or Regal Nails®, or any modified version or derivative of it, unless we have 
expressly approved it in writing before its publication.  If you operate a website which uses 
our Mark, in any way, you must submit your website to us for advance approval; this includes 
publishing web-pages on social networking websites, blogging, posting on any forum, video 
sharing, and/or posting user reviews.  Advertising and press releases containing Wal-Mart’s 
name or mark must be approved by Wal-Mart.  All advertising must be true, in good taste, and 
conform to our standards.  We have no national advertising program or advertising fund and 
do not offer an advertising program as part of the franchise.  As noted above in this Item, our 
assistance is limited to on-line assistance with advertising created by you and the guidance 
about your advertising and promotional efforts that we consider appropriate.  
Currently, there are no franchisee advertising councils, although we reserve the right 
to establish one. If such a council is allowed, we can establish the requirements of who can 
sit on the council and the voting parameters, if any. If such council is allowed, the council’s 
recommendations are not mandates; and we reserve the right not to be bound by them. 
Currently, there are no regional or local advertising cooperatives, but the Franchise 
Agreement gives us the power to require advertising cooperatives to be formed, changed, 
dissolved or merged. If we form a regional advertising cooperative for your area, we will notify 
you in writing of the starting date and your initial contribution of $10, We will determine the 
area of each advertising cooperative based on an area that we consider likely to be able 
advertise effectively on a cooperative regional basis. Your advertising cooperative will 
establish all other contributions but they will be at least $10 per month. The regional 
advertising cooperative will operate from written By-Laws but these are not available for your 
review at this time. The advertising cooperative will be administered by a Board of Directors 
and officers elected by its members. Expenditures by the regional advertising cooperative 
need not be in proportion to the contributions you make (or any other franchisee makes). 
Company-owned salons will not contribute or belong to regional advertising cooperatives. 
A regional advertising cooperative may spend funds for: developing advertising ideas 
and concepts; developing market research and merchandising programs; preparing 
advertising campaigns; developing promotional ideas and strategies; preparing collateral 
creative materials; preparing advertisements (including writing, filming, editing, etc.); planning, 
negotiating, contracting and trafficking media programs; technical and professional advice for 
programs; public relations; and, administration of the cooperative, including legal and 
accounting services. 
