LICENSE AGREEMENT
I.
wide
an*
II.
B.
C.
D.
III.
dollars per month.
PREMISES.
A.
TERM.
A.
HEB hereby grants a license to Licei
grocery store ("Store”) located at
as
Original Term. The term of this License Agreement shall commence on the earlier of: (1)
the day Licensee opens for business in the Store or (2) opening day^^^^^^^^H
("Commencement
Date”),
and
ending
and
ending
at
5:00
pm
on
("Expiration
Date"),
unless sooner terminated
in accordance with the terms of this
License Agreement.
Licensee accepts the Premises subject to all matters of record, all
Legal Requirements and in its AS-IS - WHERE-IS condition.
Early Possession.
Licensee shall be entitled to access the Premises at least 45 days and
not more than 60 days prior to the Commencement Date as reasonably necessary to
facilitate the preparation and opening of Licensee's business in the Premises, provided
that Licensee shall avoid unreasonable interference with HEB's operations or business in
the Stores.
Early Termination. At any time, five years following the commencement date, either
party shall have the right in its sole discretion to terminate this License Agreement at any
time upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
Renewal Option. Provided Licensee is not in default beyond any applicable cure period
hereunder, Licensee shall have the right and option to renew this License Agreement for
one (1) additional five (5) year term by delivering written notice thereof to Licensor at
least one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the expiration date of the Original Term.
Upon the delivery of said notice and subject to the conditions set forth in the preceding
sentence, this License Agreement shall be extended upon the same terms, covenants and
conditions as provided in this License Agreement, except that the rental payable during
said extended term shall be at the rates set out in section III below. Within 30 days
following HEB's receipt of Licensee’s written notice, HEB shall either grant the renewal
or notify Licensee, that it declines to renew the license. Failure to notify Licensee of its
decision within the 30 day period shall be construed as a grant of the renewal.
the HEB
commonly
i, in the area in an area containing approximately^^
_square feet (approximately
•remises").
HEB may, at HEB's option and
1
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
leep) as shown on Exhibit A
expense, recalculate the area of the Premises.
In the event the area of the Premises is not
the square footage stated above, then the Minimum Guaranteed Rent and all additional
charges based on area of the Premises shall be adjusted accordingly.
The area shall be
determined by measuring from the exterior surface of exterior walls (and extensions
thereof, in the case of openings) and from the center line of demising party walls, all of
which form the perimeter of the Premises.
RENT.
Commencing on the Commencement Date, Licensee shall pay to HEB in equal monthly
installments the amount of
This License Agreement is entered into by and between HEB Grocery Company, LP, a Texas
Limited
Partnership ("HEB")
and
("Licensee").
For good
and
valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
