 
Disclosure Document 
56 
unexpired, bona fide franchise-wide program gift cards/certificates presented to you.  
Furthermore, you may only redeem your own unit’s gift card/certificate if they were issued 
prior to implementation of the franchise-wide gift card/certificate program. In the event that a 
franchise-wide gift card/certificate program is implemented, redemption of a franchise-wide 
program gift card/certificate will not be location specific.  
We can modify or change the system, trademarks, training programs and COM, goods 
and services offered, at any time, restricted only by the terms of the leases to the premises if 
we are a party tenant.  We will make modifications and changes as we consider appropriate 
to protect our Mark, our good will, and for other business purposes. There is no contractual 
limitation on our right to make changes. 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
These tables list certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement, Site 
Deposit Addendum and, for Wal-Mart locations, the 2009 MLA and related agreements 
pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer and dispute resolution. You should read 
these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT AND SITE 
DEPOSIT ADDENDUM
 
SUMMARY 
a. Length of the franchise 
term 
5A. and 5F. 
For locations where we are party 
tenant to the least for the 
premises, the length of the 
franchise term expires with the 
term of the lease for the 
premises. For Wal-Mart 
locations, generally the initial 
term is 5 years. 
 
Generally for locations where we 
are not a party tenant to the 
lease of the premises, 5 years 
for the initial term and a mutual 
option to renew for an additional 
5-year term. Subject to and 
coinciding with the term of the 
lease or ECC of the salon 
premises. We reserve the right 
to grant an initial term for less 
than 5 years. No initial term 
longer than 5 years will be 
permitted.  
 
 
b. Renewal or extension of 
the term 
5A., 5B., and 16 
There is no automatic right to a 
renewal or an extension, but it is 
possible to obtain a renewal 
term of 2 to 5 years, subject to 
