 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A61  
PART 1 TO THE REGAL NAILS SALON & SPA FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
DEFINITIONS 
2004 MSLA – Our expired 2004 Master Sublease Agreement with Wal-Mart. 
2009 MLA – Our current Master Lease Agreement with Wal-Mart. 
Agreement – Refers to the Franchise Agreement to which this Part 1 is attached. 
Alfalfa Nail Supply, Inc.- A unit formed and maintained, by Mr. Ton, but detested by its competitors 
for its fast shipping & low prices. See also, NSS. 
Assumed Business Name – This term is also known as d/b/a, fictitious name, business alias and 
similar names. Its registration is a procedure, allowed in most states whereby one may do 
business in the name of another or a hypothetical name. The act of registration is for public 
disclosure.  
CGL – An abbreviation for a Commercial General Liability policy of insurance.  
COM – the Regal Nails, Salon & Spa Confidential Operating Manual, which collectively includes 
all manuals, policy statements, directives, bulletins and memoranda that contain mandatory and 
recommended specifications or standards, procedures, policies, advice and training relating to 
the operation or promotion of our salons.  
Confidential Information - all our trade secrets, our standards and specifications, all information 
contained in the Confidential Operating Manual, the name and contact information concerning our 
franchisees and prospective franchisees and all other information we designate as confidential. 
d/b/a - see  Assumed Business Name, supra. 
Snow White Package – A custom-built, finished, equipped, and ready to operate nail salon, with 
furniture, fixtures and equipment, including start-up supplies and an initial inventory and Regal 
Nails, Salon & Spa décor, all according to then current standards and requirements. 
Disposable Items – Those tools designed to be used no more than once and only for use on one 
customer. Examples are slippers, toe separators, files, buffers, autoclave pouches, liners, sanding 
boards, gloves cotton balls, etc. 
Expiration – The end of a contractual relationship due solely to the passage or lapse of time. It 
has the same effect as termination. 
Extension – Generally refers to a continuation of the present status. Although changes may be 
made, usually they are small & not significant.   
FDD - Federal disclosure document. Even if you don’t know all the rules, know these know the 
rules, check them out. Redo your documentation so that it’s compatible it.  
Franchise Filing state –Fourteen states have enacted legislation, which gives them and only them, 
the power & the right and power regulate against franchisors, who have not registered their 
disclosure statements with them. See Ex. C-1 to the disclosure document. 
Force Majeure – means acts of God (such as tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fire or 
other natural catastrophe); strikes, lockouts or other industrial disturbances; war, terrorist acts, 
riot or other civil disturbance; epidemics/pandemics; or other similar forces outside of a party’s 
control which could not, by the exercise of reasonable diligence, have been avoided. 
 
Goals -  Targets that we expect you to achieve and to maintain.  Examples include: no fines by 
