This provision does not apply to:
F.
(1)
Any Transfer between Affiliates,
(2)
Payments made by a transferee for Tenant’s customer deposits, or
(3)
Tenant’s furniture, fixtures, and equipment.
10.6
Transfer of Landlord’s Interest.
10.7
10.8
Attornment.
Tenant may not disaffirm any of its obligations under this Master Lease if
Landlord transfers its interest in the Store or a particular Leased Premises to a successor.
Landlord’s successor and Tenant will attorn to and be bound by the terms, covenants, and
conditions of this Master Lease as to the affected Leased Premises for the balance of the
Lease Term.
30
Template
within thirty (30) days following receipt of written demand, will pay the deficiency and
Landlord’s costs of such audit.
If the deficiency is greater than five percent (5%),
Landlord may terminate this Master Lease as to the transferred Leased Premises. If the
audit establishes that Tenant overpaid Landlord Landlord’s percentage of the Transfer
Premium, Landlord, within thirty (30) days following receipt of written demand by
Tenant, will pay the overage.
Subordination.
Landlord may elect that this Master Lease, as to a particular Leased
Premises, be subordinate to or paramount to the lien of any mortgage. Landlord’s right to
elect is self-operative, and no further instrument will be required. If Landlord requests,
Tenant will do one or both of the following:
B.
If Landlord transfers its interest in this Master Lease as to a Leased Premises and
the transferee assumes all of Landlord’s future obligations under this Master Lease,
Landlord will be released from any further obligations under this Master Lease as to the
transferred interest from and after the date of such transfer. Tenant agrees to look solely
to Landlord’s transferee for performance of obligations thereafter arising under this
Master Lease.
Landlord will transfer to the transferee any Security given by Tenant
according to Section 4.6, and Landlord will be discharged from any further obligation
relating to the Security.
A.
Confirm in writing and in a recordable form that this Master Lease,
as to a
particular Leased Premises, is subordinate to or paramount to (as Landlord elects) the lien
of any mortgage; and
A.
Landlord may transfer all or a part of its interest in the Store, the Common Areas,
or the Leased Premises to a parent, subsidiary, or affiliated corporation of Landlord
without prior consent or notice to Tenant.
B.
Execute an instrument making this Master Lease,
as to the particular Leased
Premises, subordinate or paramount (as Landlord may elect) to the lien of any mortgage,
in a form as may be required by any applicable mortgagee.
