 
Disclosure Document 
39 
party tenant. 
 
Placement Payments – We do not receive payments or fees from third parties for 
subleasing the space.  
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS 
AND TRAINING 
 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance: 
A. Our pre-opening assistance is limited as follows.  We will: 
1. With regard to leases and locations: 
a. 
For leases where we are a party tenant: attempt to locate, lease and 
sublease through the Franchise Agreement a site in a shopping center at a mutually selected 
site for you. If we are unable to locate a site, we will provide a refund, as noted in Items 5 and 
6 of this disclosure document, (Sections 6 H. and 18 A. of the Franchise Agreement). 
b. 
For leases where we are not a party tenant: review your proposed lease or 
other similar agreement to determine if it will meet our minimum standards for a salon location. 
All sites are recommended to be at least 800 sq. ft.; we reserve the right to not approve any 
site smaller than 800 sq. ft. In order for us to approve your lease, your landlord must agree to 
the terms and conditions of our lease rider. We are not responsible for the terms and 
conditions of your lease or the negotiations of such. 
 
2. Arrange for the build-out of the confirmed site by an approved contractor and keep you 
apprised of progress.  We will arrange for the premises to be conformed to local ordinances 
and building codes and for any required permits for the premises to be obtained. We will work 
with the contractor to try and facilitate a timely opening, but have no liability for delays, 
(Section 18 A. of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
3. Finish the salon according to our specifications by furnishing it and equipping it with 
all that is contained in the Snow White Package and any extras you have ordered to decorate; 
stock and test the salon.  (Section 20 A. of the Franchise Agreement and Exhibit G). 
 
4. Give you and your manager our 3-day initial orientation/training program for the 
business operation of the salon (Sections 18 A., 18 B. and 19 of the Franchise Agreement).  
We do not provide training for you or your manager to obtain any professional license or meet 
any other legal requirements for the operation of a salon in your state.   
 
5. If requested by you, provide whatever guidance and assistance we think is 
appropriate, in our discretion, for your Grand Opening.  (Section 18 B. of the Franchise 
Agreement).  
 
6. Identify an insurance carrier and obtain CGL and PL and limited Property coverage, 
as required. (Section 18 B. of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
7. Lend you a copy of our Confidential Operations Manual (“COM”) as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is effective (and a copy of the Wal-Mart Tenant’s Handbook if you are 
in a Wal-Mart location) (Section 18 A. of the Franchise Agreement).  Our COM currently 
contains a total of 120 pages and a copy of the table of contents of the COM is attached as 
Exhibit F.  
B. Our obligations to you during the operation of the franchised salon are limited to the 
