 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A41  
religion, and/or national origin; 
2. Serve the needs of the customer; and 
3. Strive for excellence. 
By your execution of this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you subscribe to these 
principals. 
B. You will fulfill the first belief by adhering to a non-discrimination policy, complying with the 
requirements of the American Disability Act and by using common courtesy.  The second is 
accomplished by maintaining an adequate stock of high quality products, such as which we 
furnished you in the Snow White Package and by performing those services set forth in Section 
21 B.  The third belief concerns the best value for the best price.  Problems arise in the customer 
service area when customers complain that they are not completely satisfied with the services for 
which they paid.  You are required to guarantee 100% customer satisfaction.  To achieve this 
goal, you shall attempt to resolve all customer complaints amicably.  The few exceptions to this 
rule must be addressed on an individual basis. 
C. Should you not reach a resolution with the customer, you agree to ask the customer to call 
our toll free customer complaint number so that our representative may endeavor to resolve the 
matter for you.  You authorize us to use our sole discretion in the resolution of the matter.  You 
agree to be responsible for the costs thereof, to give us your full cooperation and to provide any 
additional information that we may request. 
D. If we are a party tenant to the lease, should the customer call the landlord’s management or 
customer service team, that call will eventually be referred to us for resolution.  You agree that it 
may be handled in the same manner as described in Par. C above, that you will be responsible 
for the costs thereof, plus any additional fines and costs we incur.  
E. You agree to pay our statements for these services within thirty days of their presentation. 
F. For Wal-Mart locations, you acknowledge that you are aware of Wal-Mart’s rigorous policy 
concerning customer satisfaction.  Repeated violations of it, i.e. more than 3 negative reports 
within a twelve-month period, can lead to cancellation of the lease to the premises and cancelation 
of your franchise and sublease.  
30. 
TRANSFER OF FRANCHISE, CONSENT 
A. To ensure that we have qualified, worthy, competent franchisees, we must approve anyone 
to whom you wish to transfer your franchise and salon.  A transfer takes place when more than a 
one-third interest is conveyed to a third party. 
B. Our consent will not be withheld if the following conditions are met: 
1. 
You are current on all your obligations due us, including for amounts owed Regal by you 
or any of the principals, if you are a corporate entity, for the salon operating under this 
Agreement and all other salons franchised by Regal to you, or if you are a corporate 
entity, your principals or affiliates; 
2. 
Your transferee must submit an application, pay the $250 Application Fee, submit 
his/her/their professional license(s), and meet our qualifications; 
3. 
You or the transferee agrees to bring the salon up to current standards within an agreed 
upon time period; 
4. 
Your transferee must submit to a background and credit check to determine qualification, 
and, additionally, transferee or at least one of the principals of the transferee must have 
at least 1 year of salon experience in the last two years; 
