 
Disclosure Document 
3 
offer such shorter terms or to offer an extension to the then current term if available.  
Franchisees with locations that do not remodel as requested by Wal-Mart at renewal may lose 
their location with the landlord. At Wal-Mart’s option, the term at renewal for locations that do 
not remodel as requested may be reduced to one year. We are not permitted under the 2009 
MLA to sublet, assign, or otherwise transfer any premises in California without Wal-Mart’s 
written consent. You should know that Wal-Mart, under the 2009 MLA, requires performance 
covenants to be met; if a performance covenant is not met by a specific location, Wal-Mart 
reserves the right to terminate the lease for that specific location. If the 2009 MLA or our lease 
with Wal-Mart for your particular salon premises ends for any reason, including but not limited 
to your decline of an offer to relocate the location within the Wal-Mart store, your Franchise 
Agreement also will end and we will have no liability to you.  You should also understand that 
Wal-Mart is not a party to any agreement with you, Franchise or otherwise, and has no 
obligations to you; however, under the Sublease Schedule that is part of your Franchise 
Agreement, you are obligated to operate the salon as if you were the primary tenant under 
the 2009 MLA.  Refer to Items 10 and 17 and Exhibit C-1 of this disclosure document for more 
information on the termination of your rights to the Regal Nails Salon & Spa franchise. 
 
We have been party tenants to other master lease agreements with other big box retailers, 
such as HEB and Meijers. Where we are party tenants to a master lease agreement, the 
respective landlords are not a party to any agreement with our franchisees; however, under 
the Sublease Schedule that is a part of your Franchise Agreement, a Franchisee would be 
obligated to operate the salon as if it was the primary tenant under the master lease 
agreement. The terms of the master lease agreements have varied. But recently the majority 
of master lease agreements signed have been for a term of 60 months with a 5-year mutual 
renewal option. This may not always be the case and terms of any lease that we are party 
tenant to may be less. The term of your sublease will coincide with the terms of the master 
lease. Further unlike the Wal-Mart locations, which tend to be located inside the Wal-Mart, 
these other big box retailers may have the salon located outside of the store itself.  Should we 
enter into a master lease that impacts your chosen location prior to your execution of a 
franchise agreement with us, we will provide you with a copy of the master lease for your 
review. 
 
Where we are not a party tenant to a master lease agreement for the salon premises, then 
the Sublease Schedule in your Franchise Agreement will not apply and you will not be bound 
by its terms. You and your landlord will be the only parties to such leases. However, we will 
require that both you and your landlord sign a rider to your lease agreement granting us the 
right but not the obligation to have the lease assigned to us in the event of a default of our 
Franchise Agreement or your lease agreement.  The terms of your lease will be left to you to 
negotiate. However, we retain the right to review and approve the lease to determine whether 
it meets our minimum requirements for a Regal Nails Salon & Spa outlet.  Under no 
circumstances will we approve a lease with a term longer than 5 years or shorter than 3 years. 
Less than 1% of franchisees have entered into leases directly with their landlord. 
 
Your clientele consists principally of shoppers who value the accessibility of your location 
and seek professional personal grooming services. The substantial majority of your clients will 
be female.  The business is not seasonal, but may be related to the shopper traffic volume of 
your Wal-Mart store and any seasonally-related traffic patterns it experiences, such as 
increased volume over a holiday season or decreased volume during any slow sales periods 
for the store.  You may experience less traffic when a store first opens and until the marketing 
area population is familiar with it, if a competitor cuts into the store’s market share, if economic 
conditions become less favorable to department store sales, and due to other variables 
