1.
2.
3.
Telephones - Telephone Service shall be installed by Licensor, from the D marc to location
within the premises.
If Licensee utilizes a phone system to meet their telephone needs, Licensee will be responsible for
procuring its telephone system. HEB shall
provide phone lines for their installation. Licensee
shall be responsible for the installation of such system within the demised premises.
Under no
circumstances will Licensee be allowed to utilize any part of HEB’s phone system.
Any
Licensee phone system should be located inside Licensee lease space in a location with adequate
power and cooling resources.
Licensee phone wiring design will be such that station wiring will
consolidate in area next to phone system.
Licensee will be responsible for all programming,
maintenance, repair and replacement of phone system components.
Wireless Data - Licensee will not use wireless data devices in lease space without written
approval from HEB IS Network dept and IS Data Security.
Licensee will be given guidelines on
technology and use of such devices. If Licensee’s wireless devices cause undue interference with
HEB wireless devices, Licensee will be asked to make changes or discontinue use of such
interfering devices at Licensee’s expense.
Under no circumstances will Licensee be allowed to
Piggy-back on HEB in-store wireless network.
EXHIBIT E
Telephone and Data Installation
20
O:\RealEstate\Private\ShoppingCenter Development\InStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
Licensee will be responsible for ordering phone lines from local carriers and will pay any related
charges including LEC installation, monthly service, and any construction costs.
When ordering
telephone lines. Licensee should consider how many telephones, faxes, and modems will be
needed for their business.
Data Services - Licensee will be responsible for any and all data services.
Whether Licensee
chooses to procure DSL or Cable service for internet connectivity or use dial-up services is the
discretion of the Licensee. Such wire will be provided for services and will be run from the store
D-marc and extended to the Premises by HEB using an HEB approved vendor.
All work
thereafter is at Licensee's expense.
Wiring contractor will follow HEB wiring SOP.
Under no
circumstances will Licensee’s wiring go through HEB in-store computer room.
Licensee will
not have access to HEB internal data network unless previously approved in writing by HEB IS
leadership and IS Data Security Dept.
