 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A40  
protected.  We will also discuss any problems you may be having with the operation of your salon 
and do all that we can to assist you in meeting our defined goals.  
B. We will furnish you with a written copy of the quality assurance manager’s s report.  If the 
report indicates a deficiency, you will start to take corrective action, upon receipt.  You will, within 
fourteen calendar days, following receipt of the report, correct, repair or replace the deficiency or 
unsatisfactory condition. If the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition, cannot be corrected, 
repaired or replaced, “on the spot,” you have the fourteen calendar days to make the correction, 
repair or replacement.  If the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition is one which cannot be 
corrected, repaired or replaced within the fourteen-day period, you will not be in default if you 
begin within that fourteen days period to make the necessary corrections repairs or replacements.  
The quality assurance manager’s reports become a part of your file and are factors considered 
when determining whether to grant you a successor franchise.  
C. In the event that you do not make or begin the corrective work, within the fourteen-day period, 
following receipt of the quality assurance manager’s written report, we may seek and you shall 
pay for expenses of the quality assurance inspection that was the subject of the written report. 
Further, we have the right, but not the obligation to make the necessary corrections, repairs or 
replacements without being guilty of trespass, any other tort or similar claim and you must 
reimburse us for the costs and expenses of them.  Expenses may include board, lodging, wages, 
transportation as well as the actual costs of the corrections, repairs or replacements and the costs 
of re-inspection.  
D.  If you fail to comply with these obligations, to correct, repair or replace, you are in default of 
this Franchise Agreement.  Fines and penalties, even the loss of you franchise may ensue for 
your failure to take corrective action. If the quality assurance manager wishes, he may waive 
certain fines, if you take corrective action within the time he prescribes.   
E. If any inspection, quality assurance report, or any information we receive demonstrates that 
you are not in compliance with the lease to the premises if we are a party tenant, the COM, or 
this Franchise Agreement, we reserve the right to enter the salon premises, without trespass or 
any liability to you, and remove or modify any signage or décor items that are in violation of, or 
not in compliance with, the lease to the premises if we are a party tenant, the COM, or this 
Franchise Agreement.  Any signage or décor item we may modify or remove will be done so at 
your expense, and any item removed will be returned to you, at your expense, if requested within 
3 months of removal (otherwise such items will be deemed to have been abandoned by you), in 
such reasonable manner you request and pay for in advance.  
F. Prior to the expiration of your franchise, with assistance from the quality assurance manager, 
we will assist you in the preparation of your list of repairs to be made and upgrades required to 
bring your salon to current standards in order to obtain a successor Franchise Agreement.  Prior 
to granting you that successor Franchise Agreement, we will inspect your salon to see that all 
was performed satisfactorily. 
G. If we are a party tenant to the lease for the premises, you agree to allow the landlord and its 
representatives to inspect your salon premises and the areas surrounding the premises during 
normal business hours or at any other reasonable times. 
29. 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 
A. You acknowledge and agree that in addition to our goals and standards, you must also meet 
standards prescribed in the Tenant’s Handbook if we are a party tenant to the lease for your 
specific salon location.  You must subscribe to the following principals: 
1. Respect for the individual, regardless of their race, gender, age, sexual orientation, 
