 
 
 
(iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to 
the franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the 
proposed transfer.  
 
(h) 
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not 
uniquely identified with the franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that 
grants to a franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same 
terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor 
does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the 
assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has 
breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure the breach 
in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
 
(i) 
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or 
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless 
provision has been made for providing the required contractual services. 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY 
GENERAL 
DOES 
NOT 
CONSTITUTE 
APPROVAL, 
RECOMMENDATION, OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
Michigan law provides that a franchisor whose most recent statements are un-audited and 
which show a net worth of less than $100,000 shall, at the request of a franchisee, arrange 
for the escrow of initial investment and other funds paid by the franchisee or sub-franchisor 
until the obligations to provide real estate, improvements, equipment, inventory, training, or 
other items included in the franchise offering are fulfilled.  At the option of the franchisor, a 
surety bond may be provided in place of escrow.  In the event that an escrow is so established, 
the escrow agent shall be a financial institution authorized to do business in the State of 
Michigan.  The escrow agent may release to the franchisor those amounts of the escrowed 
funds applicable to a specific franchisee or sub-franchisor upon presentation of an affidavit 
executed by the franchisee and an affidavit executed by the franchisor stating that the 
franchisor has fulfilled its obligation to provide real estate, improvements, equipment, 
inventory, training, or other items.  This portion of the Michigan law does not prohibit a partial 
release of escrowed funds upon receipt of affidavits of partial fulfillment of the franchisor’s 
obligation. 
SHOULD THE PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THE 
NOTICE OF THIS FILING WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL, SUCH QUESTIONS SHOULD 
BE ADDRESSED TO: 
Michigan Department of Attorney General 
Consumer Protection Division 
Attn: Franchise Section 
525 W. Ottawa St. 
G. Mennen Williams Bldg., 1st Floor 
Lansing, Michigan 48913 
(517) 373-7117 
 
