Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC 
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
12 
 
 
J. 
Income Taxes 
 
Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC and its subsidiaries, with the exception of 
Regal Nails, Canada, ULC, RGEU Limited, and Regal Nails Mexico, were organized 
as limited liability companies under provisions of applicable state laws and the 
Internal Revenue Service Code as partnerships or S corporations. Accordingly, there 
is no provision for income taxes as the income, losses and credits are passed through 
to their members or shareholders. The Company’s foreign subsidiaries, Regal Nails 
Canada, ULC, RGEU Limited, and Regal Nails Mexico, are subject to federal and 
provincial taxes in their jurisdictions. Any provision for income taxes reported in the 
accompanying financial statements reflects foreign income taxes from these 
subsidiaries. Income tax expense was $12,162 and $18,425 for the years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023.  
 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
require management to evaluate tax positions taken by the Company and recognize a 
tax liability (or asset) if the Company has undertaken an uncertain position that more 
likely than not would not be sustained upon examination by the Internal Revenue 
Service.  Management has analyzed the tax positions taken by the Company, and has 
concluded that as of December 31, 2024, there are no uncertain positions taken or 
expected to be taken that would require recognition of a liability (or asset) or 
disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.  The Company is subject to 
routine audit by taxing jurisdictions; however, there are currently no audits for any 
tax periods in progress. 
 
K. 
Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 
 
The functional currencies of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are the local 
currencies.  The financial statements of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries have 
been translated into U.S. dollars.  All asset and liability accounts have been translated 
using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date.  Equity accounts have 
been translated using historical rates.  Income statement amounts have been 
translated using the average exchange rate for the year.  Accumulated net translation 
adjustments have been reported separately in other comprehensive income (loss) in 
the consolidated financial statements.  Foreign currency translation adjustments 
resulted in (losses) gains of ($7,450) and $13,274 in 2024 and 2023, respectively.  
Foreign currency transaction losses resulting from exchange rate fluctuations on 
transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of $58,808 
and $10,292 in 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in non-operating expenses 
in the consolidated statements of income.  
 
L. 
Reclassifications 
 
Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2023 financial statement 
presentation to correspond to the current year’s format.  Total equity and net income 
were not materially changed due to these reclassifications. 
