3.
4.
a.
Page 2 of 10
Condition Upon Surrender or Termination. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of
this Attachment A, for whatever reason, Tenant shall immediately remove all property and
the Trade Fixtures from the Leased Premises.
Additionally, Tenant shall surrender and
quit the Leased Premises, and shall either:
$157,000 x 8% = $12,560 (Monthly payment equals $12,560/12 = $1,046.67)
The monthly payment of $1,046.67 for 8 months is $8,373.33, which equals the Lost Profit
Payment.
It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties that the amount specified by the parties
is reasonable and Landlord shall not be liable for any other cost or expense of Tenant
ceasing operations in the applicable Leased Premises. This Section 3 shall not apply in case
of a Store Closing as defined in Section 7.3D of the Master Lease.
If the Lease terminates as a result of Landlord exercising the buyout right defined above,
Section 4 below shall not apply, and Tenant shall immediately remove all property, Signs
and Trade Fixtures from the Leased Premises and quit and surrender the Leased Premises
in “as is” condition.
Buy-Out Clause. Landlord may, without cause, terminate this Attachment A, with prior,
written notice effective 180 days after Tenant receives such written notice.
In the event
this Attachment A terminates as a result of Landlord exercising the termination right
granted in the preceding sentence and such termination occurs during the five (5) years of
the Renewal Term Commencement Date and Tenant has performed the Remodel, Landlord
shall reimburse Tenant for the unamortized portion of the cost of Tenant’s Remodel
improvements to the applicable Leased Premises, including fixtures, furniture, equipment
and decor (but only if part ofthe Tenant’s standard specifications), calculated on a straight-
line depreciation basis over said Lease Term on a monthly basis, not to exceed seventy-
five thousand dollars ($75,000). Proof of such costs shall be provided within fifteen (15)
days upon written request by Landlord.
Additionally, Landlord shall pay Tenant for its
estimated lost profits (“Lost Profit Payment”).
The Lost Profit Payment will equal the
product of (i) Tenant’s previous twelve months of Gross Sales as previously reported to
Walmart (“Tenant’s PTM Gross Sales”) as of the end of the calendar month immediately
preceding the date ofthe termination notice and (ii) eight percent (8%) over the number of
months (rounded up in the case of a partial month) remaining on the term of the Leased
Premises. If Tenant did not report sales to Walmart during any of the previous twelve
months, the Tenant’s PTM Gross Sales will be calculated using an average ofthe sales that
were reported.
If no sales were reported, then Tenant will not receive any Lost Profit
Payment under this section.
(d) If Tenant does not complete the Remodel prior to the Expiration Date, then the
Attachment A shall terminate and Tenant shall deliver the space to Landlord as
described below no later than fourteen (14) days after the Expiration Date.
Surrender the Leased Premises in a Surrendered White Box condition as described
on Exhibit B attached hereto; or
Tenant: REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPX LLC
Store H:
ATTACHMENT A
1
EXAMPLE
Where Tenant’s PTM Gross Sales are $157,000 and number of months remaining on the
term is 8 months:
