 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A1 
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. INTRODUCTION AND DEFINITIONS 
Definitions as used herein and acronyms are included in the Definitions.  They are contained 
in Exhibit A, Part 1 attached to this Agreement.   
Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, with its principal place of 
business is located at 5150 Florida Blvd., Baton Rouge, LA 70806, (hereinafter variously 
referred to as “Regal Nails, Salon & Spa”, or in the first person such as “we” or “us”) and you, 
(here after, variously referred to in the second person as “you” or “Franchisee”) in mutual 
consideration of the covenants herein promise and agree as follows:   
2. FRANCHISEE’S DESIRE TO BE PART OF THE REGAL NAILS SALON 
 
& SPA SYSTEM 
Franchisee desires to be a part of the Regal Nails Salon & Spa System and to own and 
operate a Regal Nails Salon & Spa nail salon, subject to the terms and conditions of this 
agreement and in adherence and conformity with the Regal Nails Salon & Spa System 
standards.  
3. SUBLEASE, APPLICABLE ONLY IF WE PARTY TENANT TO LEASE 
If we are a party tenant to the lease of the premises for your salon, then you shall also 
sublease these premises from us. The monthly franchise fee, base rent and rental tax will be 
included in your Monthly Fee. You agree to abide by and be further bound by the Sublease 
Schedule, which is incorporated into and hereby made a part of this Agreement.  
 
4. TERRITORY / QUOTAS 
In consideration of your expressed desires, the mutual promises herein contained and your 
execution of this Agreement and other contracts contained herein, we will grant you a non-
exclusive, non-protected territory in which to operate your franchise.  The territory is yours, as 
long as it is available to us and you meet all of your obligations to us under the terms of this 
Agreement, and if we are a party tenant to the lease for the premises, the Sublease Schedule, 
or, if we are not a party tenant to the lease for the premises, the Lease Rider or the Exchange 
Addendum, as applicable. We reserve the right to operate or to franchise our salons anywhere 
outside your territory. See Section 50 for territory address. If we are a party tenant to the lease 
to the premises, you will sublease the premises from us, the monthly base rent and rental tax 
will be included in the Monthly Fee, and you agree to abide by the franchise fee, Sublease 
Schedule, which is a part of this Franchise Agreement.   
If we are a party tenant to the lease for the premises: and the lease is terminated, then this 
Agreement is also simultaneously terminated with no required action on our part and with no 
liability to us. If we not party tenants to the lease for the premises and the lease is terminated, 
then this Agreement may also terminate, at our sole discretion with notice to you, and with no 
liability to us.  
With respect to required purchases, you must purchase the Snow White Package as well as 
Regal Nails branded products from designated or approved suppliers (where designated 
suppliers are those that must be used, and approved suppliers are those that may be used). 
With respect to Private Brand Products (as defined in Section 20.D), for each category of 
Private Brand Products we make available to you for purchase, whether directly or through 
designated suppliers, one half (50%) of your inventory for such category of items (for example, 
nail polish, nail powder, or otherwise) must consist of Private Brand Product items.  We 
