 
Disclosure Document 
47 
on all persons working on its premises. Additionally, Wal-Mart has reserved the right to 
terminate a lease to a particular location as a result of relocation or remodeling of the Wal-
Mart store or a change in business strategy, and at its sole discretion. See the 2009 MLA, 
Exhibit C-1, for more details. 
Training Program 
We will train you or your principal owner (one who owns 1/3 or more of the franchise 
and assumes all the privileges and duties of the franchisee), if you are a business entity, and 
your manager on the operation of a Regal Nails Salon & Spa® business.  You or your principal 
owner and your manager must attend the training program. Unless we make an exception, 
only you or your principal owner and your manager may attend the training program. The 
instructional materials consist of the COM; safety, sanitation and sterilization brochures; 
instructions for certain types of equipment; specifications for redecorating; and brochures 
concerning new products.  All attendees must be approved by us and be properly licensed by 
their state.  We do not provide, and you must obtain on your own, the training that you typically 
are required to have in your state and/or local jurisdiction to be licensed or certified as a 
professional manicurist or salon operator.  Our 3-day training program is held at our 
headquarters in Baton Rouge, LA.  You are responsible for all related travel, lodging and other 
expenses associated with your and any staff’s attendance (Refer to Item 7 of this disclosure 
document).  The program must be completed before your salon’s Grand Opening.  We 
conduct training on a bi-monthly basis except during November and December, but the 
schedule is subject to change.  This program may be suspended altogether during events of 
force majeure or when conditions outside of our control negatively impact our or ability to 
safely provide the program.   Once we resume offering the program, we may require that you 
attend the next available session. We may require you, at a later time, to re-attend a training 
program if we determine that the additional training is necessary for you to correct 
performance deficiencies or otherwise. If you have two insurance claims filed against you or 
your salon within a three-year period, you must re-attend training within 90 days of our 
knowledge of the second claim. We provide additional training and retraining as we believe 
necessary.  We generally mail new information concerning products and services, but we may 
convey new information in other ways if we decide to do so.   
You must complete our training program to our satisfaction. Your completion of the 
initial training program is mandatory and a pre-condition to our loan to you of a Confidential 
Operations Manual.  Proposed transferees of an existing franchise must complete the training 
program before our approval of any transfer (Refer to Item 17 of this disclosure document).   
Franchisees seeking a successor term must meet then current qualifications and training 
requirements. 
Below is an outline of the training program course of instruction as of the Date of 
Issuance of this disclosure document. We may change the training periodically program.  
The Table of Contents of the COM, which is the basis of our course of instruction, is 
attached as Exhibit F to this disclosure document. 
