 
Exhibit E – State Addendum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E23 
RHODE ISLAND ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
OF REGAL NAILS, SALON & SPA, LLC 
 
 
 In recognition of the requirements of the State of Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act 
(the “Act”), §19-28.1 et seq., the disclosure document submitted by [Name of Franchisor] for use 
in the State of Rhode Island is amended as follows: 
1. Item 17 u.- Dispute resolution by arbitration or mediation shall comply with §19-28.1-21 
of the Act - Private civil actions - and be amended to read:  
(a.) A person who violates any provision of this Act is liable to the franchisee for 
damages, costs, and attorneys and experts fees.  In the case of a violation of §§ 19-28.1-
5, 19-28.1-8, or 19-28.1-17(1)-(5), the franchisee may also sue for rescission. No person 
shall be liable under this section if the defendant proves that the plaintiff knew the facts 
concerning the violation. 
(b) Every person who directly or indirectly controls a person liable under this 
section, every principal executive officer or director of the liable person, every person 
occupying a similar status or performing similar functions, and every agent or employee 
of a liable person, who materially aids in the act or transaction constituting the violation, is 
also liable jointly and severally with and to the same extent as the person liable under this 
section, unless the agent, employee, officer, or director proves he or she did not know, 
and in the exercise of reasonable care could not have known of the existence of the fact 
by reason of which the liability is alleged to exist. 
2.  Item 17 v. - Choice of forum and Item 17 w. - Choice of law shall comply with §19-28.1-
14 of the Act - Jurisdiction and venue - and be amended to read:  
A provision in a Franchise Agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside 
this state or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a 
claim otherwise enforceable under this Act. 
 
 
 
  
