 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A30  
copyright and/or trademark the name or marks, Regal, Regal Nails Salon & Spa and Regal 
Nails, assign that copyright and/or trademark to us and take whatever other steps we may 
require to correct that mistake.  You shall bear all costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us 
as a result thereof. 
11. Pay, within 30 days, any fines and penalties assessed by our quality assurance managers 
for violation of the procedures set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual or for a 
breach of this agreement.  Correction of all mistakes and deficiencies shall be made on 
the spot, when possible, otherwise, in conformity with Section 28 infra. 
12. Notify us, should you, after the commencement of business, form a legal entity such as a 
corporation, partnership or LLC of such action, within 14 days thereof, so that the parties 
may be properly insured and execute whatever documentation and furnish such 
information as may be required by us, your CGL and PL insurer, and the landlord of the 
premises if we are a party tenant to the lease to reflect this change. 
13. Make arrangements with your family, employees, partners, etc., to notify us in the event 
of your death or disability. 
14. Submit in a timely manner and as prescribed those monthly reports of gross sales, 
required by us in a form acceptable to us. 
15. Maintain the salon in accordance with the instructions contained in the COM, its checklists, 
and the lease to the premises 
16. Cooperate with our quality assurance managers and the inspection procedures set forth 
in Section 28 infra. 
17. Maintain customer satisfaction and to that end: 
a. Be able to perform, at least, the mandatory services listed in C. 3., above, 
b. Converse in English only, while customers are present, 
c. During normal business hours, have at least one member of your staff 
present and on duty, who speaks English fluently, 
d. Keep the Customer Comment cards in plain sight for their convenience, 
e. Continuously and prominently display our hotline telephone number and 
your price list, 
f. 
Guarantee the satisfaction of your clientele, 
g. Comply with landlord’s, if we are a party tenant to the lease, guaranty of 
satisfaction for all your customers, 
h. Display the placard identifying you as the franchisee. 
18. Re-attend any training we schedule for you as a result of your failure to properly execute 
the terms of this Agreement or to comply with the provisions of the Confidential Operations 
Manual and our System. 
19. Comply with the non-competition covenants, contained in Section 33. 
20. If we a party tenant to the lease, maintain a harmonious relationship with the landlord of 
the premises, its managers and personnel.  Cooperate with them and read, understand 
and follow their special instructions in their tenants’ handbook and avoid any conflicts.  
You agree that failure to do so may lead to your eviction or a refusal to offer you a 
successor Franchise Agreement.  
