 
Disclosure Document 
30 
providers for your benefit and the benefit of the franchise system, and that we may derive 
revenue or obtain rebates, bulk pricing discounts, or allowances from such suppliers and 
providers on account of franchisee purchases or lease. You agree that, regardless of policy 
or practice, we have, at all times, the right to retain and use all such benefits as we deem 
appropriate. 
 
If we revoke approval or a previously approved product or service, you must discontinue 
use of such product or service and remove it from the salon within 60 days of disapproval. We 
have the right to shorten this period, if in our opinion, the continued use of the product or 
service would prove detrimental to the brand, franchise system or our reputation. 
 
We are the exclusive initial supplier for the salon.  We oversee the build out of the salon 
and supply the fixtures, equipment, initial supplies and inventory, décor and other items such 
as the Snow White Package, which you must purchase from us before opening your salon.  
We purchase all of the Snow White Package items from our affiliate, Alfalfa.  Our General 
Manager, Mr. Quy T. Ton is the sole owner of Alfalfa, an approved supplier of furniture, 
fixtures, and equipment, including pedi-spas. Mr. Ton has ownership interests in us as well as 
Regal Nails, LLC. None of our officers has any ownership interest in any other third-party 
approved supplier. 
 
The premises, which will mostly likely occupy 400 to 1500 square feet, will house an 
attractive salon. If we are party tenant to the lease, then you must sublease the premises from 
us.  The salon and the furniture, fixtures and equipment in the Snow White Package are 
designed to complement one another and to be adequate for opening a salon.  Some 
franchisees choose to purchase additional or upgraded equipment or opening supplies.  
Franchisees of larger salons will experience greater costs for extra furniture, fixtures, 
equipment, and decorative items, and will have to purchase them from us or Alfalfa. (See Item 
7 of this disclosure document for estimated cost ranges).  You also must order 
additional/replacement furniture, fixtures, and equipment from Alfalfa, which has specially 
designed furniture for your salon, as well as a matching color scheme and decor.  We are the 
exclusive supplier for the Snow White Package and Alfalfa is the exclusive supplier for your 
salon furniture, fixtures, equipment, and decorative items.   
 
Your salon comes stocked with an initial inventory of nail care products and supplies, 
which you purchase from us as part of the Snow White Package.  Except for Regal Nails or 
Regal branded items, we do not currently require you to replenish them with products we or 
our affiliates sell or which we have approved, except as otherwise stated as follows.  Regal 
Nails or Regal branded products must be purchased from Alfalfa Nail Supply, Inc. Products 
and suppliers approved by us are contained in the Confidential Operations Manual (“COM”). 
As consumer trends and preferences in the market vary and/or new products are developed, 
or whenever we consider appropriate, we can modify our product line and our approved 
suppliers/products.  These changes and new nail salon products are generally publicized as 
modifications to the COM.  Our approval of products and suppliers is based upon results in 
the field, customer comments and/or our testers.  You are not required to obtain these 
approved nail care products/supplies or to purchase from named approved suppliers, but we 
suggest that you try them.  If you want us to consider a product or supplier for inclusion in our 
COM, we will use reasonable efforts to consider and reply to your request within 30 days, 
although we are not obligated to do so.  If you desire to request inclusion of nail care 
products/supplies in our COM you must submit to us a written request to us for approval of 
the proposed nail care products/supplies, no approval fee is required.   We will notify you if 
and when we no longer approve a previously approved supplier. If we develop a proprietary 
line of products, then we may require you to purchase such product line. 
