Welcome!
i
••Wng
ST
*
How
Temporary Rigid Dust Partition
Barricade
Temporary Dust Drape
White Box Surrendered Guidelines
Page 8 of 10
ATTACHMENT A
attach to
ooOtofl yrM-
fgg|
IMM
h
• ml ofaai poly ib««tHg overt a pod al jotnli
a mintonum of C-10* and oonlknuouafy tapod
fetoli.
Attach aheetlng from coding to Hniabod Hoot
for a du itproof conditfon.
II attachment to oedbng io Impel itHe, Nghl
framing ihal bo tnalobod with
bee ting
altached around It to prohibit dull
penotrauon.
o
o
o
Out!
Drop#
Tenant: REGAL NAILS, S/ T nN * SPA, LLC
Store #•
All furnishings and fixtures must be removed from the space.
All electrical wires that were hard wired to fixtures and equipment must be removed back to the
panel or terminated by code in an approved electrical box secured in the wall or above the ceiling
per codes.
Flooring options are:
PVC wood-look plank flooring.
Polished concrete when Walmart sales floor is polished concrete.
White VCT when Walmart sales floor is white VCT.
All walls have a minimum 14” gypsum board from finished floor to a minimum of 4” above
ceiling (unless otherwise directed by code).
All walls have been patched and painted SW 7102 white flour (paint colors may vary, confirm
color with Landlord).
Walmart standard 4” black plastic wall base has been installed around the perimeter of the space.
Tenant will need to cap all plumbing and sanitary lines flush with the finish floor or behind
finished wall and ceiling.
Shutoff valve to the water heater, if applicable, will need to be turned to the off position or remove
the water heater and cap water supply lines behind the ceiling or wall.
Suspended ceiling system is 10'-0" AFF with 2x4 ceiling tiles ACT1 (see finish schedule below).
Ceiling grid will be standard exposed white T system, unless approved by the Walmart Services
Project Manager.
Remove all custom lighting and replace with 2x4 fluorescent light fixtures with light bulbs to
match sales floor lighting.
Emergency lighting and exit signs, if applicable are installed per code.
Minimum 100 AMP electrical panel is flush mounted on rear wall near the corner of the space.
1 10V duplex electrical receptacles have been installed at 18” AFF and 72" on center around the
perimeter of the space.
All interior partition walls have been removed from the space.
Sales floor side of wall will need to match the adjacent finishes, texture and paint color.
Install new floor base and wall guard to match existing on the sales floor side of the wall.
Ensure fire sprinkler and life safety systems are installed as required per code and Walmart
standards.
All work must meet code.
0
t
• ?
r
ST"3
£«?
1
/
' a
