4.3
4.4
4.5
4.6
4.7
Interest on Late Payments.
A.
Five percent per annum, or
(1)
(2)
The maximum amount allowed by law.
Common Area Maintenance and Utility Reimbursement Fees.
To the extent required in
the applicable Attachment A, Tenant shall pay, as additional Rent, the Common Area
Maintenance Fee and the Utility Reimbursement Fee to Landlord without offset, notice,
or demand, on a monthly basis by the Due Date, to be paid with Tenant’s payment of
Base Rent.
12
Template
Tenant shall pay to Landlord interest on any balance of Rent unpaid more than ten
(10) days following the Due Date at the prorated rate, based on a 30-day month, of the
lesser of:
Percentage Rent Payments.
To the extent required in the applicable Attachment A,
Tenant shall pay Percentage Rent to Landlord on an annual basis. Percentage Rent shall
be paid for each Calendar Year (defined as the period from January
1 to December 31).
Percentage Rent payments shall be due without offset, notice, or demand no later than
January 21st following the end of such Calendar Year.
Percentage Rent shall be payable
regardless of whether or not this Lease begins at the beginning of a Calendar Year;
provided, that upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Master Lease, Tenant
shall pay any Percentage Rent due as of the effective date of such expiration or earlier
termination.
Leased Premises Improvement Charge.
A.
If the Leased Premises for which an Attachment A is signed and attached to the
Master Lease by Landlord and Tenant is located in a newly constructed Store (including
any Attachment A that is signed and attached to the Master Lease by Landlord and
Tenant
upon
a
Store Relocation),
Tenant shall
pay
Landlord
the
Leased
Premises
Improvement Charge as described in the applicable Attachment A. Tenant shall submit
the Leased Premises Improvement Charge along with payment of the first month’s Base
Rent.
(1)
The unpaid balance is due to an error or problem with the automatic debit,
if Tenant is paying Rent through an automated clearinghouse account, and
B.
Any interest due under this provision is additional Rent, and Tenant shall pay it in
full no later than the day on which it pays the unpaid balance of Rent unless demanded
earlier by Landlord. Interest will not accrue on any unpaid balance of Rent if:
B.
No Leased Premises Improvement Charge will be assessed against Tenant for a
Leased
Premises
in
an
existing
Store
or
for
a
Leased
Premises
permanently
or
temporarily relocated in connection with Store Renovations.
Key Money.
Tenant shall pay Landlord Key Money as described in the applicable
Attachment A.
Tenant shall submit the Key Money along with payment of the first
month’s Base Rent.
