 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A11  
that may obligate us. 
7. 
Shall cooperate with us in our efforts to protect us and the other franchisees against 
trademark infringement.  You shall immediately notify us when you learn of an 
infringement or challenge to our marks or your use of the mark. 
8. 
Will not take any action whatsoever with regard to the alleged infringement or misuse 
of the Regal Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails mark beyond the reporting requirement 
contained herein. 
9. 
Will not take any action whatsoever as to a third party’s unfair competition or unfair 
trade practices without our prior knowledge and written consent. 
10. Agree to furnish such information as we may require, cooperate with us and render 
such assistance as may be requested, should we, in our sole discretion, take whatever 
action we choose to take, if any, in the event of allegations of infringement or misuse 
of the mark, acknowledging that we reserve the right to select counsel of our own 
choosing for such matters and shall retain control of any such dispute, litigation or 
proceeding.   
11. Acknowledge that Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC is not obligated to protect your right 
to the mark, nor is it obligated to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair 
competition with respect to your use of the mark. 
12. Shall not use the mark(s) as part of your corporate name or any other name, but shall 
file in the appropriate state or county recordation office(s) records of the fictitious 
business name registration, i.e., d/b/a, franchisee doing business as Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa.   
13. Shall maintain the fictitious name registration throughout the term of this agreement 
and shall execute any documents deemed necessary by us or our counsel to protect 
the mark(s) or to maintain it or their continued validity and enforceability. 
14. 
 Shall neither copyright nor trademark the name “Regal”, “Regal Nails Salon & Spa”, 
“Regal Nails”, our logos, symbols or any other item or thing associated with them.  
15. Shall submit to us, any advertisement or marketing materials, containing our mark, 
prior to publishing it. This includes publishing web-pages on social networking 
websites, blogging, posting on any forum, video sharing, and/or posting user reviews. 
16. Shall pay all expenses incurred in connection with the discontinuance of the use of the 
existing names and marks and the replacement of them with new names and marks, 
should we, from time to time, for various reasons and upon reasonable notice to you, 
elect to discontinue the use of certain names and marks, and begin to use new names 
and marks.  We shall reimburse you for the actual, reasonable, and necessary out of 
pocket costs incurred in replacing and signage or other items bearing the marks or 
names which were replaced as a result of our decision, provided that such costs are 
approved by us in advance. 
17. Shall affix a notice of trademark license, in a conspicuous location, in the salon, 
containing the following notice: 
“This salon is independently owned and operated by, [franchisee’s name] 
who is an authorized licensed user of the service marks Regal, Regal 
Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails, all of which are owned by Regal Nails, 
Salon & Spa, LLC.” 
