 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A50  
b. Plus, the number of months remaining on the agreement, multiplied by the amount 
of the Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM; and          
c. The costs of transferring telephone service, fax service, websites, yellow page 
advertising, assumed business names or d/b/a, as well as any monthly charges 
related thereto or termination charges for the foregoing services.  Less any 
successor rentals or franchise fees paid to us as a result of our efforts to mitigate 
our damages. 
E. Procedurally.  All adjunct claims or defenses must be raised in any litigation proceeding 
(excluding, however, any proceeding for eviction).  Those not properly or timely asserted shall be 
deemed waived. 
F. Limitations on Actions - Any claim must be brought or asserted before the expiration of the 
earlier of (1) the time period for bringing such action under any applicable state or federal statute 
of limitation; (2) one year after the date on which a party discovered or should have discovered 
the facts giving rise to the alleged claim; (3) one year after the first act or omission giving rise to 
the alleged claim; (4) one year following the termination of this agreement.  Notice of the claim 
shall be given to the other party within 60 days following its discovery.  You agree that this time 
period is fair, reasonable, and commercially feasible. 
G. Sole Defendant - To the extent permitted by law, the sole entity against which you may seek 
damages in law or equity is Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC, its successors and assigns.  You 
agree that the partners, managers, employees, agents and representatives of Regal Nails, Salon 
& Spa , LLC and its affiliates shall not be liable or named as a party to any litigation or other 
proceedings commenced by you where the claim arises out of this Agreement.  You also 
acknowledge and agree that each of the aforementioned are intended beneficiaries of this Section 
37 and that all claims against them that arise out of or relate to this Agreement must be resolved 
through litigation with Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC. 
H. Confidentiality - The dispute resolution proceedings contemplated by this Agreement shall be 
as confidential and private as permitted by law.  To that end, the parties agree not to disclose the 
existence, content or results of any proceedings conducted in accordance with this Section 37, 
and materials prepared or submitted in connection with such proceedings shall not be admissible 
in any other proceeding; provided, however, that this confidentiality provision shall not bar 
disclosures required by law.  The parties agree that any decision or award resulting from 
proceedings in accordance with this dispute resolution provision shall have no preclusive effect 
in any matter involving third parties. 
38. 
OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
A. Upon termination for any reason or in the event of expiration, you agree to do the following 
without delay: 
1. Return to us, our Confidential Operations Manual; 
2. Return to us all materials bearing our mark; 
3. Vacate the salon and, if we are a party tenant to the lease for the premises,return the 
premises to us “broom clean” and, if required by the lease, in “white box” condition, in lieu of 
returning the premises in a “white box” condition you may pay us $25,000.00. If we are party 
tenant to the lease for the premises and you fail to remove your personal property and/or the 
contents of the salon from the premises, then such personal property and/or salon contents 
be deemed abandoned by you, and we may dispose of such personal property and salon 
contents at our sole discretion without additional compensation to you or offset of any amounts 
owed by you to us; you shall have no expectation that such personal property and salon 
