12.1
12.2
A.
B.
12.3
12.4
Definitions. For the purposes of this Master Lease:
13.1
A.
Claim” means any action, cause of action, claim, or any other assertion of a legal
right; damages including, but not limited to, consequential, future, incidental, liquidated,
special, and punitive damages; diminution in value; fines; judgments; liabilities; losses
including, but not limited to, economic
loss and lost profits; and regulatory actions,
sanctions, or settlement payments.
Compensation.
Except as provided below, any compensation arising out of the Taking of
a Leased Premises belongs to and is the property of Landlord without any participation
by Tenant. Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord any share of any compensation arising out
of the Taking of a Leased Premises that may be awarded to Tenant and waives any rights
it may have with respect to the loss of its leasehold estate; provided, however, that Tenant
shall have the right to any compensation award relating specifically to the Improvements
or Trade Fixtures installed by Tenant.
Partial Taking.
If a Taking of only a portion of the Leased Premises, or of a Store in
which exists a Leased Premises, occurs, Landlord may either:
Reduce the Base Rent in proportion to the area of the Leased Premises affected by
the Taking until such time that portion of the Store or the Leased Premises is restored.
Terminate
this
Master
Lease,
without
liability,
as
to the
applicable
Leased
Premises; or
Article XII
Condemnation & Eminent Domain
Article XIII
Indemnity and Liability
32
Template
Total or Substantial Taking. If a Taking of a Leased Premises, or a Store in which exists
a Leased Premises, occurs, this Master Lease as to the applicable Leased Premises will
terminate automatically as of the date of the Taking.
For purposes of this Master Lease,
“Taking”
means
any
government
action
that
deprives,
directly
interferes
with,
or
substantially disturbs the use and enjoyment of the Leased Premises, any of which may
occur because of either the exercise of the power of eminent domain or condemnation or
resulting from a purchase in lieu thereof.
Temporary Use.
If a Taking of the Leased Premises occurs for temporary use, this
Master Lease will continue in full force and effect as to the applicable Leased Premises.
Tenant will continue to comply with its obligations under this Master Lease, and any
appendix, amendment, or attachment hereto, to the extent compliance is possible because
of the Taking for temporary use.
If, during the temporary Taking, Tenant is unable,
based on a commercially reasonable standard, to operate its business from the Leased
Premises such that Tenant reasonably is unable to open the Leased Premises for business,
Landlord will reduce Tenant’s Rent in proportion with the number of days the Leased
Premises is closed during the temporary Taking.
