 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A34  
We, our affiliates, and other parties we designate must be named as additional insureds on a 
primary non-contributory basis under each policy, except for policies required by statute in your 
jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance 
policies. You and your insurers must also waive rights of subrogation against us.  We may require 
additional types of coverage or increase the required minimum amount of coverage upon 
reasonable notice.  Your obligation to obtain coverage is not limited in any way by insurance that 
we maintain.  You must provide us and our designees with certificates of insurance evidencing 
the required coverage.  Your insurer(s) must commit not to cancel or amend the policy or policies 
without at least 30 days’ prior written notice to us.  If you fail to obtain and maintain insurance 
coverage as required by your Franchise Agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation, to 
obtain the required insurance on your behalf and to charge you for the cost of the insurance plus 
a reasonable fee, currently 10% of the cost for the insurance, for our services in procuring the 
insurance. We also reserve the right to impose an Insurance Maintenance Administration Fee for 
the administration of your compliance with our minimum insurance requirements, and you agree 
to pay the same to us or our designee and provide all related insurance information we or our 
designees request with respect to such administration program.   
24. 
INDEMNITY 
A. We will indemnify, defend and hold harmless you, your principals, affiliates, successors and 
assigns, from and against any reasonable and necessary expenses, arising out of any claim for 
copyright or trademark infringement or unfair competition, directly or indirectly related to your 
authorized use of our proprietary materials, the COM, or the Marks, or our actual operation in the 
conduct of the business, provided that you notify us immediately in writing upon learning of the 
claim and if we are given the opportunity, in our sole and absolute right, to control the settlement 
or defense of the claim as we so choose.  You must follow the procedures set forth in Sections 
10 and 11 to be entitled to indemnification. 
B. You agree not to settle any claim described in Section 24 A, supra, without our prior written 
consent. 
C. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our indemnities harmless and to reimburse 
us and them for all expenses for which we or they are held liable, and we or they incur in the 
defense of any claim brought against us or them, or any expenses arising out of any claim, directly 
or indirectly related to your operation of the salon, your performance or lack of performance under 
this agreement, and in any way related to your employees, even where we or our indemnitors are 
alleged to negligent or to engaged in wrongful conduct.  The amount of our contribution will be 
calculated by applying principles of comparative negligence if negligence, yours and ours jointly 
caused the expense.  You are responsible for any liability not covered by any insurance policy. 
D. You must promptly notify us of any claim by or against you, directly or indirectly, related to 
your operation of the franchise.  You must furnish us with copies of any filings in any proceeding 
involving the claim.  We have the sole and exclusive right to defend any claim against us, including 
the right to be represented by counsel of our choosing.  You agree to cooperate with us in the 
defense of any claim and not settle, compromise or otherwise dispose of any claim or proceeding 
to which we are a party or that may affect our interests without our written consent. 
E. As used in this Section 24, the word “expenses” includes all fines, taxes, suits, actions, 
proceedings, claims, damages, charges, costs, expenses, liabilities, losses, judgments, actual, 
compensatory, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages, lost profits, cost of investigation 
and proof of facts, reasonable attorneys’ fees and fees of expert witnesses (whether or not a suit 
has been filed), other litigation expenses, travel and living expenses, settlement amounts, 
compensation for damages to reputation or goodwill, costs resulting from delays, financing, costs 
of advertising material and media time/space, and costs of changing, substituting or replacing the 
