 
Disclosure Document 
45 
For locations where we are not a party to the lease, your Landlord or the Exchange, 
as applicable, may have format requirements for presentation of monthly gross sales reports. 
You should consult your lease or the ECC, as applicable, as to these requirements. 
You are responsible to ensure that your salon is compliant with all PCI data and 
payment security standards as well as any other related data security laws and regulations, 
including those protecting personally identifiable information. Further, you will indemnify and 
hold us harmless for any claims, actions, injuries, and/or damages arising out of, related to, 
or in connection with any actions or inactions by you and those under your authority for any 
failure to comply with such standards, laws, and regulations.  
Site Selection 
For locations where we are not a party tenant:  
 
The salon must be located at an approved and authorized location. You must obtain our 
consent before you lease or otherwise acquire the location. We recommend that you not select 
a site that is less than 800 sq. ft.; and we reserve the right not to approve any site smaller 
than 800 sq. ft. Further, you may not select a shopping center that has an existing or pending 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails salon. You must select, get our approval for a site, 
and secure that site within sixty days of the effective date of the franchise agreement. 
For locations where we are party tenant:  
 
Since most Regal Nails Salon & Spa® salons are located in Wal-Marts or other big box 
retailers, we make no independent studies to select sites and are not involved in determining 
where to locate the retail store or whether any particular retail store will include space for a 
nail salon.  If a site is offered to us by Wal-Mart or other big box retailer, we may lease it from 
them and then sublet it to a franchisee.  We do not control, and cannot predict, if or when we 
may be offered a site, if at all.  Nor do we have input in or control over the timing of any site 
development.  We have no responsibility or liability to you for selection or offer of the site.  We 
are informed of possible sites by the retailer themselves.  We may inform you of a particular 
planned site in an area of interest to you (which is called the “General Vicinity” in your Site 
Deposit Addendum).  If we have received your Application Fee and approved you as a 
franchisee and you have provided us with the $25,000 Initial Franchise Fee (see Item 5 of this 
disclosure document), a signed Franchise Agreement, a Site Deposit Addendum, and related 
documents, including the Confidentiality Agreement (Refer to Exhibit A of this disclosure 
document), we’ll attempt to lease that site from Wal-Mart or other similar big box retailer.  We’ll 
tell you whether that site is in a High Cost Area, is an Existing Location or has been designated 
as being in an affluent area. If we are able to lease space for your salon at that selected site, 
then we’ll offer it to you.  After you have accepted an offered site, subject to confirmation by 
the landlord/prime lessor, we will pay you a refund only if we are unable to obtain a Lease for 
that site or to lease another site acceptable to you (Refer to the Site Deposit Addendum, which 
is Part 2 to the Franchise Agreement, and Item 5 of this disclosure document for full details 
about conditions for a refund); your Application Fee is non-refundable under all 
circumstances.  Upon your acceptance of the site, you must pay us a $45,000 Confirmation 
Fee for a location in the 50 U.S. states or in Puerto Rico.  If you fail to pay the required 
Confirmation Fee, you will not receive any refunds and we can terminate the Franchise 
Agreement upon notice to you and without having any liability to you. If you paid both the initial 
franchise fee and the confirmation fee but subsequently decide to not open the salon, then 
you will not receive any refund and we can terminate the Franchise Agreement upon notice 
to you without having any liability to you. The time period between the signing of our Franchise 
Agreement and grand opening averages about 1 to 2 years.  The contractors who must build 
