 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A2 
 
reserve the right to designate the categories applicable to this Private Brand Product purchase 
requirement and will communicate them to you in writing. 
For Wal-Mart locations, the 2009 MLA imposes a performance covenant specific to each 
location and stated in leased premises’ Attachment A; Wal-Mart reserves the right to terminate 
a lease to a specific location if the performance covenant is not met. 
5. TERM 
A. If we are a party tenant to the lease of the premises, the term of the Franchise Agreement 
will begin on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, expires with the term of the lease to the premises. See Section 50 for current 
term; the term as listed in Section 50 is controlling. In certain circumstances, the landlord may 
have reserved the right to terminate a lease with or without notice. In the event that the 
landlord for any reason terminates the lease to the premises of the salon, then our franchise 
and sublease with you also terminates without liability to us. For Walmart locations, on 
extension or renewal of the lease the landlord has a right to terminate a the lease without 
cause on 90-days’ notice. 
If by the time that this Franchise Agreement is executed and the term, commencement date, 
and/or expiration date have yet to be determined, a Franchise Commencement Agreement 
shall be executed by us and you upon the determination of the term, commencement date, 
and/or expiration date. The Franchise Commencement Agreement will memorialize certain 
terms and conditions that have yet to be determined such as the Franchise Agreement term, 
the commencement date, the expiration date, the estimated square footage of the salon, 
and/or the monthly amounts due, all of which terms are incorporated by reference and made 
a part hereof. In the event that the parties fail to execute a Franchise Commencement 
Agreement and the expiration of the Franchise is not listed in the Franchise Agreement, then 
the term will begin on the Effective Date and will expire on the expiration of the initial term of 
the underlying lease for the Salon premises.  
If we are not a party tenant to the lease to the premises, the term of the Franchise Agreement 
begins on the Effective Date and expires with the term of the lease to the premises; we require 
that the term of your lease be 5 years but do reserve the right to approve a lease to a premises 
or the location itself if the term of your lease is less than 5 years. See Section 50 for current 
term; the term as listed in Section 50 is controlling. 
For Wal-Mart locations in the US: the initial term of your Franchise Agreement begins on the 
Effective Date and continues through the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary 
of the Payment Commencement Date occurs; provided that, if the last day of the month in 
which the fifth anniversary occurs falls between July 2nd and December 31st, the initial term 
expires on the 31st day of January of the next calendar year. In some instances where Wal-
Mart has granted an extension to the lease for longer than 5 years, the expiration date provide 
by Wal-Mart is the final expiration date and will not be extended to January 31 of the next 
calendar year. Generally, each of the two successor three-year or five-year mutual options 
expires three years or five years, respectively, after the prior term ends, unless sooner 
terminated pursuant to the terms of this agreement. See Section 50 for current term; the term 
as listed in Section 50 is controlling. Additionally, Wal-Mart has reserved the right to terminate 
a lease to a particular location as a result of a relocation or remodeling of the Wal-Mart store 
or a change in Wal-Mart’s business strategy, and at its sole discretion; upon such lease 
termination by Wal-Mart for the foregoing reasons only, this Franchise Agreement and related 
sublease under the Sublease Schedule, will also simultaneously terminate, without any fault 
or liability to you or us.  
