 
 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A62  
the QAMs for the next 6 months, only English spoken in front of your salon customers, 
participation in local charitable programs, maintaining a cordial relationship with the landlord’s 
store manager, etc. 
Manual(s) – Generally refers to our Confidential Operations Manual. It is a loose leaf publication, 
under constant revision and contains lists or many useful procedures, actions to avoid, contacts, 
trade secrets, tips on using our marks and other things, which distinguish our franchise from 
others.  
Mark – A shortened expression referring to a trade or service mark. The word does not distinguish 
between a mark which has been registered or one pending registration on the principal register 
of the USPTO.  
Non-Renewal – The ending of our franchise relationship, at the end of the Franchise Agreement’s 
stated term. 
P. L. – As used in this publication, PL is an abbreviated form of public liability insurance. These 
policies protect the general public from harm, caused by your actions or inaction. 
Principal - One who owns 1/3 or more of the franchise who thereby assumes all the privileges 
and duties of the franchisee. 
QAMs – Quality Assurance Managers – We have five who will visit our salons and assist you with 
any problems you may have QAMS will point out things, which need to be corrected. They will 
assist in their correction. QAMs visit each salon, on average, four times a year.  
Renewal – The grant of an option for a two year period following the expiration of your current 
Franchise Agreement. The terms are more likely to change during the option period. 
R.N. – An abbreviation for Regal Nails, LLC 
RNS&S – An abbreviation for Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC. 
Standards – We expect you to operate your salon, in the same manner, generally, as do all our 
other franchisees.  
Sublease Schedule – The Sublease Schedule is a part of the Franchise Agreement but applies 
only in the event we are a tenant party to your salon premises and sublease the premises to you.  
The Sublease Schedule grants sublease rights to you and governs the terms of that sublease 
along with other terms related to your lease set forth in the Franchise Agreement.   
Successor Franchise Agreement – Is an agreement, generally in use at some future date, for a 
new franchise term.   
Termination – The ending of the Franchise Agreement prior to its stated term, resulting in 
cancellation of your rights under the Franchise Agreement.  
Trade Secret – A compilation of information, amassed at great expense, acquired over time, 
unique to our business, and gained through experience, which gives you advantages over your 
competition and facilitates the operation of your salon. 
White Box Condition – Return (at the Franchisee’s expense) of the premises to a vanilla shell, 
including but not limited to the removal of unwanted improvements, the capping and placement 
of pipes and plumbing into drywall, drywall repair, painting, and removal of custom flooring and 
replacement with landlord’s desired flooring.  
WM – An abbreviation for Wal-Mart.  
 
