 
Disclosure Document 
51 
the “Regal Nails” brand, most of which also operate in Wal-Mart centers.  On April 1, 2006, 
we assumed Regal Nails, LLC’s rights and obligations under certain of its salon subleases 
and license agreements for Regal Nails® Salons.  Refer to Items 1 and 20 and Exhibits I and 
J of this disclosure document.  Our affiliate, Alfalfa, also sells nail polishes, furniture, salon 
equipment, and other related salon items/products, which bear the “Regal” brand and other 
brands, to customers located anywhere, which may include competitors of yours.  
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
 
We grant to you the right to operate under the trade name “Regal Nails Salon & 
Spa” to designate your Regal Nails Salon & Spa® franchise.  A reproduction of the Regal Nails 
Salon & Spa® commercial mark appears on the cover sheet of this disclosure document. We 
may develop additional or alter our existing commercial symbols and trademarks for use in 
connection with the franchise business. Renewing Regal Nails franchisees, whose Franchise 
Agreements we acquired from Regal Nails, will sign a renewal Franchise Agreement in the 
form attached to this disclosure document, but the Franchise Agreement gives them the right 
to continue to operate under the Regal Nails marks and signs if they wish to do so. 
Our “Regal Nails Salon & Spa” service mark, printed and stylized, was registered on 
the Principal Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) on July 
24, 2007, registration number 3,270,108 (a standard character and design mark 
), and on November 6, 2007, registration number 3,329,407 (a standard 
character mark). On April 1, 2008, the “Regal Nails” service mark was assigned to us by our 
affiliate Regal Nails, LLC; its registration numbers on the Principal Register is 3,311,350 
(registration date October 16, 2007) and on the Supplemental Register is 2,443,591 
(registration date April 10, 2001). The “Regal” mark, registration number 3,715,059, was 
registered on the Principal Register of the USPTO on November 24, 2009. 
There is no pending litigation concerning the Regal Nails Salon &Spa marks, Regal 
Nails, Regal marks. We have entertained no settlements or agreements concerning their use. 
No one has superior rights to ours concerning the use of the marks. We have no definitive 
obligation to protect your rights to use the marks against claim of infringement or unfair 
competition. 
Currently, there are no effective material determinations of the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of 
any state or any court, nor are there any pending: infringement; opposition or cancellation 
proceedings; or material litigation involving the trademark.  There are no infringing uses 
actually known to us that could materially affect your use of this trademark in this state. We 
have filed all required affidavits and the marks listed above have all been renewed, as 
applicable. 
Regal Nails, LLC had licensed third parties to operate salons under the Regal Nails 
mark.  As of March 1, 2008, these “third parties” continue to operate salons under the Regal 
Nails mark but are now our franchisees. As of April 1, 2008, all the Regal Nails marks were 
assigned to us. All necessary affidavits have been filed. 
 
You must notify us immediately of any apparent or actual infringement of, or challenge to 
your use of the trademarks, or any claim by any person of any rights in the trademarks.  We 
have an exclusive right to control any settlement, litigation or proceeding arising out of or 
related to the trademarks.  We are not obligated to protect your right to the mark, or protect 
