1.
Conduct their business with customers, clients, and suppliers with complete honesty and integrity.
2.
4.
At no time represent themselves as H-E-B employees, represent H-E-B, or speak for H-E-B
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
Conduct business in compliance with all laws and regulations of the nation and of every community in
which it operates.
Exhibit professional behavior and refrain from acting in any manner that may be deemed unprofessional,
lewd, or awkward to passers-by
Refrain from harassing, badgering, or otherwise pressuring or confronting
customers or H-E-B Partners
Maintain a professional and businesslike appearance. This to include wearing name badges with employee
name and company name at all times while representing Licensee.
Misapplication or misappropriation of property
such
as
misuse or diversion of product, incorrectly
recording, reporting, or securing merchandise, or unauthorized removal or consumption of property.
Maintain a safe work environment which discourages carelessness and negligence, and encourages the use
of all safety devices and practices.
Avoid any circumstance or situation that benefits, or appears to benefit, an HEB Partner whether through
personal gain, involving a business transaction, gift, favor, or other consideration that can or does appear to
result in the personal enrichment of the Partner, his or her family, or friends.
Abstain from or the use or influence of alcohol, illegal drugs, or any other intoxicants during work or on
H-E-B property while representing Licensee.
EXHIBIT F
Standards of Conduct
21
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center DevelopmentUnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
The necessity for establishing certain basic guidelines which must be followed by In Store Licensees
regarding behavior of Licensees, their employees, partners, contractors, agents, and suppliers, serves a
two-fold purpose. First, it will inform you of H-E-B’s expectation for professional behavior and customer
service.
Secondly, it will assure both H-E-B and Licensees of uniformity of such behavior and service
throughout the various businesses within the
store, which will
provide a more
pleasant shopping
experience for all customers.
HEB reserves the right to modify and amend this Standards of Conduct
from time to time as necessary.
12.
Report accidents, property damage, safety issues, theft, or complaints to the Manager in Charge at the time
they occur or are observed.
1 1 .
Prohibit the possession, carrying or storing any weapons, firearms, or harmful devices on H-E-B premises
including parking areas unless specifically approved in writing by the Director of Loss Prevention.
In Store Licensees, their employees, partners, contractors, agents,
and suppliers shall
abide by the
standards of conduct set forth below. These standards of conduct include, but are not limited to:
10.
Respect the confidentiality of information
regarding the
HEB
store operations,
and
shall
not
seek
unauthorized access to confidential information, or disclose confidential information to any party not
authorized to receive it.
