 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A42  
5. 
Upon qualification of transferee, we must receive from you and transferee a Bill of Sale 
and an Assignment Assumption Agreement in a form acceptable to us, both of which 
must be approved and signed (and in the case of the Bill of Sale, notarized) by both you 
and transferee;  
6. 
You and transferee execute our required documentation and transferee pays a $1,000 
transfer fee; 
7. 
Copies of all the transfer documentation are sent to us for our approval; 
8. 
You transfer to us or to transferee any and all Websites, Internet pages, listings, 
accounts, and domain names you own or control related to the Franchise, as well as all 
social media accounts (including accounts where any username or online activity is 
related to the Franchise);  
9. 
Transferee attends the next regularly scheduled Regal Nails, Salon & Spa training 
session, pays any pro rata prepaid expenses due; and 
10. If permitted by local law, you must execute a general release and we authorize the 
transfer. See Exhibit A, Part 4. 
C. With our prior permission, you may assign this Agreement and all rights hereunder to a 
corporation or other legal entity in which you have, at least, a one-third equity position, whose 
activities are confined exclusively to acting as a Regal Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails 
franchisee. You remain liable for the original obligations successor to the transfer and are relieved 
of no liability. There is a $500 fee for this service. 
D. You may not pledge either the franchise or the salon as security for a debt, loan, sell or transfer 
more than one-third of it without our written consent. 
E. Depending upon applicable state law, should you die or become disabled, your administrator, 
executor, tutor, guardian or personal representative shall have no longer than six months to 
assign this franchise to a person qualified to operate a Regal Nails Salon & Spa or Regal Nails 
franchise.  If no personal representative is appointed or designated within the six-month period or 
no probate or guardianship proceeding instituted with respect to the estate of the franchisee, then 
the franchise shall be terminated by us.  Any heir or distributee of the franchisee must be approved 
by us.  Should the distributee not be approved, the distributee shall transfer such interest to a 
third party approved by us, within six months following the death or disability of the franchisee.  In 
the event that your state’s manicurist’s licensing board imposes a shorter time period, then the 
time prescribed by that board shall supersede the foregoing.  No transfer fee shall be imposed. 
F. If you must dispose of your salon, you may contact us to have your location added to a sales 
list. If an inquiry is made for your location, the potential buyer will be re-directed to you. 
G. Upon approval of the transfer by us, you must abide by the noncompetition covenants set forth 
in Section 33.  
H. You acknowledge that the purposes of the foregoing restrictions are to protect our mark, trade 
secrets and operating techniques of Regal Nails, Salon & Spa; to protect our reputation, image 
and goodwill and that these restrictions are for your benefit, as well as our other franchisees. 
I. 
This agreement and all its rights and duties hereunder may be freely assigned by us, in whole 
or in part, without your consent and in our sole discretion to any person or legal entity that agrees 
to assume our obligations hereunder, including a competitor of ours, and shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns, including, without limitation, any entity 
which acquires all or a portion of our membership units or any entity resulting from or participating 
in a merger, consolidation, or reorganization in which Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC is involved 
