 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A25  
the landlord or your customers, or an excessive number of failed inspections, you will be 
required to attend a retraining course.  Regal Nails, Salon & Spa, LLC shall be the sole judge 
of what number will be deemed excessive.  Failure to re-attend the training course is a cause 
for termination of your franchise. 
D.  You must re-attend the training course if two claims within three years have been filed 
against you and/or your salon. You must re-attend training within 90 days of our knowledge 
of the second claim. Failure to re-attend the training course is a cause for termination of your 
franchise. 
E. You must re-attend the training course prior the renewal of your franchise. 
F. This training does not include performing manicures, pedicures, and related services. In 
order to perform manicures, pedicures, and related services in your state, you must obtain the 
necessary licenses. These licenses require attendance at a state-approved facility that will 
teach and educate you about manicures, pedicures, related services and related topics, such 
as sanitation and prohibited techniques. It is your own responsibility to obtain the state-specific 
required hours of education and practice to obtain and maintain all necessary licenses. 
20. DECOR, FURNITURE, FIXTURES, EQUIPMENT, INITIAL INVENTORY AND 
 
REPLACEMENT INVENTORY 
You acknowledge and agree that: 
A. 
We have furnished you an attractively decorated salon, finished in the distinctive 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa style, complete, as described in the Snow White Package.  You will 
furnish, maintain and display current licenses as required by law. 
 
B. 
You may not change the decor of your salon or re-style it.  You will maintain it as 
prescribed in the COM, ensuring its cleanliness, attractive appearance and the proper 
functioning of all equipment.  Further, if we, or the landlord if we are a party tenant to the lease 
to the premises, request and you have not done so within the last three years, you must 
remodel according to our specifications, plans and timeline. Furthermore, prior to renewal, if 
we request so, you must remodel according to our specifications, plans, and timeline. Also, 
we reserve the right to condition a transfer approval on your or, at our discretion, your buyer’s 
remodel of the salon according to our specifications, plans and timeline. Upon request, you 
must provide us with photographs, as directed by us, of your fully remodeled salon as 
evidence of completion and compliance with our specifications. 
C. 
Your salon came equipped with all the furniture, fixtures and equipment described 
in the Snow White Package, which is specially designed and well suited for a 400 square foot 
salon.  You will order replacement and additional furnishings, only through us or our designee. 
All furniture, fixtures, equipment, and decorative items must be purchased from Alfalfa Nail 
Supply, Inc. 
D. 
The Snow White Package contains a basic inventory of all that is required to begin 
the operation of your salon. If any additional inventory is required prior to the commencement 
of salon operations, you will purchase them before opening. Except for REGAL or REGAL 
NAILS branded, our proprietary products, and/or private brand products (collectively, “Private 
Brand Products”), you are not required to purchase additional and replacement inventory 
from a required source. With respect to Private Brand Products, for each category of Private 
Brand Products we make available to you for purchase, whether directly or through designated 
suppliers, one half (50%) of your inventory for such category of items (for example, nail polish, 
nail powder, or otherwise) must consist of Private Brand Product items.  We reserve the right 
to designate the categories applicable to this Private Brand Product purchase requirement 
