 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A13  
spent a great amount of time (eight years) and money developing it.  The COM is based on 
its experience in dealing with our franchisees, 100,000s of customers and Wal-Mart.  It 
supports the operation of our franchisees in the 50 U.S. States and Puerto Rico. 
E. You will use the COM only in the operation of your franchise and for no other purpose.  
You will not otherwise use or disclose of the information contained in the COM, or reproduce 
it. 
F. You will comply with the mandatory guidelines and standards contained in the COM, agree 
that they are reasonable, and agree to exert your best efforts to achieve the goals and 
standards set forth in the COM. 
G. To enhance the reputation and our goodwill with the public, we, from time to time may 
add, amend, delete, or modify the COM and / or create additional manuals to supplement or 
to improve the System, our reputation, efficiency, quality and competitiveness.  When 
changes are made to the COM, you will conform to those mandatory changes, acknowledging 
that such changes may or may not be made with advance notice.  Should these changes be 
issued in loose-leaf form, you agree to accept and insert those changes into your COM and 
to adhere to their guidance.  You shall keep your COM current and up to date.  In the event 
of any dispute as to the contents thereof, the terms and conditions of the master copy 
maintained by Regal Nails, Salon & Spa at our registered office shall be controlling. 
H. You agree to operate your business in conformance with the mandatory provisions of the 
COM and its changes.  You acknowledge and agree that these publications are designed to 
protect Regal Nails, Salon & Spa’s standards, systems, names, marks and not to control the 
day to day operation of your salon.  
I. 
Fines and penalties, from $25 to $500 per violation, even leading to the loss of your 
franchise, may ensue for failure to follow the COM or consistent failure to achieve its goals 
and standards.  When fines are assessed against you, you agree to pay those fines not later 
than 30 days following presentation of a statement. 
J. You will notify us immediately when you learn of an unauthorized use of our COM.  We 
have no obligation to take any action, but will respond to your report as we deem appropriate.  
You will take no action concerning the unauthorized use, other than to notify us and to provide 
your assistance and cooperation. 
K. We, in our sole discretion, may decide what action to take, if any, in the event of 
infringement of its copyright or proprietary information and we reserve the right to retain 
counsel of our choice for such matters and to control the conduct of any such dispute, litigation 
or proceeding.  You agree to cooperate in our efforts and to provide us with any information 
and assistance required. 
L. We are not obligated to protect your right to use our copyrighted materials or proprietary 
information or to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition with respect 
to your use of our copyrighted or proprietary information. 
M. You will hold us harmless from any and all liability, loss, costs or damages, including 
attorney’s fees, which we may suffer as a result of claims, demands or judgments arising from 
(a) your abuse, appropriation, or misuse of our copyrights or proprietary information, (b) from 
your performance or non-performance of this agreement, or (c) your failure to cease your use 
of our copyrights or proprietary information which required or otherwise requested to do so.  
N. You shall not directly or indirectly contest our right to any of our copyrights, trade secrets 
or proprietary information or business techniques that are part of our business.  
O. You will not file or otherwise seek copyright protection of any of our copyrighted materials, 
