 
Exhibit C-3 – Rider to Lease 
 
C7 
4.3 
Tenant shall remain liable to Landlord for all of its obligations under the Lease, 
notwithstanding any assignment of the Lease to RNSS.  RNSS shall be entitled to recover 
from Tenant all amounts it pays to bring the day spa back to current standards. 
4.4 
Prior to taking possession of the Premises pursuant to its rights under this Rider to 
Lease, RNSS will deliver to Landlord an assumption of the Tenant’s right and obligation, 
expressly excluding any prior defaults that Tenant has failed to cure, under the Lease.  
RNSS will pay, perform and be bound by all of the duties and obligations of the Lease 
applicable to Tenant, except that RNSS may elect not to assume or be bound by the terms 
of any amendment to the Lease executed by Tenant without obtaining RNSS’s prior written 
approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
4.5 
After RNSS assumes Tenant’s interest in the Lease, RNSS will not be subject to any 
provision of the Lease that requires the Tenant to continuously operate a business in the 
Premises during any period that the business in the Premises is closed for remolding or 
while the RNSS is seeking to obtain and train a new franchisee to operate a franchised 
business in the Premises. 
4.6 
After RNSS assumes Tenant’s interests in the Lease, RNSS may, without Landlord’s 
consent, sublet the Premises to a franchisee of RNSS provided that RNSS remains primarily 
liable under the Lease. 
4.7 
After RNSS assumes Tenant’s interest in the Lease, RNSS may, without Landlord’s 
consent, assign this Lease to a new franchisee. After such assignment, new franchisee shall 
assume the payment of rent and the performance of Tenant’s duties and obligations under 
the Lease.  RNSS may also, with the prior written consent of Landlord, assign without 
recourse its rights under the Lease.  Upon receipt by Landlord of an assumption agreement 
pursuant to which such franchisee agrees to assume the Lease and to observe the terms, 
conditions and agreements on the part of Tenant to be performed under the Lease, RNSS 
shall be released from all liability as tenant under the Lease accruing after the date of the 
effective date of the assignment. 
4.8 
Tenant may not sublet the Premises to a third party without the express and written 
approval of RNSS. Landlord agrees not to allow Tenant to sublet the Premises to a third 
party without the express and written approval of RNSS. At RNSS’s option, RNSS may 
terminate the franchise agreement if Tenant sublets the Premises. 
4.9 
Tenant may not assign any of its interest in the Lease to a third party without the 
express and written approval of RNSS, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Landlord 
agrees not to allow Tenant to assign any of its interest in the Lease to a third party without 
the express and written approval of RNSS. RNSS may withhold approval if Tenant’s 
prospective assignee does not assume Tenant’s rights and obligations under the franchise 
agreement and/or does not meet RNSS’s qualifications for a franchisee.   
4.10 
If the Lease or Franchise Agreement for the Premises is terminated for any reason 
and RNSS does not exercise its option to assume the Lease, Tenant and/or its assignee 
agrees, upon written demand by RNSS, to promptly remove signs, décor and other items 
which RNSS reasonably requests be removed as being distinctive and indicative of the 
Regal trademarks and trade dress.  RNSS may enter upon the Premises without being guilty 
of trespass or tort to effect such de-identification if Tenant and/or its assignee fails to do so 
within ten (10) days after receipt of written demand from RNSS.  Tenant and its assignee 
shall pay RNSS for its reasonable cost and expenses, including but not limited to legal 
expenses, in effecting de-identification.  RNS shall defend, indemnify and hold Landlord 
harmless from and against any claims arising from RNSS’s de-identification of the Premises. 
