 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A36  
26. 
ADVERTISING 
A. Although we offer no advertising program and currently have no advertising fund to which you 
are required to contribute, but reserve the right to do so. In the meantime, there are certain 
requirements and standards imposed for your advertisements.  They are: 
1. You may neither publish nor air any advertising that contain our marks or logos without 
identifying yourself as a franchisee, that disclaims that the marks and logos are 
trademarks owned by us, and that disclaims that any and all offers on the advertising is 
only valid at participating locations (if the only participating location is your own, then you 
must state that it is valid only at your specific location). 
2. No advertising shall contain any modified or derivative versions of our marks and/or logos 
or any untruths or any material which, in our sole judgment, is deemed to be in bad taste 
or inconsistent with our public image. 
3. Prior to publishing or posting on a website with our marks, you must submit it to us for 
our approval. This includes publishing web-pages on social networking websites, 
blogging, posting on any forum, video sharing, and/or posting user reviews. Unless 
specifically authorized by us in writing; at all times you agree not to use Regal Nails, or 
any derivative or confusingly similar term thereof, as a part of any username, account 
name, or unauthorized email address. 
4. You must follow the general guidelines concerning the use of our logos, marks and names 
as set forth in Section 10, supra. 
5. Advertising and press releases, containing Wal-Mart’s name must be approved by Wal-
Mart. 
6. We may assist you with setting up a social media account, such as Facebook, but you must 
comply with the guidelines set forth in the COM. You remain responsible and liable for all 
content posted by you on the social media pages.  
There is no guarantee nor should there be any expectation by you that you will derive, directly or 
indirectly, any benefit or proceeds from any advertising or marketing assistance provided by us in 
any medium or platform. 
B. If and when we determine to form a System Advertising Fund, we will notify you. We or our 
designee will administer the System Advertising Fund as follows: 
1. As provided in Section 8 G, you agree to pay us a System Advertising Fund Contribution 
which, combined with the contributions made by other Regal Nails Salon & Spa and Regal 
Nails & Spa franchisees, will constitute the System Advertising Fund (or the “Fund”).  
2 
We will direct all advertising programs, with sole control over the creative concepts, 
materials and media used in such programs, and the placement and allocation of Fund 
advertising. You acknowledge that the Fund is intended to further general public 
recognition and acceptance of the Proprietary Marks for the benefit of the Regal Nails 
Salon & Spa and Regal Nails & Spa Systems. You further acknowledge that we and our 
designees undertake no obligation in administering the Fund to make expenditures for you 
which are equivalent or proportionate to your contributions, to ensure that any particular 
franchisee benefits directly or pro rata from the placement of advertising or to ensure that 
any advertising impacts or penetrates your Territory. The Fund is not a trust and we are 
not a fiduciary with respect to the Fund. 
3. The Fund may be used to meet any and all costs of administering, directing, preparing, 
placing and paying for national, regional or local advertising, promotions and public 
