 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A23  
5. Lend you a copy of the COM, for the duration of this agreement, 
6. Teach you the Regal Nails, Salon & Spa System at our training session. 
7. When the salon is complete, we will equip, furnish, decorate, stock and test the salon. 
B. Grand Opening Assistance – We will: 
1.   Assist you in opening the salon on Grand Opening day, even though we have no control 
over your or others’ contractors and their sub-contractors and are not liable to you for 
their actions, inactions, or delays. 
2.   Train you and your manager as set forth in Section 19, infra, and as described in Item 
11 of the disclosure document. 
3.  Obtain a CGL and PL and limited Property insurance policy, naming you as the insured, 
and naming ourselves as additional insureds. If your Landlord requires to be listed as 
an additional insured, we will contact the agent for the policy about adding your Landlord 
as an additional insured, provided that you inform us of such requirement in writing. If 
the Lease requires limits exceeding the policy limits, we will contact the agent to meet 
such limits, provided that you inform us in writing. For locations that we are a party tenant 
to the lease, we will have the landlord listed as additional insured.  
4.   If you so request, we will offer whatever assistance we deem reasonable, in our 
discretion, to help you meet your Grand Opening Date but we will have no responsibility 
or liability for delays or your failure to meet the Grand Opening Date. 
5.  Replace defective Snow White Package materials or equipment, upon notice and within 
the one year limited warranty period. At our option, we may accept the return of a non-
defective item, however, such return will be subject to a 30% restocking fee. 
C. 
Subsequent to your Grand Opening, we shall: 
1. Provide onsite periodic quality assurance inspections and furnish you with a written copy 
of the quality assurance manager’s report. Onsite quality assurance inspections may be 
suspended during events of Force Majeure or when conditions outside of Regal’s control 
negatively impacted its ability to provide such inspections in a timely and lawful manner 
or without affecting the health or safety of those conducting the inspections. 
2.  Issue warnings and/or fines to you for deficiencies. You must pay the total amount of the 
fines within 30 days of receipt of your statement. 
3.  Enhance your ability to meet the standards of the COM by means of these quality 
assurance inspections.  These standards and goals are for your benefit, since they will 
keep you from making inadvertent errors, which could injure you, your patrons, other 
tenants, the public and the environment.  See Section 28.  
4.   Guarantee the satisfaction and performance of all our products for one year. 
5.   Share methods and procedures learned from other Regal Nails Salon & Spa franchisees, 
which have proven to be of merit. 
6.   Make available to you any assistance offered to our other franchisees. 
7. Provide additional aid and assistance, upon request, if within our ability to do so, as 
commercially reasonable. 
8.  Introduce new products and techniques to keep you abreast of the latest styles and 
fashions. 
