 
Disclosure Document 
50 
you have no right to exclude, control or impose conditions on the location of present or future 
Regal Nails Salon & Spa® (or any other brand) businesses or distribution channels of any 
type, franchised or company-owned, regardless of their location or proximity to the Territory.  
We reserve all other rights.  You, we, our Affiliates and any Regal Nails Salon & Spa®, Regal 
Nails® and Regal Nails & Spa® business may solicit customers located anywhere through 
any channel of distribution.  
 
You are free to solicit customers from anywhere, subject to the restrictions of the landlord 
of the salon premises. You may sell only services and goods that we specify in our COM or 
otherwise from time to time and those allowed by the lease or other agreement to your 
premises. Therefore you are free to use other channels available to solicit customers for your 
services. However, you must receive our advance approval of your ads, whatever channel of 
advertising, marketing or solicitation you use. 
 
We remain free to solicit customers for our franchises, by any means available, through 
any channel of distribution. 
 
Alfalfa, which sells products and accessories, remains free to solicit customers for its 
products anywhere, including within your Territory, by any means available, through any 
channel of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct 
marketing sales. You will receive no compensation for any sales made by Alfalfa within your 
Territory.   
Your Territory will not be moved or altered unless the landlord moves or remodels the 
big box retail store or shopping center in which your salon is located in.  You may relocate 
with the applicable big box store or super center if it moves and has available space for the 
salon and a lease to the new premises is secured for the salon.  If the big box retail store or 
shopping center where your salon is located is closed and the Lease for your salon is 
terminated, then your Franchise Agreement is also terminated and neither of us have any 
liability for the termination or closure.  Continuation of your Territory is not dependent upon 
your achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration or other criteria; however, 
certain landlords may review your sales volume to determine if you are a benefit to their 
customers. If the landlord moves or remodels its store or shopping center, you may have the 
option to move with it or to remodel, as required, at your sole cost. These costs could run from 
$25,000 to $50,000 in a Wal-Mart location, and may cost almost double in other big box 
retailers and shopping centers. If the big box retail store or shopping center has an available 
space for the salon after the expansion, remodel, or move, and you choose not to move or 
remodel, if necessary, with it, then your Franchise Agreement shall end with no liability on our 
part. Ultimately the landlord to the premises has the final decision on whether it provides a 
premises for you after it relocates, remodels, or otherwise renovates its store; if the landlord 
determines that a space is not available to you after it relocates, remodels or otherwise 
renovates its store, then the Franchise Agreement shall also terminate upon notice to you 
without liability to either of us for the termination or closure. 
If you qualify and are in compliance with the Franchise Agreement, including the 
mandatory provisions of the COM, we can choose to award you an additional franchise on the 
same basis as we then sell franchises to other applicants.  You have no options, rights of first 
refusal or other right to any additional franchise.  
 
We have not established, and have no current plans to establish, other franchises or 
company owned salons in your Territory or to create another channel of distribution selling or 
leasing similar products or services under a different trademark in your Territory.  However, 
you must understand that our affiliate, Regal Nails, LLC has licensed similar businesses under 
