 
Exhibit A – Franchise Agreement                                                                                                          A39  
recommendations of your insurer, the safety rules of your state board, and those contained in the 
COM.  You should become familiar with first aid and CPR and keep a first aid kit at hand.  You 
acknowledge that safety concerns more than cuts and nicks from manicures and pedicures, but 
also access to fire exits, handling and storage of flammables, means of access and egress, 
knowledge of the location of fire alarms, fire extinguishers, emergency lights and knowledge of 
the things one must do in an emergency.   
B. It is important to both of us that accidents be prevented.  You agree that: 
1. Sanitary condition of your salon is of utmost priority. You shall maintain your salon in a 
clean and sanitary manner, including sterilizing not only your tools but also your pedicure 
spas. This will not only help prevent infections but also promote the Regal Nails Salon & 
Spa or Regal Nails reputation and goodwill in manner consistent with the high quality 
standards associated with the system and the marks. 
2. Credo or other razor-type tools will not be present in your salon. 
3.  When accidents occur, the injured must be treated promptly and in accordance with first 
aid procedures.   
4.  All accidents must be reported immediately.  Forms for reporting accidents are contained 
in the COM.  Send the reports to us in a timely manner.  We shall forward them to the 
insurer. 
5.  For medical emergencies, you must keep on hand at least a first aid kit, liquid bandages, 
a visible, charged fire extinguisher and have a telephone to call for medical assistance. 
6.  You agree to follow and comply with all safety bulletins, local ordinances, orders, programs 
and regulations necessary for the reasonable safety of those in and around your salon.  
Other safety instructions which you agree to follow are those in the Tenant Handbook if 
we are a party tenant to the lease, recommendations of the insurer, and manufacturers’ 
warnings on appliances, rules of your state board, your fire marshal and those contained 
in the COM.   
7. State fire marshal’s issue detailed regulations on the handling and storage of flammables 
and other dangerous chemicals, with which you will comply.  
8. State boards of cosmetology have proscriptions against assorted chemicals and other 
products, which they have determined to be dangerous or harmful.  You agree to become 
familiar with the rules of your state board and to strictly follow their guidance concerning 
those chemicals and products. 
9. You will not reuse disposable, single use items, such as buffers, files, toe separators, 
slippers, gloves, etc. and other items of that nature. These items may be purchased from 
any supply house, but we recommend Alfalfa Nails Supply. 
28. 
QUALITY ASSURANCE TECHNIQUES  
A. You agree to allow us to inspect your salon and the premises in and about it during normal 
business hours or at any other reasonable time.  Our visits will not unduly disrupt your business. 
The inspections are made to assist you in meeting our standards and to ensure system wide 
standardization and uniformity.  We will inspect the premises in and around your salon, equipment 
and operations to ensure conformity with the lease to the premises if we a party tenant, the COM 
and this Franchise Agreement, see that adequate maintenance has been performed; that prompt 
repair or replacement of unserviceable or malfunctioning items are made; that you are providing 
service in  clean, attractive facilities and décor that does not detract from the Regal brand; that 
you are in compliance with the Landlord’s standards and goals as well as ours; that the mark is 
