14.5
14.6
14.7
15.1
15.2
Failure to comply with this Article XV is a material breach of this Master Lease.
15.3
Mutual Waiver of Subrogation.
Landlord and Tenant each hereby release the other from
all liability or responsibility to the other or to any other party claiming through or under
them by way of subrogation or otherwise or for any loss or damage to property caused by
casualty that is customarily insured under a Causes of Loss - Special Form insurance
policy or that is due to flood, earthquake, or terrorism.
This mutual waiver applies only
to Damage or Injury to Tenant’s business property, Improvements, betterments, or Trade
Fixtures within any of the Leased Premises occurring during the time when Tenant’s
business
property,
Improvements,
betterments,
or Trade
Fixtures within
any of the
Leased Premises are covered under a Causes of Loss - Special Form insurance policy or
are due to flood, earthquake, or terrorism for which Tenant has insurance coverage.
Breach.
Failure to procure and maintain the insurance required under this Article XIV
and the attached Appendix-2 constitutes a material breach of this Master Lease.
Tenant
shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Indemnitee against Indemnified Claim
that the required insurance would have covered but for Tenant’s breach.
Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall disclose any information that the other may mark as
confidential or proprietary including, but not limited to, lists of available rental space and
marketing plans, schedules, sales figures, sales projections, financial statements or other
financial information that Landlord or Tenant may make available or known to the other
party, disclosing only such information
as is required by law or by mutual, written
agreement between Landlord and Tenant.
Insurance Obligation is in Addition to Other Obligations. Tenant’s obligations under this
Article XIV and the attached Appendix-2 are in addition to, not in lieu of, Tenant’s other
obligations, including Tenant’s obligations under Article XIII, to Landlord under this
Master Lease.
Article XV
Confidentiality
37
Template
The terms and provisions of this Master Lease affect present and future negotiations
Landlord or Tenant may have with another party. As such, Landlord and Tenant, and the
agents, employees, representatives, and Sublessee of each, shall each keep the same
confidential, disclosing only such information as is required by law or by mutual, written
agreement between Landlord and Tenant.
14.4
Landlord Insurance. Landlord may elect, in its sole discretion, to carry fire and extended
coverage insurance (the “Store Insurance”) on the Store for an amount providing coverage to
include at least ninety percent (90%) of the replacement cost of the Leased Premises (excluding
Tenant’s merchandise, Trade Fixtures, and Improvements).
In the event Landlord elects to carry
such insurance, Landlord shall initially pay any Store Insurance premiums incurred during the
Lease Term, subject to Tenant’s obligation to pay Landlord the Insurance Reimbursement Fee.
