 
Disclosure Document 
53 
contain recommended specifications or standards, procedures, policies, advice and training 
relating to the operation or promotion of our salons.  We will lend to you a copy of the COM 
during the term of our Franchise Agreement after you complete training.  You must sign the 
Receipt for Confidential Operations Manual (Refer to Exhibit B of this disclosure document).  
We claim common law copyrights in our COM, training materials and other proprietary 
information.  There are no agreements in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license 
these copyrighted materials.  There are no infringing uses actually known to us that could 
materially affect your use of these copyrighted materials in any state.  No agreement requires 
us to protect or defend any copyrights or you in connection with any copyrights. Due to 
regional differences, the COM used by us and the COM used by Regal Nails Canada, ULC 
differ. 
You may use the information in our COM solely for the purpose of operating your 
salon.  You may not otherwise use or disclose the COM or the information in the COM.  We 
can alter the policies, standards, and specifications contained in the COM at any time.  You 
must comply with the COM, as we may change it from time to time.  The COM includes safety, 
sanitation and recommended guidelines, standards, and other information; it sets goals for 
you to achieve.  Failure to meet with the goals of the COM is a breach of the Franchise 
Agreement, and affords us a variety of remedies, including fines and penalties and possible 
termination of the Franchise Agreement.  
You must notify us, immediately, when you learn about an unauthorized use of our 
copyrighted materials or proprietary information.  We are not obligated to take any action, but 
will respond to this information as we consider appropriate.  You may not take any action 
(including providing written or oral notice, commencing legal action, or commencing any other 
action) with regard to an alleged infringement of our copyrighted material beyond the reporting 
requirement above, nor take any action as to a third party’s alleged misuse of our proprietary 
information without our knowledge and express written consent. You must cooperate with us 
to protect against copyright infringement and misuse of our trade secrets and proprietary 
information. 
We reserve the right to decide what action we will take, if any, in the event of 
allegations of infringement or misuse of its copyrighted material or proprietary information.  
We reserve the right to retain counsel of our choice for such matters and to control the dispute.  
You must provide us with any information and reasonable assistance.  We are not obligated 
to protect your right to use our copyrighted material or proprietary information, nor are we 
obligated to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair competition concerning your 
use of our copyrighted material or proprietary information.  If we modify the COM, you must 
make the related changes in your salon.  If any costs result from the modification, each party 
will bear its own costs.  
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
We do not require that you personally operate the franchised business.  However, you are 
solely responsible for its operation and the actions and inactions of your employees and others 
who work at your location.  If you do not personally operate the salon, at a minimum, you must 
inspect your salon weekly and hire and maintain an ‘on premises’ manager who must be 
appropriately licensed by your state board and have successfully completed our training 
program.  The on-premises manager may not have an interest or business relationship with 
any competitors within a 5-mile radius of the salon and must sign our then current written Non-
