Security Deposit.
4.8
C.
(1)
Rent;
Other sums that Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord under this Master
(3)
F.
The Security does not limit Landlord’s available rights and remedies under this
Master Lease, at law, or in equity nor is it a payment of liquidated damages.
(2)
Lease;
13
Template
Sums that Landlord may expend or may be required to expend by reason
of Tenant’s breach of this Master Lease;
Landlord may apply, retain, or use (at its sole option) the whole or any part of the
Security to the extent required for payment of:
(4)
Loss or damage that Landlord suffers by reason of Tenant’s breach of this
Master Lease including, but not limited to, any damages incurred by Landlord or
deficiency resulting from the re-letting of the Leased Premises, whether such
damages or deficiency accrues before or after summary proceedings or other
re-entry by Landlord; or
(5)
Costs Landlord incurs in connection with the cleaning or repair of the
Leased Premises after the expiration or earlier termination of this Master Lease as
to the applicable Leased Premises.
(2)
The error or problem was not due to the intentional or negligent act of
Tenant.
A.
Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, no later than ten (10) days following Tenant
signing the applicable Attachment A, an amount equal to the sum designated in the
applicable Attachment A, as security for the faithful performance and observance of the
terms and conditions of this Master Lease by Tenant and its agents, employees, and
representatives (the “Security”).
B.
Tenant may provide Security in the form of a security deposit or a duly executed
surety bond from a reputable company satisfactory to Landlord and in full force and
effect when delivered to Landlord.
D.
Landlord is not obligated to apply, retain, or use the Security, and any payment by
the Security in no way relieves Tenant of its obligations under this Master Lease to pay
Rent or other charges.
E.
Landlord’s right to bring an action or special proceeding to recover damages, or
otherwise obtain possession of the applicable Leased Premises, before or after Landlord’s
delivery of notice to Tenant of the termination of this Master Lease as to the applicable
Leased Premises for non-payment of Rent, or for any other reason,
is not effected
because Landlord holds the Security.
