 
Disclosure Document 
10 
deposit. 
3) The pro-rata Monthly Fee for the earlier of the month in which you begin operating 
the salon or the month in which rent commences (See no.4, below), calculated for 
the period from the Payment Commencement Date under your Franchise 
Agreement until the first day of the succeeding month.  We estimate that this 
amount will range from $0 to $14,517. 
4) For locations in which we are party tenants to the lease to the premises, if the 
landlord charges a Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, then the pro-rata and first 
full month’s Monthly Utility Charge and/or CAM, as specified in the Franchise 
Agreement (estimated from $200 to $1,200 per month). Your Monthly Utility 
Charge and/or CAM is payable in advance and determined by the landlord. CAM 
here for our purposes includes the property insurance charged by the landlord, 
even if the landlord itself separates CAM and property insurance and property 
taxes for the premises in the lease.   
5) Primary Comprehensive General Liability (CGL) with Professional Liability (PL) 
included is pro-rated for the balance of the then current term. While not currently 
required, if later instituted, limited Property Insurance premium will also be pro-
rated for the balance of the then current term.  Currently, the annual insurance 
term begins in May of each year, but is subject to change by Regal. You must 
purchase your required coverage from the carrier approved by us. You are 
required to have specific coverages, and are required to purchase your policy from 
our approved carrier. Currently the annual premium for the insurance coverage 
approved by and obtained through our carrier in the U.S. is $1,000 to $8,000 
depending upon location and risk. The premium is subject to change. Premiums 
are due for one lump sum; however, at our option we permit you to pay the 
premium in installments with a $15 to $25 fee per installments. CGL and PL 
premiums are higher for salons along the Gulf of Mexico (approximately $1,500 to 
$8,000) and for those salons whose claims history and record has not met the 
standards of the underwriter. There is an additional handling fee of $50.00. While, 
at this time, coverage is not offered in Puerto Rico and franchisees in Puerto Rico 
must independently obtain comparable insurance coverage as required in the 
franchise agreement, we do reserve the right to designate a required provider of 
the insurance. We reserve the right to require you to purchase limited Property 
Insurance in limits determined by us and also reserve the right require that such 
insurance be purchased through a designated provider. 
6) Rental tax (if applicable and as established by local law) could be as much as $800 
per month. Currently, only Florida and Arizona impose rental taxes, but that may 
change. If applicable, we may impose at our discretion an averaged monthly rental 
tax payment amount which will be calculated as the anticipated total rental tax due 
divided by the number of months remaining in the term (“Averaged Rental Tax”).  
If we are party tenant to the lease, the rental tax will be included in the Monthly 
Fee. 
7) Additional or substitute furniture, fixture, equipment, decorative items or inventory 
you order from us or our affiliate Alfalfa which are in addition to or upgrades to 
items in the Snow White Package. Costs range from nothing (if you make no 
additional purchases) to as much as $27,249. If you wish to purchase additional 
fixtures, furniture, equipment and decorative items for your Regal Nails Salon & 
Spa salon, you must purchase them from Alfalfa.  You may wish to purchase these 
