Compliance.
8.2
A.
B.
(1)
Comply in all respects with all immigration laws and regulations;
(3)
Tenant, in its use, occupancy and operation of the Leased Premises, shall comply
with all federal, state, and local laws, rules, orders, directives, and regulations.
Respond in a timely fashion to any inspection requests related to such
1-9 Forms;
(2)
and
24
Template
Properly maintain all records required by the United States Citizenship
Immigration
Services
(the
"USCIS’’)
including,
without
limitation,
the
completion and maintenance of the Form 1-9 for each party’s employees;
Landlord has absolutely no responsibility, obligation, or liability for Tenant’s
hiring and other employment practices.
Tenant warrants and represents that it has a
policy to:
(4)
Cooperate fully
in all respects with any audit, inquiry, inspection, or
investigation the USCIS may conduct of such party or any of Tenant’s employees;
(2)
Tenant and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or representative of either
Tenant or Sublessee, must keep a receipt for the merchandise purchased with the
merchandise at all times while the merchandise is in either the Leased Premises or
the Store.
(4)
Any purchase by Tenant and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or
representative of either Tenant or Sublessee, is subject to search according to
Landlord’s
security
procedures
applicable
to
other
customers of Landlord.
Anyone removing, or involved in the removal of, merchandise, either from the
Store or into the Leased Premises, without first paying for the merchandise may
be evicted from the Store or all of Landlord’s property, may be treated as a
shoplifter, or both. Shoplifters may be subject to prosecution.
(3)
No merchandise for which Tenant or Sublessee, or any agent, employee,
or representative of either Tenant or Sublessee, has not paid may be removed
from the Store or brought into the Leased Premises.
C.
Tenant and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Tenant
or Sublessee, shall abide by Landlord’s procedures in responding to media inquiries as
such inquiries relate to the Leased Premises, Landlord, or any relationship between
Tenant and Landlord.
B.
Each of Tenant and Sublessee, and any agent, employee, or representative of
either Tenant or Sublessee, shall conduct him or herself while in the Store or in the
Leased Premises in a professional and courteous manner, appropriately attired, trained,
and groomed, and in accordance with commercially reasonable standards in Tenant’s
industry.
