Personal Property Insurance:
$300,000
B.
XIV.
B.
HEB shall indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its agents, successors and
assigns, from and against all injury, loss, claims or damage, including attorney's
fees, and disbursements to any person or property arising from, related to, or in
connection with HEB's occupancy, construction or repair of the Stores other than
the
Premises,
except that
caused primarily
by the gross
negligence or willful
misconduct of Licensee.
Licensee shall name HEB as an Additional Insured under the General Liability. Product
Liability, and Excess/Umbrella insurance policies, and name HEB as loss pavee on the
Personal Property Insurance, as its interests may appear. Licensee shall ensure that there
is a thirty (30) day notice of cancellation provision in all insurance policies and that HEB
shall be notified within thirty (30) days of any cancellation, modification or expiration of
any of such policies.
Licensee shall forward the certificates of insurance to the following
address:
HEB shall either self-insure or continually maintain insurance for the Stores, and all
structural portions thereof, and the Premises (but not Licensee's equipment and trade
fixtures) against those risks covered by a fire and extended property insurance coverage
policy in an amount not less than eighty percent (80%) of the full replacement cost
thereof.
This insurance may be carried under blanket policies covering other property
and locations owned or operated by HEB.
HEB Grocery Company, LP
P.O. Box 839955
San Antonio, Texas 78283-3955
Attn: Shopping Center Development
7
O:\RealEstate\Private\Shopping Center Development\lnStore Leasing\AGREEMENTS\Joe Vs Smart Shop Regal agreement.doc
DESTRUCTION AND CONDEMNATION.
A.
Premises Unusable.
If any portion of the Store and/or Premises is damaged or any
portion is condemned, so as to render such portion of the Store or Premises unusable for
HEB's purpose (which determination shall be made solely by HEB), then HEB has no
obligation to rebuild such Premises or such Store, and HEB or Licensee may elect to
terminate this License Agreement effective the date of such damage or condemnation by
providing written notice to the other party within thirty (30) days after such date.
Premises Usable.
If any Store or Premises is not rendered unusable by damage or
condemnation (which determination shall
be made solely by HEB), then HEB shall
promptly commence and diligently pursue to completion all repairs necessary to restore
such Store and Premises (other than Licensee's machinery, equipment. Alterations, and
trade
fixtures,
which
Licensee
shall
promptly
restore)
to
substantially
their
prior
condition.
Indemnity.
Licensee shall indemnify and
hold
harmless HEB and
its
agents,
officers, employees, directors, successors and assigns, from and against all injury,
loss, claims or damage, including attorney's fees, and disbursements to any person
or
property
arising
from,
related
to,
or
in
connection
with
Licensee's
use,
occupancy, construction or repair of the Premises; except injury, loss, claims or
damage caused solely by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of HEB.
