(iii)

to adopt and use, but only in connection with the sale of those food and beverage

products which have been designated by McDonald’s at the Restaurant, the trade names, trademarks, and service
marks which McDonald’s shall designate, from time to time, to be part of the McDonald’s System; and
(iv)

to occupy the Restaurant as provided herein.

The rights granted under this Franchise are limited to the Restaurant’s location only.
(b)

The term of this Franchise shall begin on ______________ and end on ______________,

unless terminated prior thereto pursuant to the provisions hereof.
3.

General Services of McDonald’s.

McDonald’s shall advise and consult with Franchisee

periodically in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and also, upon Franchisee’s request, at other
reasonable times. McDonald’s shall communicate to Franchisee know-how, new developments, techniques, and
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the operation
of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System. The communications shall be accomplished by visits by operations
consultants, printed and filmed reports, seminars, and newsletter mailings. McDonald’s shall also make available
to Franchisee all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the Restaurant
which McDonald’s makes generally available, from time to time, to all its franchisees operating McDonald’s
restaurants.
4.

Manuals. McDonald’s shall provide Franchisee with the business manuals prepared for use by

franchisees of McDonald’s restaurants similar to the Restaurant. The business manuals contain detailed information
including: (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and accounting
procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies. Franchisee
agrees to promptly adopt and use exclusively the formulas, methods, and policies contained in the business manuals,
now and as they may be modified from time to time. Franchisee acknowledges that McDonald’s or its affiliates
own all proprietary rights in and to the McDonald’s System and that the information revealed in the business
manuals, in their entirety, constitute confidential trade secrets. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s,
Franchisee shall not disclose the contents of the business manuals to any person, except employees of Franchisee
for purposes related solely to the operation of the Restaurant, nor shall Franchisee reprint or reproduce the manuals
in whole or in part for any purpose except in connection with instruction of employees in the operation of the
Restaurant. Such manuals, as modified from time to time, and the policies contained therein, are incorporated in
this Franchise by reference.
5.

Advertising. McDonald’s employs both public relations and advertising specialists who formulate

and carry out national and local advertising programs for the McDonald’s System.
Franchisee shall use only advertising and promotional materials and programs provided by
McDonald’s or approved in advance, in writing, by McDonald’s. Neither the approval by McDonald’s of
Franchisee’s advertising and promotional material nor the providing of such material by McDonald’s to Franchisee
shall, directly or indirectly, require McDonald’s to pay for such advertising or promotion.

3

