PART II: SECURITY AGREEMENT
All terms used and not otherwise defined in this Note shall have the meanings ascribed to such
terms in the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted, and in effect from time to time, by the State of Illinois
(the “UCC”). However, if a term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC differently than in another Article
of the UCC, the term has the meaning specified in Article 9. For purposes of this Note, “Obligations”
means all loans, advances, indebtedness, notes, liabilities and amounts, liquidated or unliquidated,
owing by Borrower or any affiliate of Borrower to Lender at any time, each of every kind, nature and
description, whether arising under this Note or otherwise, direct or indirect (that is, whether the same are
due directly or indirectly to Lender as endorser or guarantor, or as obligor of obligations due to third
persons which have been
endorsed or assigned to Lender, or otherwise), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now
existing or hereafter arising or acquired, and shall also include all principal, interest and other charges
due from Borrower or any affiliate of Borrower to Lender and all costs and expenses referred to in
this Note and any interest, premium, fees, and other income accruing after the commencement of any
proceeding or case commenced by or against the Borrower or any such affiliate under any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other debtor relief laws, whether or not allowed under any such proceeding or case.
For value received, Borrower hereby grants to Lender a security interest in the Collateral as
described below. This security interest is granted to secure payment of the Obligations on the following
terms and conditions:

1.

Collateral.

1.1
Security Interest Grant. Borrower hereby grants to Lender, to secure the payment
and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a security interest in and pledges and assigns to Lender
the following properties, assets and rights of Borrower, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof (all of the same being hereinafter called the
“Collateral”): all personal and moveable property of every kind and nature including, without limitation,
all goods (including inventory, equipment, and any accessions thereto), instruments (including promissory
notes), documents, accounts (including health-care insurance receivables), chattel paper (whether
tangible or electronic), deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is
evidenced by a writing), commercial tort claims, securities and all other investment property, supporting
obligations, any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money, insurance claims and
proceeds, tort claims, and all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles). The Collateral does
not include Borrower’s right, title and interest in the Franchise, as defined below.
1.2
Location/Purpose. The Collateral will be kept at and used in the operation of the
McDonald’s restaurant businesses located at [insert addresses of restaurants where collateral is located]
. These restaurant businesses, together with the License Agreement or Franchise Agreement and the
Operator’s Lease and any assignments pertaining thereto, will be referred to collectively as the
“Franchise”. Borrower agrees not to remove the Collateral from the Franchise premises except for
purposes of repair or replacement in the normal course of business. In no event, however, will any
such repair or replacement impair the value of the Collateral.
1.3
Inspection/Records. Upon reasonable notice and at any reasonable time prior to
an Event of Default as defined herein (and, after Event of Default, without notice and at any time),
Borrower will allow Lender to inspect the Collateral. Borrower will keep accurate and complete records
identifying the Collateral which will be available to Lender upon request.
1.4
Maintenance. Borrower will maintain the Collateral in good condition; will
repair or replace it, if necessary; and in general, deal with the Collateral in a manner that is considered
F-7

