(c)

The foundation of the McDonald’s System and the essence of this Franchise is the

adherence by Franchisee to standards and policies of McDonald’s providing for the uniform operation of all
McDonald’s restaurants within the McDonald’s System including, but not limited to, serving only designated food
and beverage products; the use of only prescribed equipment and building layout and designs; strict adherence to
designated food and beverage specifications and to McDonald’s prescribed standards of Quality, Service, and
Cleanliness in the Restaurant operation. Compliance by Franchisee with the foregoing standards and policies in
conjunction with the McDonald’s trademarks and service marks provides the basis for the valuable goodwill and
wide family acceptance of the McDonald’s System. Moreover, the establishment and maintenance of a close
personal working relationship with McDonald’s in the conduct of Franchisee’s McDonald’s restaurant business,
Franchisee’s accountability for performance of the obligations contained in this Franchise, and Franchisee’s
adherence to the tenets of the McDonald’s System constitute the essence of this Franchise.
(d)

The provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted to give effect to the intent of the parties

stated in this paragraph 1 so that the Restaurant shall be operated in conformity to the McDonald’s System through
strict adherence to McDonald’s standards and policies as they exist now and as they may be from time to time
modified.
(e)

Franchisee acknowledges Franchisee’s understanding of McDonald’s basic business policy

that McDonald’s will grant franchises only to those individuals who live in the locality of their McDonald’s
restaurant, actually own the entire equity interest in the business of the Restaurant and its profits, and who will work
full time at their McDonald’s restaurant business. Franchisee represents, warrants, and agrees that Franchisee
actually owns the complete equity interest in this Franchise and the profits from the operation of the Restaurant,
and that Franchisee shall maintain such interest during the term of this Franchise except only as otherwise permitted
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Franchise. Franchisee agrees to furnish McDonald’s with such evidence
as McDonald’s may request, from time to time, for the purpose of assuring McDonald’s that Franchisee’s interest
remains as represented herein.
(f)

Franchisee agrees to pay to McDonald’s all required payments under this Franchise,

including, without limitation, the payments set forth in paragraphs 8 and 9 herein and paragraph 3.01 of the Lease.
All payments hereby required constitute a single financial arrangement between Franchisee and McDonald’s which,
taken as a whole and without regard to any designation or descriptions, reflect the value of the authorization being
made available to the Franchisee by McDonald’s in this Franchise and the services rendered by McDonald’s during
the term hereof.
2.

Franchise Grant and Term.
(a)

McDonald’s grants to Franchisee for the following stated term the right, license, and

privilege:
(i)

to adopt and use the McDonald’s System at the Restaurant;

(ii)

to advertise to the public that Franchisee is a franchisee of McDonald’s;

2

