c)

Franchisee may not exercise the conditional option unless McDonald’s has
determined to its satisfaction that: (i) Franchisee’s operation of the Restaurant
has been in compliance with this Franchise; (ii) Franchisee has complied with the
National Franchising Standards; (iii) Franchisee injects 25% of the purchase
price in unencumbered funds; and (iv) the cash flow from the operations of the
Restaurant is sufficient.

d)

Upon exercise of the conditional option, this Franchise will be amended to
provide for the following term and rental:
(i)

The term will expire 20 years after the opening date of the Restaurant,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Franchise.

(ii)

A monthly rental payment equal to the basic rent amount, plus the
percentage of monthly gross sales in excess of the monthly gross sales
amount, as shown on Schedule B1 attached to this Rider.

(iii)

The amount of the monthly base rental payment shown on Schedule B1
attached to this Rider is computed based in part on McDonald’s total
current real estate costs and its estimated construction costs. If those
costs increase within 180 days after the opening date of the Restaurant,
the monthly base rental payment will be recomputed and increased based
on the increased costs, but only to a maximum monthly base rental
increase of $325.00. The corresponding monthly base sales will be
adjusted accordingly. The effective date of the increase will be the date
of the exercise of the conditional option.

e)

Upon exercise of the conditional option, Franchisee must execute a Business
Facilities Lease Option Exercise Agreement with McDonald’s on McDonald’s
standard forms.

f)

The conditional option will not survive the original term of this Franchise and is
personal to Franchisee only.

[Additional paragraph to be used for Oil sites.]
2.
Franchisee agrees to reimburse McDonald’s each year for the premium to obtain
pollution/environmental contamination insurance under the terms of Schedule A attached to this Rider.
Franchisee must obtain commercial general liability insurance as required by the
Operator’s Lease for the benefit of McDonald’s and name the oil partner as an additional insured.

2

