2.08 Tenant’s Compliance With Various Requirements: Tenant may not use or permit
any person to use the Premises or any part of it for any use in violation of federal, state or local
laws, including, but not limited to, present and future ordinances or other regulations of any
municipality in which the Premises are situated. Tenant will not use or permit any person to use
the Premises or any building thereon for the manufacture or sale of intoxicating liquor of any kind
whatsoever. Except as provided below, Tenant may not operate any coin or token operated
vending or similar device for the sale of any goods, wares, merchandise, food, beverages or
services, including but not limited to, pay telephones, pay lockers, pay toilets, scales, amusement
devices, and machines for the sale of beverages, foods, candy, cigarettes or other commodities.
One coin operated newspaper vending machine, Playplace games and one pay telephone may
be installed, if they are in compliance with Landlord’s current written policy on the installation and
maintenance of these items. During the term of this Lease, Tenant will keep the Premises and
all buildings in a clean and wholesome condition and repair and will maintain the Premises so that
they fully comply with all lawful health and police regulations. Tenant will conduct the McDonald’s
Restaurant on the Premises strictly in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Franchise
Agreement. Tenant will minimize all cooking odors and smoke, maintain the highest degree of
sanitation and comply with all ordinances, orders, directives, rules and regulations of all
governmental bodies, bureaus and offices having jurisdiction over Tenant and over the Premises.
Landlord makes no warranties or representations as to the state of such ordinances, rules, orders
and directives, regulations, and Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has independently investigated
them and will comply with them. Landlord makes no warranties or representations that the
Premises, when accepted by Tenant, conform with the Federal, State or Industrial Safety Codes.
Tenant will obtain, keep in full force and effect, and strictly comply with, all governmental licenses
and permits which may be required for Tenant’s use and occupancy of the Premises and the
operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant.
ARTICLE 3 RENT, TAXES, RECORDS AND REPORTS
3.01 Rent: Tenant promises to pay rent to Landlord, without offset or deduction, as follows:
A.
Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent: Tenant will pay monthly to Landlord the Basic Rent
and any Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, as indicated in Schedule B, attached. The first payment
of Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, will be due and payable on the commencement
date of the term, and the subsequent monthly rental payments, including any Pass Thru Rent, will
be due thereafter, in advance, on or before the first day of every succeeding calendar month. If
the date of commencement of rent occurs on a day other than the first day of the month, the first
rental payment (of Basic Rent, Pass Thru Rent, if any, and Percentage Rent, if any) will be
adjusted for the proportionate fraction of the whole month so that all rental payments, other than
the first, will be made and become due and payable on the first day of each month.
B.
Percentage Rent: In addition to the Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable,
Tenant promises to pay Percentage Rent to Landlord in the amount and during the periods set
forth in Schedule B, attached, on all Gross Sales from the Premises in excess of the Monthly
Base Sales set forth in Schedule B, attached. See Article 3.03 for the manner of payment of
Percentage Rent.
C. Definition of “Gross Sales”: For the purposes of this Lease, the term “Gross Sales”
will mean all receipts (cash, cash equivalent, credit or redeemed gift certificates) or revenue from
sales by Tenant, and of all others, from all business conducted upon or from the Premises,
whether such sales be evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, exchange or otherwise,

3

