UNLIMITED GUARANTY
GUARANTY, dated as of
by
(the “Guarantor”), in favor of
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association with offices at 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA
02110, U.S.A., Mail Code MA5-100-09-04, Attention: Dan Robson, (the “Lender”). In consideration of the
Lender’s giving, in its discretion, time, credit or other accommodations to
and its successors (the
“Customer”), the Guarantor agrees as follows:

1.

GUARANTY OF PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. The Guarantor hereby
guarantees to the Lender the full and punctual payment when due (whether at maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise), and the performance, of all liabilities, agreements and other obligations of the Customer
to the Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, secured or
unsecured, now existing or hereafter arising or acquired (whether by way of discount, letter of credit,
lease, loan, overdraft or otherwise), including, without limitation, any interest, premium, fees, and other
income accruing after the commencement of an insolvency proceeding, in each case whether or not
allowed as a claim in such insolvency proceeding (the “Obligations”). This Guaranty is an absolute,
unconditional and continuing guaranty of the full and punctual payment and performance of the
Obligations and not of their collectibility only and is in no way conditioned upon any requirement
that the Lender first attempt to collect any of the Obligations from the Customer or resort to any
security or other means of obtaining their payment. Should the Customer default in payment or
performance of any of the Obligations, the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall become
immediately due and payable to the Lender, without demand of notice of any nature, all of which are
expressly waived by the Guarantor. Payments by the Guarantor hereunder may be required by the Lender
on any number of occasions.

2.

GUARANTOR’S AGREEMENT TO PAY. The Guarantor further agrees, as the principal
obligor and not as a guarantor only, to pay to the Lender, on demand, all costs and expenses (including
court costs and legal expenses) incurred or expended by the Lender in connection with the Obligations,
this Guaranty and the enforcement thereof, together with interest on amounts recoverable under this
Guaranty from the time such amounts become due until payment, at the rate per annum equal to 18%
or, if higher, the floating rate of interest announced by the Lender from time to time at its head
office as its Prime Rate, plus 4%; provided that if such interest exceeds the maximum amount permitted
to be paid under applicable law, then such interest shall be reduced to such maximum permitted amount.

3.

UNLIMITED GUARANTY. The liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall be unlimited.

4.
WAIVERS BY GUARANTOR; LENDER’S FREEDOM TO ACT. The Guarantor
agrees that the Obligations will be paid and performed strictly in accordance with their respective terms
regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any
of such terms or the rights of the Lender with respect thereto. The Guarantor waives presentment,
demand, protest, notice of acceptance, notice of Obligations incurred and all other notices of any kind,
all defenses which may be available by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium law or other similar
law now or hereafter in effect, any right to

Annex I-1

