any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
MARYLAND ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
1. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor
approval of transfer:
Any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to
any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
2. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h), entitled
“Cause” defined – non-curable defaults:
Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law
(11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable.
3. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), entitled
Choice of forum:
Franchisee may, subject to any arbitration obligations, bring an action in Maryland for
claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to the extent
required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, unless preempted by
the Federal Arbitration Act.
4. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w), entitled
Choice of law:
; however, to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, subject to your arbitration obligation, you may bring an action in Maryland.
5.

The following language is added to the end of the chart in Item 17:

You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 13 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
McDonald’s considers the trademarks, trade names, logo types, service marks and commercial
symbols to be valuable property rights and continually protects against infringement of these assets.
It protects franchisees against claims of infringement or unfair competition to which the franchisees
might become subjected because of their authorized use of the trademarks, service marks, logo
types or other commercial symbols in the United States.

