Addition to Schedule A if there is excess property:
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

EXCESS PROPERTY ADDENDUM
1. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Premises includes excess property which will not be
used in the operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant developed on the Premises. The excess
property is included in the legal description described on Schedule A of this Lease.
2. If the Landlord, in its sole discretion, is able to sell or lease the excess property during the term of
this Lease, Tenant agrees to amend this Lease to accomplish the following:
A. The Premises shall be amended to delete the excess property so that it will no longer be leased
to Tenant.
B. The Premises will be made subject and subordinate to easements that may be needed for
access, utilities, drainage, signs or any other necessary use to properly or conveniently develop
the excess property. Landlord agrees that no such easements or reservations shall
unreasonably interfere with the continuing operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant, and all
costs, expenses and liabilities associated with the easements or any other use of the Premises
shall be assumed by the Landlord.
3. Notwithstanding the deletion of the excess property from the Premises, the Tenant’s rent shall
remain as stated in this Lease and shall not be reduced. However, Tenant shall be reimbursed by
Landlord for an amount equal to approximately all of Tenant’s costs for real estate taxes, insurance
and maintenance of the excess property up to an amount not to exceed the Landlord’s gain on any
sale or disposition of the excess property. The gain or loss on the disposition of the excess property
shall be determined by subtracting the net book value of the excess property from the net proceeds
of the Landlord’s sale or other disposition of the excess property. If the excess property is leased
by Landlord, the gain or loss shall be determined by subtracting the net present value of the rental
payments to be received by Landlord from the net present value of all of Landlord’s rental payments
or Landlord’s net book value associated with the excess property.
4. If the excess property is developed in such a manner as to provide for common access, parking,
utilities or other easements that benefit both the Premises and the excess property, Tenant agrees
to pay a pro rata share of the cost of maintaining and repairing such common access, parking,
utilities or other easements as set forth in the written agreements.
5. The effective date of the above-described amendment shall be the date of closing of the sale of the
excess property, if sold, or the date the rent commences, if it is leased.

SCHEDULE A

