excepted, and loss by fire and other casualty excepted to the extent that provision for such
exception may elsewhere be made in this Lease. Upon request of Landlord, Tenant will remove
all signs and other identifying features from the Premises. Tenant’s obligation to make repairs to
the Premises will include all repairs, whether ordinary or extraordinary, including structural repairs
to the foundation, floors, walls and roof.
4.03 Alterations: Tenant shall not make any change in, alteration of, or addition to any part
of the Premises, or remove any of the buildings or building fixtures without, in each instance,
obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord and complying with all governmental rules,
ordinances and regulations.
4.04 Surety: Before commencement of any construction or installation of any structure,
fixture, equipment or other improvement on the Premises, or of any repairs, alterations, additions,
replacement or restoration in, on or about the Premises, Tenant will give Landlord written notice
specifying the nature and location of the intended work and the expected date of commencement.
Tenant will deposit with Landlord, if requested by Landlord, a certificate or other evidence
satisfactory to Landlord that Tenant has obtained a bond or that Tenant’s building contractor, if
any, has furnished a bond in favor of Landlord, with a surety approved by Landlord, guaranteeing
the performance and completion of all work free and clear of all liens arising from such work.
Landlord reserves the right to withhold its approval of any proposed construction, improvement,
repair, alteration or replacement and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, may require
as a condition of its approval that it be permitted to review and approve any contract entered into
by Tenant regarding such notices as may be necessary to protect Landlord against liability for
liens and claims.
4.05 Liens Against Property: Nothing in this Lease will authorize Tenant to do any act
which will in any way encumber the title of Landlord to the Premises. The interest or estate of
Landlord or the fee owner in the Premises, if Landlord is not the fee owner, will not in any way be
subject to any claim by lien or encumbrance, whether by operation of law or by virtue of any
express or implied contract by Tenant. Tenant will not permit the Premises to become subject to
any mechanics’, laborers’ or materialsmen’s lien for labor or material furnished to Tenant in
connection with work of any character performed or claimed to have been performed on the
Premises by or at the direction of, or sufferance of, Tenant.
If any lien is filed against the Premises or Tenant’s interest in this Lease, at Landlord’s option,
Tenant will either pay the amount of the lien in full or will, upon demand of Landlord, provide and
pay for a non-cancelable bond, placed with a reputable company, approved by Landlord, in an
amount deemed sufficient by Landlord, insuring the interest of Landlord and any mortgagee from
any loss by reason of the filing of such lien. Tenant will immediately pursue in good faith its legal
remedies to remove a lien on the Premises.
4.06 Assignment by Tenant: Tenant will not allow or permit any transfer of this Lease or
any interest in this Lease by operation of law, or assign, convey, mortgage, pledge or encumber
this Lease or any interest in this Lease, or permit the use or occupancy of the Premises or any
part thereof without, in each case, obtaining Landlord’s prior written consent. No assignment
(with or without Landlord’s consent) will release Tenant from any of its obligations in this Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall consent to an assignment by Tenant of his rights
and interest in this Lease if the Tenant complies with the terms and conditions of the Franchise
Agreement pertaining to the assignment of the Franchise Agreement.

7

