10.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Guaranty shall be binding upon the Guarantor, its
successor and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lender and its successors,
transferees and assigns; provided, that Guarantor shall have no right to assign its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, the Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any agreement or any note held by it evidencing,
securing or otherwise executed in connection with the Obligations, or sell participations in any
interest therein, to any other person or entity, and such other person or entity shall thereupon become
vested, to the extent set forth in the agreement evidencing such assignment, transfer or participation,
with all the rights in respect thereof granted to the Lender herein.
11.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Guaranty nor consent to any departure by the Guarantor therefrom shall be effective unless the same
shall be in writing and signed by the Lender. No failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and
no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right.
12.
GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Guaranty is intended to
take effect as a sealed instrument and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law
of the State of Illinois. The Guarantor agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Guaranty may
be brought in the courts of the State of Illinois or any Federal Court sitting therein and consents to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of such court and to service of process in any such suit being made upon the
Guarantor by mail at the address specified in Section 16 hereof. The Guarantor hereby waives any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or any such court or that such
suit was brought in an inconvenient court.
13.
MISCELLANEOUS. This Guaranty constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters set forth herein. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not
exclusive of any remedies provided by law or any other agreement, and this Guaranty shall be in addition
to any other guaranty of the Obligations. The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more
sections of this Guaranty shall not affect the validity or enforceability of its remaining provisions.
The meanings of all defined terms used in this Guaranty shall be equally applicable to the singular
and plural forms of the terms defined.
14.
AUTHORIZATION TO CONDUCT DUE DILIGENCE WITH THIRD PARTIES. The
Guarantor hereby authorizes the Lender and any of the Lender’s representatives, agents or assigns, to
contact McDonald’s Corporation, the Guarantor’s accountants, insurance agents, attorneys and other
representatives and agents of McDonald’s Corporation and the Guarantor for the purpose of discussing
the Guarantor’s affairs and financial condition and to obtain such information from, and conduct such
other due diligence with, such third parties from time to time as the Lender deems necessary or desirable.
The Guarantor hereby authorizes and directs all such third parties to provide such information to the
Lender, the Lender’s representatives, agents and assigns, and to cooperate fully in all respects in
connection with any requests for information regarding the Guarantor.

Annex I-4

