The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
Nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or the franchise agreement shall in any way
abrogate or reduce any rights of the franchisee as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C;
or franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
jurisdiction.
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with Minn. Stat.
Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be
given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of
the franchise agreement; and that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably
withheld.
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above generally are considered unenforceable in
the state of North Dakota. However, we will seek to enforce them to the extent enforceable.
North Dakota law will govern with respect to claims arising under the North Dakota Franchise
Investment Law.
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
If any of the provisions in this Disclosure Document or the Franchise Agreement are inconsistent
with the relationship provisions of Revised Code of Washington Section 19.100.180 or any other
requirements of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”), then (if the Act
applies by its terms) the provisions of the Act will prevail over the inconsistent terms of the
Disclosure Document and agreement for any franchises sold in Washington. However, we and you
agree to enforce the agreements’ provisions to the extent the law allows.
*************
ASSURANCE OF DISCONTINUANCE
STATE OF WASHINGTON
To resolve an investigation by the Washington Attorney General and without admitting any liability, we
have entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (“AOD”) with the State of Washington, where we have
agreed to remove from our form franchise agreement a provision which restricts a franchisee from soliciting
and/or hiring the employees of our other franchisees and/or our employees, which the Attorney General
alleges violates Washington state and federal antitrust and unfair practices laws. We have agreed, as part of
the AOD, to not enforce any such provisions in any existing franchise agreement, to request that our
Washington franchisees amend their existing franchise agreements to remove such provisions, and to notify
our franchisees about the entry of the AOD. In addition, the State of Washington did not assess any fines or
other monetary penalties against us.

