any further action or consent of the Borrower or any other party; provided that, with respect to any such
amendment effected, the Lender shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to
McDonald’s and the Borrower reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.
Payments of principal and interest shall be made to Lender at 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA
02110, Mail Code MA5-100-09-04, or at such other place as Lender or any subsequent holder of this Note
from time to time directs in writing. Payments shall be by pre-authorized debits to Borrower’s account
pursuant to Part III hereof or such other method for payment designated by Lender from time to time
including, but not limited to, preauthorized debits to an alternate account identified by Borrower. Payments
received shall be first applied to fees and expenses, if any, then to accrued interest, and the balance to
principal. All interest shall be calculated in arrears for the actual number of days elapsed based on a 360-day
year.
Borrower may prepay the whole or any part of the unpaid balance of principal and accrued
interest under this Note on any date, without penalty or fee, on notice to Lender delivered not less
than five (5) Business Days in advance of such date.
[FOR
USE
WITH
NOTES
SUBJECT
TO
A
PRIOR
LENDER’S
SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT] This Note is subject to the terms of that certain Subordination
Agreement among [Senior Lender], Borrower, Lender and McDonald’s dated concurrently herewith.
THE FAILURE OR FORBEARANCE OF LENDER OR ANY OTHER HOLDER OF THIS
NOTE FOR ANY PERIOD OF TIME TO EXERCISE ANY RIGHT HEREUNDER, OR OTHERWISE
GRANTED BY LAW OR ANOTHER AGREEMENT, SHALL NOT AFFECT
OR RELEASE THE LIABILITY OF BORROWER OR ANY OTHER OBLIGOR HEREUNDER, AND
SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF SUCH RIGHT UNLESS SO STATED BY LENDER OR
SUCH OTHER HOLDER IN WRITING. Borrower agrees that
Lender or any other holder shall have no responsibility for the collection or protection of any property
securing this Note and may waive its rights with respect to any property or indebtedness. Borrower
hereby waives (i) presentment of payment, notice of nonpayment, notice of dishonor, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this
Note, and (ii) the benefits of any law providing that the release of any one of any obligors for this Note
releases all others otherwise liable for obligations outstanding hereunder.
Borrower agrees to pay reasonable and documented expenses of Lender, including reasonable
fees of outside counsel, in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Note and
any related document prepared for Lender, or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions
hereof or thereof. The foregoing fees may be paid from the proceeds of this Note. Furthermore,
Borrower agrees to pay the reasonable and documented costs of Lender relating to the collection or
enforcement of this Note or any related document, including reasonable fees of outside counsel.
This Note is secured by the Collateral, as defined in Part II herein. Borrower shall pay, or reimburse
Lender, for any and all filing costs, documentary stamps, intangibles taxes, conveyance or transfer taxes
and/or similar fees or taxes required to be paid in connection with this Note, in order to effectuate the
filing of financing statements and/or security agreements allowing Lender to perfect its security for this
Note.
All payments not made when due shall bear interest from the date each payment is due until the
date payment is received by Lender, at Lender’s option, at the Prime Rate, plus an additional two percent
(2.0%) per annum. Irrespective of the exercise or nonexercise of the foregoing option, in the event that
any payment herein provided for shall become overdue for more than thirty (30) days, a “late charge”
of three percent (3%) of the overdue payment shall, at Lender’s option, become immediately due and
payable to Lender as liquidated damages for failure to make prompt payment, and the same shall be secured
F-5

