applicable income tax laws for Improvements; and that McDonald’s will not claim any cost recovery,
depreciation, or amortization deductions with respect to Improvements. Franchisee and McDonald’s
agree that Improvements attributable to McDonald’s share of total Improvement Costs will be treated for
income tax purposes as owned by McDonald’s; that McDonald’s will be entitled to any cost recovery,
depreciation, or amortization deductions available under applicable income tax laws for Improvements;
and that Franchisee will not claim any cost recovery, depreciation, or amortization deductions with
respect to Improvements. Franchisee and McDonald’s further agree that any Franchisee’s share of total
Improvement Costs is not intended to be, and will not be treated as, in whole or in part, a substitute for
rent. Neither Franchisee nor McDonald’s will take any position on any tax return or in any tax
proceeding that is inconsistent with the tax treatment provided in this paragraph.
Franchisee and McDonald’s will each be treated as incurring a pro rata portion of each
cost item that constitutes an Improvement Cost. Franchisee’s pro rata portion will be equal to the ratio of
Franchisee’s share to total Improvement Costs. McDonald’s pro rata portion will be equal to the ratio of
McDonald’s share to total Improvement Costs. If Franchisee chooses to perform a cost segregation study
with respect to Franchisee’s share of Improvement Costs, Franchisee will be solely responsible for all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with performing the study. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentences, and except for any leasehold estate in the land granted Franchisee in connection with this
Franchise, McDonald’s will have the exclusive legal and equitable right, title, and interest in and to the
land and Improvements.
Franchisee is solely responsible for preparing and filing all personal property, sales and
use, and other tax returns and for paying all personal property, sales and use, and other taxes, if any,
associated with Improvement Costs.
[Additional paragraphs to be used for Co-investment, if applicable.]
6.
In connection with Franchisee’s payment of a share of the Improvement Costs, Section
3.07 is hereby added to the Lease:
3.07
Allocations of Rent. Each payment of Basic Rent payable hereunder on a monthly basis
shall be allocated to and accrue during the calendar month in which such Basic Rent payment is due (i.e.,
the commencement date, in the case of the first payment, and thereafter the first day of each month). Each
payment of Percentage Rent payable hereunder shall be allocated to and accrue during the same period as
the Gross Sales period used to compute the amount of such Percentage Rent. Payments of rent with respect
to real estate taxes, assessments, other expenses and other charges shall be allocated to and accrue during
the periods to which such real estate taxes, assessments, other expenses and other charges relate. Any other
rent paid or deemed paid to Landlord and not otherwise appropriately attributable to a specific period shall
be allocated to and accrue during the period beginning on the date of such payment or deemed payment and
ending at the scheduled termination date of the term of this Lease.
[Additional paragraph to be used for Oil sites.]
7.
Franchisee agrees to reimburse McDonald’s each year for the premium to obtain
pollution/environmental contamination insurance under the terms of Schedule A attached to this Rider.
Franchisee must obtain commercial general liability insurance as required by the
Operator’s Lease for the benefit of McDonald’s and name the oil partner as an additional insured.

2

