control. You may not open the restaurant for business until you have executed the Franchise Agreement and have
delivered the agreement to us with payment of the initial franchise fee, if applicable.
Training:
McDonald’s operates Hamburger University (HU), the international training center for the McDonald’s System.
The content and duration of all operations courses, which are offered at HU and various local sites, are revised
and reconsidered from time to time to meet the needs of our franchisees. All courses and learning events are
offered at frequent intervals and are designed to give you specific skill sets in the various facets of the conduct of
a McDonald’s restaurant, including such areas as guest satisfaction, operational standards, financial controls, and
leading people. The basic minimum core training, which you must complete to be qualified to operate a
McDonald’s restaurant, is known as the Candidate Development Program. Existing franchisees will not be
required to complete the curriculum to acquire an additional restaurant.
Our Candidate Development Program is deployed through Campus and Fred, which allows you to complete and
track the progress of your assigned learning online. You are also assigned a coach who helps with your assigned
learning, monitors your training, and verifies the skills acquired. It can take 6 months to two years to complete all
learning plans, from Shift Leader through Restaurant Leader. The time needed to complete a learning plan may
vary due to previous classes you have completed, and the amount of time you dedicate to training each week.
The complete training program and materials include many elements. There are various instructor-led classes,
computer-based learning (e-learning), coaching sessions, visual job aids, practical simulations, and verifications
for all stations and positions. The training method and manner are tailored to individual circumstances. As part
of the training program, you must perform and master all of the crew and management functions at the restaurant.
You do not receive compensation during the training program. McDonald’s does not charge you a fee to
complete the basic minimum core training provided at our field office training centers.
You are required to complete all curricula, including the Leading Great Restaurants Class conducted at HU in
Chicago, to McDonald’s satisfaction to be qualified to operate a McDonald’s restaurant. You must be fully
trained, in McDonald’s sole judgment, before you operate a restaurant.
At the opening of your restaurant, a franchise business partner will spend time with you providing assistance and
refinement of previous training and instruction.
You must complete the training program successfully before signing the Franchise Agreement or paying any
money to McDonald’s.
The experience of the instructors in the McDonald’s restaurant business averages 15 or more years. Instructors
include HU facilitators and field learning consultants. Bethany Tate Cornell, Senior Vice President and Chief
Learning and Development Officer, has been the head of our Learning and Development since November
2020. Prior to this role, Bethany held multiple leadership roles of various responsibility over a 30 year career in
IBM, Ethan Allen Home Interiors, Gap, Inc, General Electric and Boeing. Most recently, from April 2017 to
October 2020, she was the Vice President of Leadership, Learning and Organizational Capability at Boeing based
in St. Louis, Missouri.
McDonald’s bears the cost of maintaining HU and other designated training centers associated with providing
basic and advanced instruction in the Candidate Development Program, including the overhead cost of training,
staff salaries, materials, and all technical training tools. You are responsible for the costs of traveling, living,
compensation, and other expenses incurred by you and your employees in connection with attendance at HU or
other training facilities. You may also be charged a fee to cover McDonald’s costs of providing certain training
and related materials other than those associated with the Candidate Development Program. You are not an
employee of McDonald’s and are not compensated by McDonald’s for or during any training described in this
Item.
Annual meetings, conventions, various workshops, and other training sessions may be conducted on an ongoing
basis within each field office, and McDonald’s may require you to pay for the costs associated with that ongoing
-26-

