Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
NATURE OF BUSINESS

McDonald’s USA, LLC (the “Company”) is a limited liability company that franchises and operates McDonald’s restaurants in the restaurant
industry in the United States.
All restaurants are operated either by the Company or by franchisees, including conventional franchisees under franchise
arrangements, and affiliates under license agreements.
The following table presents restaurant information by ownership type:
Restaurants at December 31,

Franchised
Company-owned and operated
Total Systemwide restaurants

2024
12,886
671
13,557

2023
12,772
685
13,457

2022
12,751
693
13,444

The results of operations of restaurant businesses purchased and sold in transactions with franchisees were not material either
individually or in the aggregate to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of McDonald's Corporation ("McDonald’s"). On January 1, 2005, McDonald’s contributed
assets, net of liabilities, of $5,548.8 million to the Company. McDonald’s has retained legal title to certain of the property and equipment
assets, which are in turn used by the Company in accordance with extended intercompany agreements. McDonald’s or its affiliates directly
own the intellectual property rights in the U.S. and license or sublicense such rights to the Company. The financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of the Company could differ from the reported results had the Company operated as an autonomous entity
independent of McDonald’s.

CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.
On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its business relationships such as those with franchisees, joint venture partners, suppliers
and advertising cooperatives to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally, these businesses qualify for a scope exception under
the variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The Company has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not appropriate for
the periods presented.

ESTIMATES IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

Income Taxes
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2023-09,
"Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09"). The pronouncement expands the disclosure
requirements for income taxes, specifically related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2024. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that ASU 2023-09 will have on the
consolidated financial statement disclosures.
Disaggregation - Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, "Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation
Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses" ("ASU 2024-03"). The pronouncement expands the
disclosure requirements for expenses, specifically by providing more detailed information about the types of expenses in commonly
presented expense captions. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2027. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that ASU 2024-03 will have on the
Company's consolidated financial statement disclosures.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

The Company's revenues consist of sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees
and affiliates. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales with minimum rent
payments, and initial fees. Revenues from restaurants licensed to affiliates include a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally

McDonald's USA, LLC 5

