by this Note, provided that Lender provided Borrower and Guarantor with written notice of such missed
payment in the manner provided for in Part III, Section 6.2 of this Note within fifteen (15) days of such
missed payment being due.
Lender shall provide Borrower with the following notifications regarding any missed payments: (a)
as discussed above, written notice of such missed payment in the manner provided for in Part III, Section 6.2
of this Note within fifteen (15) days of such missed payment being due; (b) a phone call to Borrower within
fifteen (15) days after such missed payment was due; (c) a regular monthly bill for principal and interest that
includes the missed payment from the prior period and any interest accrued thirty (30) days after such missed
payment was due (or on such schedule as is in accordance with the Lender’s customary billing processes);
and (d) a default notice on or after the date sixty (60) days after such missed payment was due. Lender’s
failure to provide Borrower with such notifications within the aforesaid timeframes does not constitute a
waiver of Lender’s right to collect interest at the rate described in the preceding paragraph or otherwise
impair any of the Lender’s rights or remedies hereunder or under applicable law, provided that Lender shall
not exercise remedies hereunder until Lender provides Borrower with all such notifications.
This Note and any other indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, whether now existing or hereafter
arising, are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason
of acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness evidenced hereby or
otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to Lender for the use or the forbearance of the
indebtedness hereunder exceed the maximum permissible rate under applicable law (“Maximum Rate”).
As used herein, the term “applicable law” shall mean the law in effect as of the date of this Note, provided
however that in the event there is a change in the applicable law which results in a higher permissible
rate of interest, then this Note shall be governed by such new law as of its effective date. If due to any
circumstance whatsoever, fulfillment of any provisions of this Note at the time performance of such
provision shall be due shall exceed the Maximum Rate, then, automatically, the obligation to be fulfilled
shall be modified or reduced to the extent necessary to limit such interest to the Maximum Rate. If Lender
should ever receive anything of value deemed interest by applicable law which would exceed the
Maximum Rate, such excess shall be applied to the reduction of principal then outstanding and not to the
payment of interest, or, if such excess exceeds the principal then outstanding, such excess shall be repaid
to Borrower.
Borrower understands and agrees that in making the loan evidenced by this Note, Lender and
McDonald’s have agreed on certain matters with respect to such loan. Borrower further understands
that McDonald’s has executed a guaranty (“Guaranty”) which guaranties Borrower’s obligations
under this Note and that in connection with the Guaranty, McDonald’s will receive a Guaranty fee to
be paid by Lender. Lender may, and Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to, release to McDonald’s such
information about Borrower and the loan evidenced hereby as Lender deems necessary or appropriate,
including without limitation, Borrower’s financial statements and any information relating to Borrower’s
performance under this Note. McDonald’s may release to Lender such information about Borrower or
Borrower’s affiliates and the Franchise (as hereinafter defined) or any other McDonald’s franchise
Borrower or Borrower’s affiliates may own and operate. Lender may also condition its agreement to
any waiver, modification or amendment with respect to this Note on obtaining McDonald’s prior
written consent. Lender may, without incurring any liability to Borrower, notify McDonald’s of any Event
of Default, as defined below, under this Note prior to notifying Borrower. McDonald’s may, without
incurring any liability to Borrower, notify Lender of any breach of the Franchise, prior to notifying
Borrower. Lender shall not have any liability to Borrower as a result of any action taken or not taken
by Lender with respect to the loan evidenced by this Note in accordance with the written instructions of
a duly authorized officer, employee or agent of McDonald’s. Borrower acknowledges that Lender’s
rights under Section 6.1 below shall include without limitation Lender’s right to assign this Note to
McDonald’s at any time, whether or not there has occurred an Event of Default hereunder.

F-6

