a sale for the full price in the month during which such charge or sale shall be made, irrespective of the time when
the Franchisee shall receive payment (whether full or partial) therefor.
8.

(a)

System Fee. Franchisee shall pay a monthly system fee, based upon the Gross Sales of the

Restaurant for the preceding month immediately ended, on or before the tenth (10th) day of the following month.
The system fee consists of a [ ] percent ([ ]%) royalty plus the percent rent in the amount calculated using the chart
attached hereto as Schedule B and made a part hereof (FDD note: see Item 6, Footnote 2). Franchisee shall also
pay a Common Area Maintenance Fee (as set forth in Master Lease).
(b)

Method of Payment. Franchisee shall at all times participate in the McDonald’s automatic

debit/credit transfer program as specified by McDonald’s from time to time for the payment of all amounts due
McDonald’s pursuant to this Franchise. Franchisee shall execute and deliver to McDonald’s such documents and
instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic debit/credit transfer program.
(c)

Interest on Delinquencies. In the event that the Franchisee is past due on the payment of

any amount due McDonald’s under this Franchise, including accrued interest, the Franchisee shall be required, to
the extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to McDonald’s for the period beginning with
the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate equal to the highest rate allowed
by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then fifteen percent (15%). Such interest will be calculated
on the basis of monthly compounding and the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365.
9.

Annual Fee. Franchisee acknowledges that: (a) the initial grant of this Franchise constitutes the

sole consideration for the payment of an Annual Fee of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) to be paid by Franchisee
to McDonald’s on January 10 of each year this Franchise is in effect; and (b) the fee has been earned by
McDonald’s.
10.

Reports. On or before 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on the first business day of each month,

Franchisee shall render, in a manner specified by McDonald’s, a statement, in such form as McDonald’s shall
reasonably require from time to time, of all receipts from the operation of the Restaurant for the preceding month
immediately ended. On or before the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each month Franchisee shall submit to McDonald’s
an operating statement and a statistical report for the previous month in form satisfactory to McDonald’s.
Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of Gross Sales for at least three (3) years in a manner
and form satisfactory to McDonald’s and shall also deliver such additional financial and operating reports and other
information as McDonald’s may reasonably request on the forms and in the manner prescribed by McDonald’s.
Franchisee further agrees to submit within ninety (90) days following the close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s
operation, a profit and loss statement covering operations during such fiscal year and a balance sheet taken as of the
close of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The profit and
loss statement and the balance sheet shall, if McDonald’s shall request certification, be certified by a certified public
accountant. Franchisee shall at Franchisee’s expense cause Franchisee’s public accountant and certified public
accountant, if any, to consult with McDonald’s concerning such statement and balance sheet. The original of each

5

