such costs from the fuel facility operator. If your restaurant is located in an STR location, you may be
required to maintain a proportionate share of external common areas and obtain insurance for certain
common areas.

Item 10
Financing
Typically, no financing arrangements are offered by McDonald’s. As part of the Franchise Agreement,
McDonald’s issues an Operator’s Lease for each site owned or leased by McDonald’s. The Operator’s Lease is a
standard commercial lease under which you pay rent to McDonald’s for use of the premises. The Operator’s
Lease does not contain any financing terms. For BFL franchises, the Operator’s Lease provides for the lease of
the restaurant’s business facilities as well as the premises. The BFL arrangement does not contain any financing
terms but may provide a conditional option for you to purchase certain restaurant assets from us for a lump sum
(see Item 6). In that case, a BFL Rider which contains the option is attached to the Franchise Agreement. The
BFL Rider is attached as Exhibit F, and the Operator’s Lease is attached as Exhibit G.
Our predecessor may, at its discretion, guarantee loans made by a third party lender, Bank of America,
N.A., a National Banking Association (the “Lender”), to franchisees and registered applicants for remodeling
existing restaurants, acquiring restaurant businesses, purchasing restaurant assets by exercising the option under a
BFL Rider, and for other reasons approved by McDonald’s. The Lender will prepare all the necessary documents
and will handle the processing, payments, customer service, and collections according to standards developed by
us. Our predecessor will provide a guarantee to the Lender for these obligations and in return will receive a
guarantee fee (currently equal to 1.50% of average outstanding balance) in consideration for the risks and costs
associated with the guaranteed loans. The rate on these loans will typically be Term Secured Overnight Financing
Rate (“SOFR”) plus the SOFR adjustment (currently 0.10%) plus a percentage to be determined by the Lender
and our predecessor (initially, three percent (3.00%) and subject to change as agreed upon in writing by Lender
and our predecessor) which may be prepaid with no penalty. As of March 17, 2025, Term Rate SOFR was 4.42%
(inclusive of SOFR adjustment of 0.10%). Loans terms typically will range from 3 to 5 years with a 7-year
amortization. They will be secured by restaurant equipment, seating, signage, decor, and inventory. The loan
amount will vary depending on the purpose for which the loan is to be used. A personal guarantee from the
franchisee and his or her spouse will be required and, should a legal dispute arise, the franchisee agrees to waive
the right to a jury trial and agrees not to consolidate the action with others. A default on these loans will be
considered a default under the Franchise Agreement, and the franchisee will be required to sign an Operator
Assistance Program Agreement with us (see Exhibit N). As part of the Operator Assistance Program Agreement,
the franchisee agrees to waive all claims against McDonald’s. As of March 17, 2025, the annual percentage rate
(APR) was 7.42%. All loan participants will be required to permit electronic debiting of accounts for payment.
The financing documents are typically a Promissory Note, Security Agreement, Authorization for ACH Drafting
of Loan Payments, and Operator Assistance Program Agreement similar to the documents in Exhibit N.

Item 11
Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems, and Training
Except as listed below, McDonald’s is not required to provide you with any assistance.
Our Pre-Opening Obligations:
Construct or have others construct, remodel, or otherwise prepare the premises for the McDonald’s restaurant in
accordance with our then-current plans and specifications and with local ordinances and building codes. We will
deliver the premises to you when they are sufficiently completed to allow you to install, at your sole cost and
expense, the signs, trade fixtures, equipment, and other personal property and improvements necessary to
complete the premises for operation of a McDonald’s restaurant. If the restaurant has not been constructed or is
not ready for occupancy when the Franchise Agreement is executed, we will use our best efforts to expedite the
construction. We either own the premises or lease it from the owner and lease or sublease the premises to you
(Franchise Agreement – Section 9, Operator’s Lease – Section 2.06).

-22-

