and delivered in person or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid. Notice to Borrower shall
be addressed to:
, with a copy to McDonald’s Corporation, 110 North Carpenter Street, Dept.
200, Chicago, Illinois 60607 Attention: Treasurer. Notice to Lender shall be addressed to Bank of
America, N.A., 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA 02110, U.S.A., Mail Code MA5-100-09-04, Attention:
Dan Robson.

6.3
Severability. The provisions of this Note are severable, and if any provision of
this Note shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable such
determination shall not affect the validity of any other provision of this Note.
6.4
Waiver. Lender’s failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege
under this Note shall not preclude its exercise of any other or further right, power or privilege under
this Note. Lender’s waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default under this Note shall neither
constitute a waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default, nor shall it constitute a waiver of any
future default of the same or of any other term of this Note. All rights and remedies in this Note are
cumulative and not exclusive of any other legal rights or remedies. No waiver of Borrower’s breach of any
term or condition of this Note shall be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized
representative of Lender.
6.5

Governing Law. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Note and the
obligations hereunder are to be governed by and under the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without
regard to its conflicts of law rules. Borrower agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Note
may be brought in the courts of the State of Illinois or any Federal Court sitting therein and consents
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such court and to service of
process in any such suit being made upon Borrower by mail at Borrower’s address specified herein.
Borrower hereby waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or
any such court or that such suit was brought in an inconvenient court.

6.6
Section Headings. The various headings used in this Note are inserted for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretations of this Note or any provision hereof.
6.7
Agency. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that all of the rights and remedies
which may be exercised by Lender under this Note, and all demands and notices which may be given by
Lender under this Note, may be exercised and/or given (as the case may be) by an agent appointed by
Lender for such purposes and identified to Borrower in writing by Lender from time to time.
6.8
Waivers, Amendments, Discharges. No provision or term of this Note may be
waived, amended or otherwise modified except by an agreement in writing signed by Lender in the
case of a waiver, and, in the case of an amendment or other modification, by Lender and Borrower,
and, in each case, consented to in writing by McDonald’s, and any oral waiver, amendment or
modification of any provision or term hereof shall be without authority and of no force and effect. Any
such waiver, amendment or modification shall be effective only in the specific instances and for the
purposes and to the extent therein specified.
6.9
Electronic Execution; Counterparts. This Note, any related document and any other
Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic
Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and the Lender agree that any
Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such entity to
the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic
Signature will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity enforceable against such entity
in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was
delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient,
F-12

