know how, strategies, promotions, research, prospects, employee relations or development of McDonald’s
or any Affiliate thereof or their respective franchisees, suppliers, clients or customers. Candidate
acknowledges and agrees that Candidate may have access to information and materials of a highly sensitive
nature (including Confidential Information) and he or she intends to protect the legitimate business interests
of McDonald’s and its Affiliates therein. Candidate agrees that during the term of this Agreement and at
all times thereafter, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Candidate shall not use for his or her
benefit or the benefit of any other person, and shall not disclose to any other person, any Confidential
Information. Candidate shall use his or her best efforts and utmost diligence to safeguard the Confidential
Information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft. Upon termination of
Candidate’s participation in the Training Program, Candidate shall immediately return all Confidential
Information, including all training and operating manuals, provided to or acquired by Candidate. In the
event that Candidate is required by law or court order to disclose any Confidential Information, Candidate
shall (i) to the extent permitted by such law or court order, provide written notice to McDonald’s of such
required disclosure or court order as soon as reasonably possible, (ii) cooperate with McDonald’s to
preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information consistent with applicable law and (iii) use
his or her best efforts to limit any such disclosure to the minimum disclosure necessary to comply with such
law or court order. The Parties agree that any threatened or existing breach of this Section 9 would cause
McDonald’s irreparable injury for which it would have no adequate remedy at law. In each such case, the
Parties agree that McDonald’s shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief prohibiting such violation, in
addition to any other rights and remedies available to McDonald’s.
10.
Candidate is aware that applicable securities laws restrict persons with material, non-public
information concerning McDonald’s Corporation (including, without limitation, Confidential Information)
from purchasing or selling securities of McDonald’s Corporation or from communicating such information
to any other person or entity under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such other
person or entity is likely to purchase or sell such securities.
11.
Candidate shall not, without the prior written consent of an officer of McDonald’s, use the
tradename, service marks or trademarks of McDonald’s or any Affiliate for any purposes, including but not
limited to, in any advertising, publicity release or sales representation.
12.
This Agreement is personal to Candidate and it may not be transferred by assignment, will,
or operation of law. Neither McDonald’s nor Candidate shall have any right to act on behalf of or bind the
other party for any purpose. Candidate shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations related
to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. Candidate represents that his or her execution of this
Agreement, and his or her participation in the Training Program, does not violate any other agreement or
contract that is binding on Candidate. When participating in the Training Program, Candidate agrees to use
his or her best efforts to comply with the terms, conditions and schedule of the Training Program. All
material and information provided to McDonald’s by Candidate in applying to the Training Program was
true, complete and accurate.
13.
This Agreement, with the Preliminary Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all prior
and/or contemporaneous oral agreements or understandings of the Parties. No change, modification,
amendment, or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon McDonald’s unless
in writing, specifically identified as an amendment, and signed by an officer or franchising director of
McDonald’s. Candidate acknowledges that neither McDonald’s nor anyone acting on behalf of
McDonald’s has made any representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise,
regarding the subject matter of this Agreement which are not embodied in this Agreement.

3

