[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM – OIL
(Oil Partner as Head Landlord and McDonald’s USA, LLC is tenant
under a Ground Lease and Operating Agreement with an oil partner)
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or
a portion of the Premises under the Head Lease described in Article 1.05. The Head Lease provides
for the joint operation of a fuel facility, McDonald’s Restaurant and convenience store, and if
provided for in the Head Lease, the operation of a car wash, at the property as defined in the Head
Lease.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH HEAD LEASE: Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the terms and
conditions of this Lease are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Head Lease
and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies between this Lease and the
Head Lease, the more restrictive obligations of the Head Lease will prevail. Tenant will not, in its
use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do,
anything which would give rise to any right of the landlord under the Head Lease (“Head Landlord”)
to terminate the Head Lease or any rights of Landlord. Tenant will perform, comply with and
discharge all obligations which Landlord is required to comply with and discharge under the Head
Lease, including but not limited to, payment of all charges, costs and expenses set forth in
Article 3.01 of this Lease. Such payments shall not, however, include payment of Landlord’s
monthly basic rental obligations under the Head Lease.
3. TENANT’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Tenant agrees to promptly provide to Landlord insurance policies or certificates, off-set statements,
statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other statement, record or
document which may be required, from time to time, by the Head Landlord under the terms of the
Head Lease. All certificates or policies of insurance so required will also name the Head Landlord
as co-insured or additional insured, as the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF LANDLORD’S RIGHTS UNDER HEAD LEASE: It is acknowledged that the
Head Landlord may have certain obligations under the Head Lease to maintain and repair the
Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and special charges and
impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the event of damage by
fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and perform other
obligations set forth in the Head Lease. If these obligations exist, Landlord agrees to make a good
faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of Head Landlord’s obligations, but Landlord
will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and duties under this Lease or be liable for
any resulting loss or claim of Tenant if Landlord is not able to enforce its rights under the Head
Lease. With respect to Landlord’s obligation to repair and restore the Premises in the event of
damage or destruction by fire or any other cause, Landlord’s obligations are conditioned upon
Landlord obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Head Landlord, as it may be required, and
the compliance of Head Landlord with all of Head Landlord’s duties under the Head Lease; and
Landlord will not be liable to Tenant for any damage, claim or injury resulting from Landlord’s inability
to repair or restore the Premises due to a default or breach of the Head Lease by the Head Landlord.

1

