Candidate’s participation in the Training Program, Candidate shall immediately return all Confidential
Information, including all training and operating manuals, provided to or acquired by Candidate. In the
event that Candidate is required by law or court order to disclose any Confidential Information, Candidate
shall (i) to the extent permitted by such law or court order, provide written notice to McDonald’s of such
required disclosure or court order as soon as reasonably possible, (ii) cooperate with McDonald’s to
preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information consistent with applicable law and (iii) use
his/her best efforts to limit any such disclosure to the minimum disclosure necessary to comply with such
law or court order. The Parties agree that any threatened or existing breach of this Section 4 would cause
McDonald’s irreparable injury for which it would have no adequate remedy at law. In each such case, the
Parties agree that McDonald’s shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief prohibiting such violation, in
addition to any other rights and remedies available to McDonald’s.
5.
This Agreement is personal to Candidate and it may not be transferred by assignment, will,
or operation of law. Neither McDonald’s nor Candidate shall have any right to act on behalf of or bind the
other party for any purpose. Candidate shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations related
to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. Candidate represents that his or her execution of this
Agreement, and his or her participation in the Training Program, does not violate any other agreement or
contract that is binding on Candidate. When participating in the Training Program, Candidate agrees to use
his or her best efforts to comply with the terms, conditions and schedule of the Training Program. All
material and information provided to McDonald’s by Candidate in applying to the Training Program was
true, complete and accurate.
6.
No franchise offer by McDonald’s will come into existence except by a written document
executed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, which is specifically identified as a Franchise
Agreement. This Agreement is not an offer of a franchise or a commitment or promise by McDonald’s to
offer Candidate a franchise and McDonald’s decision to make any franchise offer rests in McDonald’s sole
discretion.
7.
Candidate acknowledges receipt of the Disclosure Document together with various
attachments. Candidate must hold the Disclosure Document for fourteen (14) calendar days before signing
this Agreement. Candidate further acknowledges being advised by McDonald’s to read such material
carefully.
8.
Candidate’s participation in the Training Program may be terminated by either the
Candidate or McDonald’s at any time, with or without cause. In the event McDonald’s notifies Candidate
at any time during the Training Program that it will not offer a franchise to Candidate, in McDonald’s sole
discretion, Candidate’s participation in the Training Program will automatically terminate upon such
notification. This Agreement will terminate if Candidate’s participation in the Training Program terminates
for any reason. This Agreement will automatically terminate if the Contractor Agreement has been
terminated. If this Agreement is terminated, the Contractor Agreement will automatically terminate.
Alternate Paragraph 9 for Registered Applicants:
9.
Upon written notice from McDonald’s that Candidate has successfully completed the
Training Program and achieved “Qualified to Buy” status, Candidate will have up to 12-months to accept
a franchise opportunity(ies).
In the event the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire ownership in a traditional restaurant within
the 12-month time period, the qualified Candidate may request an extension of time to acquire ownership
from the US Franchising Placement Director. This is NOT an automatic extension and the decision is in
McDonald’s sole discretion. The Candidate is required to request the extension 60 days prior to the

3

