advertising and promotional programs for McDonald’s restaurants; knowledge of suppliers, methods of ordering
and specifications for products, materials, and supplies; knowledge of the operating results, financial information,
and financial performance information; customer communication and retention programs; graphic designs;
intellectual property; recipes, formulae and food preparation processes; information generated by, or used or
developed in, the operation of a restaurant; and any other information McDonald’s may designate as confidential
or proprietary. You must follow our rules when you use the O&T Manual and any other confidential and
proprietary information. You must keep them absolutely confidential at all times, and you must take all
reasonable steps to prevent improper disclosure to others.
In addition, you must not disclose (unless approved or required by McDonald’s) financial performance,
operating results, or sales information (collectively, the “Financial Information”) relating to your McDonald’s
restaurant where: (a) McDonald’s has not publicly disclosed its financial performance for the period; (b) it is
reasonably foreseeable that such Financial Information will be consolidated with the Financial Information of
other McDonald’s restaurants; and (c) it is reasonably foreseeable that the Financial Information or consolidated
Financial Information will be made public and/or be used to influence investment decisions regarding
McDonald’s common stock.
Using McDonald’s confidential and proprietary information or the Financial Information in an
unauthorized manner is strictly prohibited. Failure to maintain the confidentiality of this information and/or the
unauthorized use or disclosure of this information may lead to civil or criminal prosecution as well as the
termination of the Franchise Agreement.

Item 15
Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchise Business
We require you to provide full time and best efforts to, and personal on-premises supervision of, the
day-to-day operation of your McDonald’s restaurant business. This duty is stated in paragraphs 1(e) and 13 of the
Franchise Agreement.

Item 16
Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell
You may sell only products authorized by McDonald’s and use the premises only as a McDonald’s
restaurant. In the dispensing and sale of these products, you may use only packaging, paper goods, ingredients,
and handling and preparation methods that meet the McDonald’s System specifications and quality standards
which we may designate and modify. We have the right to add, delete, or change authorized products that you are
required to offer. There are no limits on our right to do so. See Items 8 and 9.
The McDonald’s System is a comprehensive restaurant system for the retailing of a limited menu of
uniform and quality food and beverage products, which McDonald’s may modify at any time at its discretion.
You must operate the restaurant in conformity with the entire McDonald’s System at all times, including serving
at the restaurant a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food specifications, preparation
methods, quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service. See Items 8 and 9.
We impose no limitations on the customers to whom you may sell goods and services, provided that you
adopt and use the McDonald’s System only at the specific restaurant developed by McDonald’s and franchised to
you. See Item 12.

Item 17
Renewal, Termination, Transfer, and Dispute Resolution
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.
-31-

