a)
b)
c)

owns, or has the right to use, directly or indirectly, any property used for or in
connection with the operation of the Restaurant which is not a part of the assets
being conveyed to Assignee;
owns, directly or indirectly, all or part of any business which is a party to any
business arrangements concerning the Restaurant; or
owns or has an interest in any real estate located within a radius of 500 yards of
the Restaurant, excluding real estate leased to Assignor by McDonald’s.

16.
Assignee’s failure to comply with National Restaurant Building and Equipment
Standards (“NRBES”) at the Restaurant before __________________ may result in Assignee not
complying with the National Franchising Standards.
17.
As of the Effective Date, Assignor agrees that if any Franchise contains a paragraph
entitled “Interference with Employment Relations of Others,” such Franchise is hereby amended to
eliminate Paragraph 14. If the Franchise does not contain a paragraph entitled “Interference with
Employment Relations of Others,” such Franchise shall remain unchanged.
18.
Assignor and Assignee hereby represent and warrant that they have executed the Bigger,
Bolder Vision 2020 Commitment Letter, as amended (the “BBV2020 Letter”). Assignor and Assignee
agree to abide by and perform all terms, conditions, and obligations outlined in the BBV2020 Letter.
19.
On the Effective Date, Assignor assigns, transfers, and sets over to Assignee all right,
interest, duties, and obligations of Assignor in any commitment letter, letter agreement, contract or other
similar agreement with McDonald’s for the Restaurant in connection with the BBV2020 Letter, the
Experience of the Future (“EOTF”) or other construction or development project or test at the Restaurant
(collectively, the “Commitment Letter”). Assignee accepts the assignment of the Commitment Letter and
agrees to abide by and perform all terms, conditions, and obligations outlined in the Commitment
Letter. Assignee also assumes full and unconditional liability under the Commitment Letter.
20.
It is Assignor’s obligation to provide, and Assignee’s obligation to obtain, all project
costs and payment records for any construction projects that are in progress or completed at the
Restaurant(s). Assignee shall be responsible for any remaining construction payments owed to
McDonald’s related to the Restaurant(s).
21.
The parties’ respective successors, assigns, heirs, and personal representatives are bound
by this Assignment. All obligations, agreements, representations, and warranties made by more than one
party will be joint and several even if it is not so stated in the relevant paragraph.
22.
At any time during normal business hours, McDonald’s may examine and copy any of
Assignor’s or Assignee’s records, books, financial records, tax returns, or other documents for the
purpose of insuring compliance with the Franchise and this Assignment.
23.

All Exhibits to this Assignment are a part of this Assignment.

24.
This Assignment is not an approval by McDonald’s of the Agreement or any other
documents pertaining to it and McDonald’s is not a party to the Agreement or bound by it. Assignee
acknowledges that Assignee is acquiring the Restaurant and the Franchise pursuant to an arms-length sale
between operators in which Assignor and Assignee exercised their own, independent business judgment
in arriving at the purchase price for the Restaurant and the Franchise. McDonald’s neither established nor
negotiated that price. Assignee entered into the Agreement voluntarily, with the advice of any attorneys,
accountants, and valuation experts of its choosing, following a sales process that afforded Assignee a full
and fair opportunity to visually inspect the Restaurant and Franchise, discuss the condition with Assignor,
and conduct any other due diligence Assignee believed was necessary. In connection with the Agreement
and/or this Assignment, Assignee hereby acknowledges and agrees that McDonald’s has not made, and is
not making, any express or implied representations, warranties, guarantees, promises, or assurances,
3

