17.

Insurance. Franchisee shall, upon taking possession of the Restaurant, acquire and maintain in

effect not less than the following coverages in the following minimum amounts:
(a)

Worker’s Compensation insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Restaurant

is located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $1,000,000 minimum limit. If the state in which the Restaurant
is located allows the option of not carrying Worker’s Compensation Insurance, and Franchisee chooses to exercise
that option, Franchisee shall nonetheless carry and maintain other insurance with coverage and limits as approved
by McDonald’s.
(b)

Commercial general liability insurance in a form approved by McDonald’s with a limit of

$10,000,000 per occurrence/$10,000,000 aggregate.
(c)

All such insurance as may be required under the Master Lease.
All insurance policies required to be carried hereunder shall name McDonald’s USA, LLC,

the applicable Wal-Mart entity, and any party designated by McDonald’s as additional insureds, as their interests
may appear in this Franchise. All policies shall be effective on or prior to the date Franchisee is given possession
of the Restaurant premises for the purpose of installing equipment or opening the Restaurant, whichever occurs
first, and evidence of payment of premiums and duplicate copies of policies of the insurance required herein shall
be delivered to McDonald’s at least thirty (30) days prior to the date that Franchisee opens for business and/or thirty
(30) days prior to the expiration date of an existing policy of insurance. All policies of insurance shall include a
provision prohibiting cancellations or material changes to the policy thereof until thirty (30) days prior written
notice has been given to McDonald’s.
In the event Franchisee shall fail to obtain the insurance required herein, McDonald’s may,
but is not obligated to, purchase said insurance, adding the premiums paid to Franchisee’s monthly rent. (Franchisee
may authorize McDonald’s to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Franchisee’s behalf.
However, McDonald’s, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no responsibility for premium
expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Franchisee.) McDonald’s may relieve itself of all
obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of such required insurance coverage by giving ten (10)
days written notice to Franchisee.
All insurance shall be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business
in the state in which the Restaurant is located and having a Financial Size Category equal to or greater than IX and
Policyholders Rating of “A+” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc., unless otherwise approved
by McDonald’s.
18.

Material Breach. The parties agree that the happening of any of the following events shall

constitute a material breach of this Franchise and violate the essence of Franchisee’s obligations and, without
prejudice to any of its other rights or remedies at law or in equity, McDonald’s, at its election, may terminate this
Franchise upon the happening of any of the following events:
(a)

Franchisee shall fail to maintain and operate the Restaurant in a good, clean, wholesome

manner and in compliance with the standards prescribed by the McDonald’s System;

10

