EXHIBIT M
NEW TERM OFFER LETTER
PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL/VIA PARTNERS MAIL
RE:

McDonald’s Restaurant
L/C:
(the “Restaurant”)

(Approved Operator(s) on Franchise):
As you know, your franchise for the Restaurant expires on (Expiration Date).
OFFER OF A NEW TERM FRANCHISE
The Vice President of the Field Office has recommended that you be offered a new term franchise for the Restaurant.
Members of the New Term Committee have reviewed the recommendation, including your compliance with the
National Franchising Standards and Franchise Agreement and your contributions to the System.
Based on this information, the New Term Committee has approved the offer of a new term franchise to you upon the
expiration of the existing franchise, subject to your continued compliance with the National Franchising Standards and
Franchise Agreement throughout the remainder of the term of the existing franchise.
FEES AND TERMS
The new term franchise documents, including Franchise Agreement and Operator’s Lease, will be those in use at the
start of the new term franchise.
The terms of the new franchise are as follows:
INITIAL FEE:

Initial fee in effect at the start of the new term franchise.

ROYALTY:

Royalty will remain the same as the previous rate for the Restaurant

FRANCHISE TERM:

Franchise term will be consistent with McDonald’s real estate tenure
but not beyond 20 years

RENT:

Rent will be calculated in accordance with McDonald’s new term rent
policy in effect at the start of the new term franchise.

NEW TERM FRANCHISE OWNERSHIP
The new franchise will be granted to (Approved Operator(s) on Franchise), individually. (Approved Operator(s) on
Franchise) will be required to personally devote full time and best efforts to the operation of the Restaurant business
and will be the “approved operator(s)” of the Restaurant. This offer may not be accepted by any other person or entity
or transferred by assignment, will, or operation of law, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s.
Please note the franchise is issued to you individually. If you want to operate the restaurant business using an
operating entity, you need to request an assignment of the franchise to your operating entity, including the name of
your operating entity and the percentage breakdown of its equity ownership. McDonald’s USA, LLC must approve
any assignment of the franchise, which will not release you from any obligations under the franchise.
For further information, refer to the Basic Estate and Business Planning Booklet on the Franchising page in
@mcd.com (under Key Documents). You may wish to consult with your attorney regarding the advantages and
disadvantages of forming an operating entity.
1

