Franchisee shall expend during each calendar year for advertising and promotion of the Restaurant
to the general public an amount which is not less than four percent (4%) of Gross Sales (as that term is defined in
paragraph 7) for such year. Expenditures by Franchisee to national and regional cooperative advertising and
promotion of the McDonald’s System, or to a group of McDonald’s restaurants which includes the Restaurant, shall
be a credit against the required minimum expenditures for advertising and promotion to the general public.
6.

Training. McDonald’s shall make available to Franchisee the services of Hamburger University,

the international training center for the McDonald’s System. Franchisee acknowledges the importance of quality
of business operation among all restaurants in the McDonald’s System and agrees to enroll Franchisee and
Franchisee’s managers, present and future, at Hamburger University or at such other training center as may be
designated by McDonald’s from time to time. McDonald’s shall bear the cost of maintaining Hamburger University
and any other training centers, including the overhead costs of training, staff salaries, materials, and all technical
training tools, and agrees to provide to Franchisee both basic and advanced instruction for the operation of a
McDonald’s System restaurant. Franchisee shall pay all traveling, living, compensation, or other expenses incurred
by Franchisee and Franchisee’s employees in connection with attendance at Hamburger University or such other
training centers.
7.

Gross Sales. For the purposes of this Franchise, the term “Gross Sales” shall mean all revenues

from sales of the Franchisee based upon all business conducted upon or from the Restaurant, whether such sales be
evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, exchange, or otherwise, and shall include, but not be limited to,
the amounts received from the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise, including sales of food, beverages, and
tangible property of every kind and nature, promotional or otherwise, and for services performed from or at the
Restaurant, together with the amount of all orders taken or received at the Restaurant, whether such orders be filled
from the Restaurant or elsewhere. Gross Sales shall not include sales of merchandise for which cash has been
refunded, provided that such sales shall have previously been included in Gross Sales. There shall be deducted
from Gross Sales the price of merchandise returned by customers for exchange, provided that such returned
merchandise shall have been previously included in Gross Sales, and provided that the sales price of merchandise
delivered to the customer in exchange shall be included in Gross Sales. Gross Sales shall not include the amount
of any sales tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental authority directly on sales and
collected from customers, provided that the amount thereof is added to the selling price or absorbed therein and
actually paid by the Franchisee to such governmental authority. Each charge or sale upon credit shall be treated as
a sale for the full price in the month during which such charge or sale shall be made, irrespective of the time when
the Franchisee shall receive payment (whether full or partial) therefor.
8.

(a)

Royalty. Franchisee shall pay a monthly royalty on or before the tenth (10th) day of the

following month in an amount equal to [ ] percent ([ ]%) of the Gross Sales of the Restaurant (FDD note: see Item
6, Footnote 2) for the preceding month immediately ended.
(b)

Method of Payment. Franchisee shall at all times participate in the McDonald’s automatic

debit/credit transfer program as specified by McDonald’s from time to time for the payment of all amounts due

4

