2022, he was Senior Manager, Deals & Business Development, at Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen (Restaurant Brands
International) located in Miami, Florida. From January 2020 to December 2020, he was Co-Founder and CIO of
Vishni Capital Advisors, LLC, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Item 3
Litigation
Pending Cases
Leinani Deslandes, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, and McDonald’s Corporation and Does 1-10 (Case No. 1:17cv-04857). On June 28, 2017, plaintiff, a former franchisee employee, filed a complaint against us and our
predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, alleging that a provision of
McDonald’s franchise agreement unlawfully prohibited her from obtaining a position at a nearby franchise that
would have paid her more money and, as a consequence, she suffered reduced wages, loss of professional growth
opportunities and illegal working conditions. Plaintiff asserts we and our predecessor engaged in unlawful
contracts and unfair competition in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act, the Illinois Antitrust Act, and the
Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act. Plaintiff seeks class certification, damages,
restitution, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses and a permanent injunction enjoining McDonald’s from enforcing
the franchise agreement provision at issue in the complaint. On September 18, 2017, plaintiff filed an amended
complaint. On October 2, 2017, McDonald’s filed a motion to dismiss plaintiff’s amended complaint, and on
June 25, 2018 the court denied that motion. On June 28, 2022, the court granted our motion for judgment on the
pleadings, entering judgment in McDonald’s favor. On July 27, 2022, plaintiff filed an appeal. On August 25,
2023, the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reversed the district court’s ruling and remanded
the case back to the district court for further proceedings. On November 21, 2023, we and our predecessor asked
the United States Supreme Court to review and reverse the appellate court’s decision, which the Supreme Court
denied. The case has returned to the district court for further proceedings. We and our predecessor intend to
defend our interests vigorously in this case.
Stephanie Turner v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:19-cv-05524). On August
15, 2019, plaintiff, who worked in corporate-owned and franchisee-owned restaurants, filed a complaint against
us and our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division. Her complaint
alleges that a provision of McDonald’s franchise agreement unlawfully prohibited her from obtaining a position at
other McDonald’s-brand restaurants that would have paid her more money and, as a consequence, she suffered
reduced wages, loss of professional growth opportunities and illegal working conditions. Plaintiff asserts that we
and our predecessor engaged in unlawful contracts and unfair competition in violation of the Sherman Antitrust
Act. On October 15, 2019, we moved to dismiss plaintiff’s claims, and on April 24, 2020, the court denied that
motion. On June 28, 2022, the court granted our motion for judgment on the pleadings, entering judgment in
McDonald’s favor. On July 27, 2022, plaintiff filed an appeal. On August 25, 2023, the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reversed the district court’s ruling and remanded the case back to the district court
for further proceedings. On November 21, 2023, we and our predecessor asked the United States Supreme Court
to review and reverse the appellate court’s decision, which the Supreme Court denied. The case has returned to
the district court for further proceedings. We and our predecessor intend to defend our interests vigorously in this
case.
Christine Crawford, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:20-cv-05132). On
August 31, 2020, plaintiffs, seventy-seven former franchisees, filed a complaint against us and our predecessor in
the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division. Their complaint alleges that we and our
predecessor discriminated against Black franchisees on the basis of their race. Plaintiffs claim that their
allegations constitute bad faith breach of their franchise agreements, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent
omission, and violate federal civil rights laws. Plaintiffs seek declaratory relief, compensatory and punitive
damages, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On October 23, 2020, we and our predecessor moved to dismiss
plaintiffs’ claims. On November 16, 2020, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint which added twenty-eight
former franchisees and deleted three former franchisees, bringing the total number of plaintiffs to seventy-seven.
On December 21, 2020, we and our predecessor moved to dismiss plaintiffs’ amended complaint, which the court
granted on September 28, 2022. The court allowed plaintiffs to file another amended complaint. Forty-eight of
the plaintiffs retained new counsel, and the court severed those plaintiffs into a separate but related case. Both
-4-

