include initial fees. The Company’s Other revenues are comprised of fees paid by franchisees to recover a portion of costs incurred by the
Company for various technology platforms and revenues from brand licensing arrangements to market and sell consumer packaged goods
using the McDonald’s brand.
Sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants are recognized on a cash basis at the time of the underlying sale and are
presented net of sales tax and other sales-related taxes. Royalty revenues are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the
underlying sales occur. Rental income includes both minimum rent payments, which are recognized straight-line over the franchise term,
and variable rent payments based on a percent of sales, which are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. Initial fees are
recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the franchise term, which is generally 20 years.
The Company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the
franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the Company provides. The Company has
determined that it is the principal in these arrangements. Accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated
Statement of Income. These revenues are recognized as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee, and related expenses are
recognized as incurred, primarily within Other restaurant expenses. Brand licensing arrangement revenues are based on a percent of sales
and are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment are stated at cost, with depreciation and amortization provided using the straight-line method over the following
estimated useful lives: buildings–up to 40 years; leasehold improvements–the lesser of useful lives of assets or lease terms which generally
include certain option periods; and equipment–3 to 12 years. McDonald’s has retained legal title to certain of the property and equipment
assets, which are in turn used by the Company in accordance with extended intercompany agreements.
The Company periodically reviews these lives relative to physical factors, economic factors and industry trends. If there are changes in
the planned use of property and equipment, or if technological changes occur more rapidly than anticipated, the useful lives assigned to
these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the accelerated recognition of depreciation and amortization expense or write-offs in
future periods.
The Company may share in the cost of certain restaurant improvements with its franchisees. Since McDonald's manages the project
and provides up front funding in these instances, during the project the Company estimates which costs are the responsibility of McDonald's
and which are the responsibility of the franchisee and allocates the corresponding costs between Property and equipment and Accounts
receivable. Upon the completion of the project, the allocation of costs is finalized and may result in immaterial adjustments to the balances
and associated depreciation expense.

LEASING

The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally
owns the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease
liability reflect the present value of the Company’s estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options
that are reasonably assured of being exercised, discounted using the rate implicit in each lease, if determinable, or a collateralized
incremental borrowing rate considering the term of the lease and particular currency environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months
or less, primarily related to leases of office equipment, are not included in the Lease right-of-use asset or Lease liability and continue to be
recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components in its lessee portfolio. To the extent that
occupancy costs, such as site maintenance, are included in the asset and liability, the impact is immaterial and is generally limited to
Company-owned and operated restaurant locations. For franchised locations, which represent the majority of the restaurant portfolio, the
related occupancy costs including property taxes, insurance and site maintenance are generally required to be paid by the franchisees as
part of the franchise arrangement. In addition, the Company is the lessee under non-restaurant related leases such as office buildings,
vehicles and office equipment. These leases are not a material subset of the Company’s lease portfolio.

CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE

Capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which
primarily ranges from 3 to 10 years. Customer facing software is typically amortized over a shorter useful life, while back office and
Corporate systems may have a longer useful life. Capitalized software less accumulated amortization is recorded within Miscellaneous other
assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and was (in millions): 2024-$71.9; 2023-$91.7; 2022-$104.6.
The Company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable or if an indicator of impairment exists. The Company did not identify any indicators of material
impairment of capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.

McDonald's USA, LLC 6

