LONG-LIVED ASSETS

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For purposes of annually reviewing McDonald’s restaurant assets for potential
impairment, assets are initially grouped together in the U.S. at a field office level. The Company manages its restaurants as a group or
portfolio with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant’s cash flows are not generally
independent of the cash flows of others in a market. If an indicator of impairment exists for any grouping of assets, an estimate of
undiscounted future cash flows produced by each individual restaurant within the asset grouping is compared to its carrying value. If an
individual restaurant is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the restaurant over its fair
value as determined by an estimate of discounted future cash flows.
Losses on assets held for disposal are recognized when management and the Company's Board of Directors, as required, have
approved and committed to a plan to dispose of the assets, the assets are available for disposal and the disposal is probable of occurring
within 12 months, and the net sales proceeds are expected to be less than its net book value, among other factors. Generally, such losses
are related to restaurants that have closed and ceased operations as well as other assets that meet the criteria to be considered “held for
sale".
GOODWILL

Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets of acquired restaurants and other
businesses, and it is generally assigned to the reporting unit (defined as the US market). The Company’s goodwill primarily results from
purchases of McDonald’s restaurants from franchisees. When purchasing restaurants from a franchisee, the Company generally uses a
discounted cash flow methodology (Level 3 inputs within the valuation hierarchy), which determines the fair value of restaurants acquired
based on their expected profitability and cash flows. During 2024, the Company acquired restaurants from franchisees in order to expand its
Company-owned and operated restaurant footprint in key growth areas and to support key strategic franchising initiatives. In conjunction
with these purchases, the company recorded approximately $10 million of net tangible assets, $110 million of identifiable intangible assets
and $20 million of goodwill. These acquisitions did not have a material impact on the amount of recorded revenues or net income of the
Company. If a Company-owned and operated restaurant is sold within 24 months of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquisition
is written off in its entirety. If a Company-owned and operated restaurant is sold beyond 24 months from the acquisition, the amount of
goodwill written-off is based on the relative fair value of the business sold compared to the fair value of the reporting unit. Company-owned
and operated restaurant sales were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The Company conducts goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of each year or whenever indicators of impairment exist. If an
indicator of impairment exists, the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit, generally based on discounted future
cash flows, with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is
recorded for the difference. In the current period, the Company performed a qualitative assessment and did not identify any indicators of
impairment. Historically, goodwill impairment has not significantly impacted the consolidated financial statements.
ADVERTISING COSTS

Advertising costs included in operating expenses of Company-owned and operated restaurants primarily consist of contributions to
advertising cooperatives based upon a percent of sales, and were (in millions): 2024–$94.9; 2023–$92.0; 2022–$84.0.
In addition, significant advertising costs are incurred by conventional franchisees through contributions to advertising cooperatives that
are based upon a percent of sales. McDonald’s is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, and therefore has concluded that
consolidation would not be appropriate, as the Company does not have the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of
the cooperatives that most significantly impact their economic performance.
Production costs for radio and television advertising are expensed when the commercials are initially aired. These production costs, as
well as other marketing-related expenses are included in Selling, general & administrative expenses and were (in millions): 2024–$84.6;
2023–$36.7; 2022–$45.4. In addition, significant advertising costs are incurred by franchisees through contributions to advertising
cooperatives.
INCOME TAXES

The Company’s earnings will be included in McDonald’s consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. For state income tax returns,
depending on the laws of each state, the Company’s earnings may be combined with the earnings of the McDonald’s consolidated group or
the Company may file its own state income tax return. The Company records its income tax provision on a separate-return basis and
settlements are made through intercompany accounts with McDonald’s. Deferred assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases are
recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Income tax uncertainties
The Company is regularly audited by federal and state tax authorities, and tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have
been filed. Accordingly, tax liabilities are recorded when, in management’s judgment, a tax position does not meet the more likely than not
threshold for recognition. For tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, a tax liability may still be recorded depending on
management’s assessment of how the tax position will ultimately be settled. The Company records interest and penalties on unrecognized
tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.

McDonald's USA, LLC 7

