(b)
Financial Records. Maintain proper books and records of account, in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and consistent with financial statements
previously submitted to the Lender.
(c)
Notices of Claims, Litigation, Defaults, etc. Promptly inform the Lender
in writing of (1) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative
proceedings and similar actions affecting the Borrower which could materially affect the financial
condition of the Borrower; (2) the occurrence of any default hereunder or other event which gives rise to
the Lender’s option to terminate any of the Credit Facilities; (3) any additions to or changes in the
locations of Borrower’s McDonald’s restaurant businesses; and (4) any alleged breach of any provision of
this agreement or of any other agreement related to the Credit Facilities by the Lender.
(d)
Additional Information. Furnish such additional information and
statements as Lender may request, from time to time.
(e)
Insurance Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports
on each existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may reasonably request.
(f)
Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other
agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and any other party.
(g)
Title to Assets and Property. Maintain good and marketable title to all of
Borrower’s assets and properties that are Collateral hereunder.
(h)
Further Assurances. Deliver to Lender any additional documents that
may reasonably be required to perfect the security interest granted herein. In addition, Borrower will
execute and deliver to Lender any additional documents or writings and do all things requested by Lender
to effectuate the provisions and intent of this Note, to correct any inaccurate information reflected herein
(e.g., borrower’s name and address), or to comply with applicable laws.
2.3

Negative Covenants.

Without the written consent of the Lender the

Borrower will not:

(a)
Sale of Collateral. Sell or otherwise transfer the Collateral. Borrower
shall be permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of Collateral in the ordinary course of business or when
obsolete, worn out, inadequate or unnecessary for use in the operation of the Franchise, but only upon
substituting other Collateral of equivalent value and utility.
(b)
Debt. Incur, or permit to remain outstanding any debt except debt
reflected in the latest financial statement of the Borrower furnished to the Lender prior to execution
of this Note and not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Facilities.
For purposes of this covenant, the sale of any accounts receivable is the incurring of debt for
borrowed money.
(c)
Guaranties. Guarantee or otherwise become or remain secondarily liable
on the undertaking of another, except for endorsement of drafts for deposit and collection in the ordinary
course of business.
(d)
Liens. Create or permit to exist any lien on any of its property, real or
personal, except: liens existing on the date of this Note and known to the Lender; liens to the Lender; liens
incurred in the ordinary course of business securing current nondelinquent liabilities for taxes, tax liens
being actively contested in good faith, worker’s compensation, unemployment insurance, social security
F-9

