13.

Best Efforts. Franchisee shall diligently and fully exploit the rights granted in this Franchise by

personally devoting full time and best efforts and, in case more than one individual has executed this Franchise as
the Franchisee, then ____________________ shall personally devote full time and best efforts to the operation of
the Restaurant. Franchisee shall keep free from conflicting enterprises or any other activities which would be
detrimental to or interfere with the business of the Restaurant.
14.

INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

15.

Assignment. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Franchisee’s interest in this

Franchise shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part (whether voluntarily or by operation of
law) directly, indirectly, or contingently, and then only in accordance with the terms of this paragraph 15.
(a)

Death or Permanent Incapacity of Franchisee. Upon the death or permanent incapacity of

Franchisee, the interest of Franchisee in this Franchise may be assigned either pursuant to the terms of
paragraph 15(d) herein or to one or more of the following persons: Franchisee’s spouse, heirs, or nearest relatives
by blood or marriage, subject to the following conditions: (i) if, in the sole discretion of McDonald’s, such person
shall be capable of conducting the Restaurant business in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise
and (ii) if such person shall also execute an agreement by which the person personally assumes full and
unconditional liability for and agrees to perform all the terms and conditions of this Franchise to the same extent as
the original Franchisee. If, in McDonald’s sole discretion, such person cannot devote full time and best efforts to
the operation of the Restaurant or lacks the capacity to operate the Restaurant in accordance with this Franchise,
McDonald’s shall have an option to operate and/or manage the Restaurant for the account of Franchisee or of
Franchisee’s estate until the deceased or incapacitated Franchisee’s interest is transferred to another party acceptable
to McDonald’s in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise. However, in no event shall such
McDonald’s operation and management of the Restaurant continue for a period in excess of twelve (12) full calendar
months without the consent of Franchisee or Franchisee’s estate. In the event that McDonald’s so operates and/or
manages the Restaurant, McDonald’s shall make a complete account to and return the net income from such
operation to the Franchisee or to Franchisee’s estate, less a reasonable management fee and expenses. If the
disposition of the Restaurant to a party acceptable to McDonald’s has not taken place within twelve (12) months
from the date that McDonald’s has commenced the operation or management of the Restaurant on behalf of the
deceased or incapacitated Franchisee, then, in that event, McDonald’s shall have the option to purchase the
Restaurant at fair market value for cash or its common stock at its option.
(b)

Assignment to Franchisee’s Corporation.

Upon Franchisee’s compliance with such

requirements as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s, including a Stockholders Agreement in the
form prescribed by McDonald’s, McDonald’s shall consent to an assignment to a corporation whose shares are
wholly owned and controlled by Franchisee. The corporate name of the corporation shall not include any of the
names or trademarks granted by this Franchise. Any subsequent assignment or transfer, either voluntarily or by
operation of law, of all or any part of said shares shall be made in compliance with the terms and conditions set
forth in paragraphs 15(a) and 15(d) herein.

8

