13. Representations and Warranties. Franchisee hereby represents and warrants to McDonald’s that:
(i) Franchisee is the sole obligor/maker of the Note, (ii) Franchisee is not in default under the terms and
conditions of either the Note or the Franchise as of the date of this Agreement (and no condition exists that,
with the giving of notice or passage of time, would constitute a default under the terms and conditions of
the Note or the Franchise), (iii) the signatory of this document on behalf of Franchisee represents that he or
she is an officer or director of Franchisee and is duly authorized to execute this document on Franchisee’s
behalf, and (iv) Franchisee has the full right, power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement.
14. Termination. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect from the date hereof until (i)
the Guaranty has been released by the Lender and the original returned to McDonald’s, and (ii) all of the
obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement then outstanding, including the reimbursement by
Franchisee of all OAP Amounts, have been paid. If any payments hereunder to McDonald’s by Franchisee
should for any reason be voidable or recoverable, in whole or in part, or McDonald’s is required for any
reason to refund or restore any payment, or any portion thereof, then Franchisee hereby agrees that as to
any such payment and all costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) of McDonald’s related thereto,
Franchisee’s liability hereunder shall be reinstated, regardless of whether or not this Agreement has been
previously terminated pursuant to the first sentence of this Section.
15. Governing Law. Franchisee hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the
obligations hereunder are to be governed by and under the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without
regard to its conflicts of law rules. Franchisee agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Agreement
may be brought in the courts of the State of Illinois or any Federal Court sitting therein and consents to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of such court and to service of process in any such suit being made upon
Franchisee by mail at the Franchise restaurant location(s). Franchisee hereby waives any objection that it
may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or any such court or that such suit was brought in
an inconvenient court.
16. Section Headings; Defined Terms. The various headings used in this Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretations of this Agreement or any provision
hereof.
17. Waivers, Amendments, Discharges. No provision or term of this Agreement may be waived,
amended or otherwise modified except by an agreement in writing signed by McDonald’s in the case of a
waiver, and, in the case of an amendment or other modification, by McDonald’s and Franchisee, and any
oral waiver, amendment or modification of any provision or term hereof shall be without authority and of
no force and effect. Any such waiver, amendment or modification shall be effective only in the specific
instances and for the purposes and to the extent therein specified.
18. Enforcement Costs. Franchisee shall pay McDonald’s immediately and without protest all costs

and expenses incurred by McDonald’s in exercising and/or enforcing its rights and remedies under this
Agreement (including, but without limitation, McDonald’s court costs, attorneys’ fees, and fees of its
financial advisors and consultants, whether incurred in litigation or not).
19. Further Assurances. Franchisee shall execute such documents and take such further actions as
may be required by McDonald’s to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.
20. Joint and Several Liability. The undersigned entities executing this Agreement as “Franchisee”
are jointly and severally liable for all obligations owed to McDonald’s under this Agreement.
21. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. FRANCHISEE AND McDONALD’S HEREBY WAIVE THEIR

RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON

4

