(d)

Upon termination or expiration of this Franchise, Franchisee shall: (i) forthwith return to

McDonald’s the business manuals furnished to Franchisee, together with all other material containing trade secrets,
operating instructions, or business practices; (ii) discontinue the use of the McDonald’s System and its associated
trade names, service marks, and trademarks or the use of any and all signs and printed goods bearing such names
and marks, or any reference to them; (iii) not disclose, reveal, or publish all or any portion of the McDonald’s
System; and (iv) not thereafter use any trade name, service mark, or trademark similar to or likely to be confused
with any trade name, service mark, or trademark used at any time in the McDonald’s System.
21.

Effect of Waivers. No waiver by McDonald’s or any breach or a series of breaches of this Franchise

shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the terms of this Franchise.
22.

Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal service or by

United States certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, addressed to Franchisee at the Restaurant or to
McDonald’s at 110 N. CARPENTER STREET, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60607. Either party, by a similar written
notice, may change the address to which notices shall be sent.
23.

Cost of Enforcement. If McDonald’s institutes any action at law or in equity against Franchisee

to secure or protect McDonald’s rights under or to enforce the terms of this Franchise, in addition to any judgment
entered in its favor, McDonald’s shall be entitled to recover such reasonable attorneys’ fees as may be allowed by
the court together with court costs and expenses of litigation.
24.

Indemnification. If McDonald’s shall be subject to any claim, demand, or penalty or become a

party to any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding by reason of any claimed act or omission by
Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees or agents, or by reason of any act occurring on the Restaurant premises, or
by reason of an omission with respect to the business or operation of the Restaurant, Franchisee shall indemnify
and hold McDonald’s harmless against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorneys’
fees, court costs, and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed on
McDonald’s in connection with the investigation or defense relating to such claim, litigation, or administrative
proceeding and, at the election of McDonald’s, Franchisee shall also defend McDonald’s.
25.

Construction and Severability. All references in this Franchise to the singular shall include the

plural where applicable. If any part of this Franchise for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision shall
not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that any
material provision of this Franchise shall be stricken or declared invalid, McDonald’s reserves the right to terminate
this Franchise.
26.

Scope and Modification of Franchise. This Franchise (including Exhibit A and any riders hereto)

constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous, oral or written,
agreements or understandings of the parties. Nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement, however, is
intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee. No
interpretation, change, termination, or waiver of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon McDonald’s
unless in writing signed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and which is specifically identified as

13

