Alternate Paragraph 3 for Company Employee:
3.
Candidate may spend in excess of two years in the Training Program without a
commitment from McDonald’s that a franchise will be offered. During the Training Program, Candidate’s
performance and qualifications to become a franchisee will be continuously evaluated by McDonald’s.
Candidate will not receive any reimbursement for costs and expenses. Candidate is an existing employee
or agent of McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of McDonald’s in a position outside of the
Training Program. Candidate is not entitled to and will not separately receive any compensation including,
without limitation, salary, wages, or employee benefits for Candidate’s participation in the Training
Program, and Candidate is not acting within his or her capacity as an employee while participating in the
Training Program. Candidate waives any and all rights to damages, the reimbursement of expenses or costs,
as well as the payment of any compensation related directly or indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the
Training Program. Candidate’s existing employment with McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate
of McDonald’s will terminate no later than the date on which the Candidate enters into a binding contract
for a franchise opportunity.
Alternate Paragraph 3 for Franchise Applicant:
3.
Candidate may spend in excess of two years in the Training Program without a
commitment from McDonald’s that a franchise will be offered. During the Training Program, Candidate’s
performance and qualifications to become a franchisee will be continuously evaluated by McDonald’s.
Candidate is not an employee or agent of McDonald’s or any parent, subsidiary, affiliate, or franchisee of
McDonald’s and is not entitled to and will not receive any compensation including, without limitation,
salary, wages, or employee benefits for Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. In addition,
Candidate will not receive any reimbursement for costs and expenses. Candidate waives any and all rights
to damages, the reimbursement of expenses or costs, as well as the payment of any compensation related
directly or indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program.
Alternate Paragraph 3 for Next Generation Candidate and Franchisee Employee:
3.
Candidate may spend in excess of two years in the Training Program without a
commitment from McDonald’s that a franchise will be offered. During the Training Program, Candidate’s
performance and qualifications to become a franchisee will be continuously evaluated by McDonald’s.
Candidate is not an employee or agent of McDonald’s or any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of McDonald’s
and is not entitled to and will not receive any compensation including, without limitation, salary, wages, or
employee benefits for Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. In addition, Candidate will not
receive any reimbursement for costs and expenses. Candidate waives any and all rights to damages, the
reimbursement of expenses or costs, as well as the payment of any compensation related directly or
indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program.
4.
The term “Confidential Information” shall mean all information (whether or not
specifically labeled or identified as confidential), in any form or medium (whether in oral, written,
electronic, graphic or other form), that is disclosed to, or developed or learned by, or that becomes known
to, Candidate (i) in connection with Training Program performed hereunder (including without limitation
any training or operating manuals) and/or (ii) that relates to the business, operations, products, services,
know how, strategies, promotions, research, prospects, employee relations or development of McDonald’s
or any Affiliate thereof or their respective franchisees, suppliers, clients or customers. Candidate
acknowledges and agrees that Candidate may have access to information and materials of a highly sensitive
nature (including Confidential Information) and he or she intends to protect the legitimate business interests
of McDonald’s and its Affiliates therein. Candidate agrees that during the term of this Agreement and at
all times thereafter, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Candidate shall not use for his or her
benefit or the benefit of any other person, and shall not disclose to any other person, any Confidential
Information. Candidate shall use his or her best efforts and utmost diligence to safeguard the Confidential
Information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft. Upon termination of

2

