good practice for a McDonald’s restaurant business. Borrower will not knowingly use the Collateral in
violation of any law, statute, ordinance or government regulation and will be responsible for payment of
any taxes and/or assessments that may be imposed on the Collateral.

1.5
Insurance. Borrower agrees to maintain insurance on the Collateral with a
responsible company in such amounts and against such risks and hazards as are normally insured against
by similar McDonald’s restaurant businesses. Lender shall be named as an additional insured, or,
alternatively, as loss payee under a lender loss payable endorsement in favor of Lender. Upon request,
Borrower shall provide Lender with satisfactory evidence of insurance coverage.
1.6
Reimbursement of Lender. At its option, Lender may discharge taxes and other
liens at any time levied or placed on the Collateral, and place and pay for insurance thereon.
Borrower agrees to reimburse Lender on demand for any and all expenditures so made, and until paid the
amount thereof shall be a debt secured by the Collateral. Lender shall have no obligation to Borrower to
make any such expenditures, nor shall the making thereof relieve Borrower of any default.
2.

Warranties, Representations and Covenants of Borrower.

2.1
Representations and Warranties.
Borrower warrants and represents to
Lender that the following are true and correct on the date of this Note:
(a)
Authorization. Borrower has full power and authority to enter into this
Note which is a legal and binding obligation of Borrower and enforceable in accordance with its terms.
(b)
Independent Legal Advice. Borrower has had a reasonable opportunity
to consult with its own independently selected legal counsel concerning the meaning and terms of this
Note and the consequences of entering into it. Borrower is entering into this Note freely, based on its
own business judgment and is not relying on any representations or warranties by Lender or McDonald’s
except as specifically set forth in this Note.
(c)
No Breach of Other Agreements. The execution and performance of this
Note have been duly authorized by appropriate corporate or other organizational action, if necessary, and
do not violate any material provision of any agreement of which Borrower is a party.
(d)
Purpose of Loan. This Note is issued in connection with a commercial
transaction in which credit is being extended for general business purposes, including but not limited to (i)
purchasing a building and any site and other improvements relating thereto which is used to operate a
McDonald’s restaurant, (ii) purchasing furniture, fixtures and equipment for the Franchise, (iii) financing
the business of the Franchise, or (iv) refinancing any existing indebtedness incurred for any of the foregoing
purposes. No portion of any proceeds of any advances made hereunder will be used for personal, family or
household purposes.
2.2

Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower shall:

(a)
Existence. Maintain its existence and business operations as presently
in effect in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay its debts and obligations when
due under normal terms, and pay on or before their due date, all taxes, assessments, fees and other
governmental monetary obligations, except as taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental monetary
obligations may be contested in good faith if they have been properly reflected on its books and, at the
Lender’s request, adequate funds or security has been pledged to insure payment.
F-8

