(d) Appeal: Subject to Landlord’s rights, Tenant, at Tenant’s sole expense, is authorized
and hereby permitted to contest and appeal property tax assessments on the demised
Premises, and Landlord will cooperate with and assist Tenant in any reasonable manner.
E.
Other Charges and Expenses: Any other charge or expense of any nature which
Landlord may be required to pay by virtue of Landlord’s interest in the Premises (including, but
not limited to, common area maintenance charges, merchant’s association’s dues, utility charges,
fees and taxes and security service fees – collectively referred to as “other charges”) will be
promptly paid by Tenant to the party to whom they are due as additional charges. Landlord will
provide Tenant with information necessary for Tenant to pay the other charges prior to, or as soon
as possible after, the commencement of the term of this Lease. Until Tenant receives this
information, Tenant will not be responsible for the other charges.
F.

Method and Proof of Payment:

(a) Tenant shall, at all times, participate in Landlord’s automatic debit/credit transfer
program as specified by Landlord from time to time for the payment of all amounts due
Landlord pursuant to this Lease. Tenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord such
documents and instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic
debit/credit transfer program.
(b) With respect to Articles 3.01(D) and (E), above, or any other provision in this Lease
which requires or contemplates Tenant first paying other charges or expenses, Landlord may,
at its exclusive option, elect to make such payments directly to the taxing authority, Head
Landlord (if applicable), utility company or other party due a payment for which Tenant is liable
under this Lease. If Landlord wishes to exercise this option, Landlord will notify Tenant in
writing of its election. From that time on, Landlord shall make such payments directly, and all
penalties and expenses thereafter accruing shall be the responsibility of Landlord. If Landlord
elects to make any payment directly, Tenant shall, nonetheless, be responsible for making
payment to Landlord for any payment Landlord will make, or makes, within ten (10) days of
Tenant’s receipt of a billing advice from Landlord.
3.02 Records: Tenant will keep and preserve upon the Premises complete written records
of all Gross Sales conducted in any calendar or business year for a period of three (3) years, in a
manner and form satisfactory to Landlord. Tenant will permit Landlord or Landlord’s
representatives to examine or audit the records at any and all reasonable times, and will, upon
Landlord’s request, explain the method of keeping records. The books and records will include
cash register tapes, properly identified, over-ring slips, sales journals, general ledger, profit and
loss statements, balance sheets, purchase invoices, bank statements with canceled checks and
deposit advices, corporate books and records, management company books, including, but not
limited to, minute books and stock certificate books, state sales tax returns, federal income tax
returns, retailer’s occupation tax returns or similar returns required to be filed by the state in which
the Premises are located.
3.03 Reports: By 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time of the first business day of each month,
Tenant will deliver to Landlord, in the manner specified by Landlord from time to time, a statement
by Tenant or Tenant’s authorized representative, reflecting Gross Sales during the preceding
month. Tenant will pay to Landlord on or before ten (10) days after the end of each calendar
month during this Lease all sums due based upon Gross Sales as shown in the statement for the
period covered by the statement. Within thirty (30) days following the expiration of each calendar
year of the term of this Lease, Tenant will deliver to Landlord at the place last fixed for the payment

5

