EXHIBIT L
MCDONALD’S U.S. GROWTH POLICY
(Effective May 1, 2025)
McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s) desires to grow with the best and most qualified Owner/Operators who
consistently meet or exceed the National Franchising Standards (the “NFS”), support McDonald’s Values and initiatives,
and demonstrate an ability to adapt to the evolving needs of the guest. This Growth Policy sets expectations for
determining whether an Owner/Operator is qualified to buy one or more restaurants and explains the process by which
an Owner/Operator may acquire one or more restaurants, including McDonald’s considerations in consenting to growth.
The Growth Policy is not intended to, and does not necessarily address, whether an Owner/Operator is meeting the
requirements of the Franchise Agreement.
To meet the minimum threshold to acquire one or more restaurants, an Owner/Operator’s organization must meet all
NFS. A determination that an Owner/Operator organization meets the NFS is not an assurance or a
representation that a proposed acquisition will be approved. We expect that owner/operators wishing to grow will
exceed our guests’ expectations each visit by consistently delivering an exceptional customer experience and
demonstrating genuine customer-focused behaviors.
Owner/Operators who meet the NFS (or a Registered Applicant or Next Generation Candidate who is qualified to buy)
and wish to acquire a restaurant(s) must submit a Business Acquisition Plan at least 10 days in advance of providing a
contract to acquire a restaurant(s). The Business Acquisition Plan will address the proposed buyer’s plans and intentions
for the acquisition restaurant(s) including, but not limited to, how the proposed buyer intends to meet the NFS going
forward. The proposed buyer must use McDonald’s current Business Acquisition Plan template and submit it to their
Field Vice President and Operations Officer. Failure to submit a complete Business Acquisition Plan at least 10
days in advance of providing a contract will result in a denial of consent to proceed with the acquisition. Another
contract can be submitted once the Business Acquisition Process is complete. Further, the buyer must submit financial
projections using the Organization Planning Tool (OPT) when submitting a contract.
In reviewing any request to buy, McDonald’s must review and decide whether to approve the proposed buyer and
acquisition as outlined in the assignment provisions of the applicable Franchise Agreement. McDonald’s will evaluate,
among other things and by way of illustration only, an Owner/Operator’s: (i) work experience and aptitude, (ii) financial
background, (iii) character, (iv) ability to personally devote full time and best efforts to managing the restaurant(s),
(v) residence in the locality of the restaurant(s), (vi) equity interest in the restaurant(s), (vii) conflicting interests, and
(viii) such other criteria and conditions as McDonald’s shall apply in the case of an application for a new franchise to
operate a McDonald’s restaurant. McDonald’s will also evaluate whether the organization is in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement(s). Finally, McDonald’s will evaluate whether the proposed acquisition meets McDonald’s
financial screens and lending guidelines. Based upon these considerations, our ongoing business relationship with our
Owner/Operators, our knowledge and experience with their restaurants, including their history of performance and recent
growth, and the organization’s overall performance on guest experience, McDonald’s will determine whether to approve
an Owner/Operator’s request to acquire additional restaurants. McDonald’s will deny consent to any proposed
acquisition as it deems appropriate in its business judgment.
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION: The material contained herein is intended for the exclusive System-related
use of (1) independent owner/operators and their advisors and employees who have access and (2) corporate employees of McDonald’s
USA, LLC. None of the materials or information contained herein may be reproduced, copied, or shared by any means without the
specific written authorization of McDonald’s USA, LLC. McDonald’s reserves the right to take appropriate action in the event of misuse
or disclosure of confidential and proprietary information.
These are internal guidelines which McDonald’s may apply, modify or eliminate as it deems appropriate. They are not intended to and
do not create or modify any contract rights or obligations. As always, those rights and obligations are determined only by McDonald’s
signed, written Franchise Agreements.

1

