claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or based on injury, illness, or death of any person
or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation of the Restaurant.

Further, Franchisee and

McDonald’s are not and do not intend to be partners, associates, or joint employers in any way and McDonald’s
shall not be construed to be jointly liable for any acts or omissions of Franchisee under any circumstances.
17.

Insurance. Franchisee shall, upon taking possession of the Restaurant, acquire and maintain in

effect such insurance with such coverages as may be required by the terms of any lease of the Restaurant premises
to McDonald’s, and in any event, Franchisee shall acquire and maintain in effect not less than the following
coverages in the following minimum amounts:
(a)

Worker’s Compensation insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Restaurant

is located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $100,000/$500,000/$100,000 minimum limit. If the state in
which the Restaurant is located allows the option of not carrying Worker’s Compensation Insurance, and Franchisee
chooses to exercise that option, Franchisee shall nonetheless carry and maintain other insurance with coverage and
limits as approved by McDonald’s.
(b)

Commercial general liability insurance in a form approved by McDonald’s with a limit of

$5,000,000 per occurrence/$5,000,000 aggregate.
(c)

All such insurance as may be required under the Lease.
All insurance policies required to be carried hereunder shall name McDonald’s and any

party designated by McDonald’s as additional insureds, as their interests may appear in this Franchise. All policies
shall be effective on or prior to the date Franchisee is given possession of the Restaurant premises for the purpose
of installing equipment or opening the Restaurant, whichever occurs first, and evidence of payment of premiums
and duplicate copies of policies of the insurance required herein shall be delivered to McDonald’s at least thirty
(30) days prior to the date that Franchisee opens for business and/or thirty (30) days prior to the expiration date of
an existing policy of insurance. All policies of insurance shall include a provision prohibiting cancellations or
material changes to the policy thereof until thirty (30) days prior written notice has been given to McDonald’s.
In the event Franchisee shall fail to obtain the insurance required herein, McDonald’s may,
but is not obligated to, purchase said insurance, adding the premiums paid to Franchisee’s monthly rent. (Franchisee
may authorize McDonald’s to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Franchisee’s behalf.
However, McDonald’s, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no responsibility for premium
expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Franchisee.) McDonald’s may relieve itself of all
obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of such required insurance coverage by giving ten (10)
days written notice to Franchisee.
All insurance shall be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business
in the state in which the Restaurant is located and having a Financial Size Category equal to or greater than IX and
Policyholders Rating of “A+” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc., unless otherwise approved
by McDonald’s.

10

