administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other
manner of administration as the Lender determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the
administration of this Note and any other related document).
“Credit Facilities” shall mean all extensions of credit from Lender to Borrower, now existing
or hereafter arising.
“Effective Date” shall mean the date of this Note.
“McDonald’s” shall mean McDonald’s Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
“Payment Date” shall mean the 18th day of each month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
next succeeding day that is a Business Day; provided that the final Payment Date shall be the date of
maturity of this Note.
“Prime Rate” shall mean such rate as announced from time to time by Lender as its Prime
Rate, changes in which rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public
announcement of such change. The “Prime Rate” is a rate set by Lender based upon various factors including
Lender’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference
point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York (or a successor administrator).
“SOFR Adjustment” means 0.10% (10 basis points).
“Term SOFR Rate” shall mean, with respect to each Calculation Period, a rate of interest equal to
the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to the relevant Payment Date for a one-month term; provided that if the rate is not published prior to
11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR Rate means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. If such rate is not available at
such time for any reason, or adverse or unusual conditions, or changes, in the applicable law relating to
the relevant interbank market make it illegal or, in the reasonable judgment of Lender, impracticable to
fund therein, or if it shall become unlawful for Lender to charge interest on a Term SOFR Rate basis,
then the rate for that Calculation Period, and for so long as the conditions referred to in this sentence shall
continue, will be determined by such alternate method as is reasonably selected by the Lender after notice
of such rate is given to McDonald’s and the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary,
if at any time the Term SOFR Rate is less than zero (0%), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0%)
for the purposes of this Note.
“Term SOFR Screen Rate” means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or
any successor administrator satisfactory to the Lender) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page
(or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Lender
from time to time).
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any Business Day, except any Business Day on
which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the
federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of Illinois, as applicable.
With respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes
from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other document executed in
connection herewith, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
F-4

