Type of fee
Edge (1)(10)(11)

Store Mail (email
accounts) Fee (10)

Amount
$435 annual fee

Due Date
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables, once deployed.

Remarks
You pay the annual fee to us for the
use of Edge computing technology.

$120 one-time fee

One-time fee drafted upon
deployment through
iReceivables.
Payable annually within
30 days of billing.

You pay the one-time fee to us for
the deployment of Edge.

$56.40 annual fee

You pay this fee to us for email
account support for using the
us.stores.mcd.com domain.

(1)

All fees are imposed and collected by and payable to McDonald’s. All fees are non-refundable and uniform
and we may draft miscellaneous receivables you may owe us. We will automatically draft rent and royalty
from your bank account according to the terms of the Franchise Agreement.

(2)

The royalty of 5% of Gross Sales applies on and after January 1, 2024, in the following scenarios: (i) a
franchisee opens a new restaurant; (ii) a franchisee purchases a restaurant as a result of a McOpCo sale;
and (iii) we exercise our right of first refusal on a franchisee sale transaction and then sell the restaurant to
another franchisee. The royalty of 4% of Gross Sales will continue to apply after January 1, 2024, in the
following circumstances with respect to existing restaurants operated by existing franchisees prior to
January 1, 2024: (i) family restaurant transactions and ownership transfers; (ii) existing franchisees sign
new term agreements on existing restaurants; (iii) existing franchisees complete the sale of an existing
restaurant to another franchisee; and (iv) the rebuild of an existing restaurant location.

(3)

The following is the rent structure for new and relocated traditional restaurants:
Percentage Rent with Monthly Base Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable
Monthly Base Rent
Most restaurants will have a Monthly Base Rent. For a site where both the land and the building are
owned by McDonald’s or its affiliates, Monthly Base Rent is based upon the total amount invested by
McDonald’s in the acquisition and development of the land and the building. A finance factor is applied
to this amount to produce an appropriate return for McDonald’s. For a site where the land and/or building
is leased by McDonald’s from a third party, Monthly Base Rent is based upon the total amount invested
by McDonald’s in the acquisition and development of the land and the building as well as monthly rent
paid in the first year to a third party landlord. A finance factor is applied to each of these amounts to
produce an appropriate return for McDonald’s. You must pay this amount every month of the franchise
term.
Pass Thru Rent
For a site where the land and/or building is leased by McDonald’s, there may be rent escalations for
which McDonald’s is responsible under the lease which are above and beyond the original monthly rent
we paid to the landlord. For these rent escalations, McDonald’s will charge you pass thru rent which
must be paid every month the escalations are in effect. We do not apply a finance factor to the pass thru
rent.
Percentage Rent
The Percentage Rent for new and relocated traditional restaurants that open on or after January 14, 2026
is set to achieve a target allocation, or split, of the returns generated by the restaurant between the
franchisee and McDonald’s. The Percentage Rent is generally between 6% and 23% of Gross Sales.
McDonald’s provides the specific Percentage Rent associated with the new or relocated restaurant to the
franchisee before the franchisee signs the franchise agreement and lease for the restaurant. The
Percentage Rent generally increases during the first seven years of the first term of the franchise, and
starting in the eighth year of the franchise term, the minimum Percentage Rent is generally 11.50% of
Gross Sales. The total change in the Percentage Rent over the term of the franchise, using the Percentage
-13-

