and will include, but not be limited to, the amount received from the sale of goods, wares and
merchandise, including sales of food, beverages and tangible property of every kind and nature,
promotional or otherwise, and for services performed at the Premises, together with the amount
of all orders taken or received at the Premises, all as may be prescribed or approved by the
Franchise Agreement. Gross Sales will not include sales of merchandise for which cash has been
refunded, or allowances made on merchandise claimed to be defective or unsatisfactory, provided
that such returned or exchanged merchandise will have been previously included in Gross Sales.
Gross Sales will not include the amount of any sales tax imposed by any federal, state or other
governmental authority directly on sales and collected from customers, provided that the amount
of the tax is added to the selling price and actually paid by Tenant to such governmental authority.
Each charge or sale upon installment or credit will be treated as a sale for the full price in the
month during which such charge or sale is made irrespective of the time when Tenant receives
payment (whether full or partial). In addition, Landlord may, from time to time, permit or allow
certain other items to be excluded from Gross Sales. However, any such permission or allowance
may be revoked or withdrawn at the discretion of Landlord and will not stop Landlord from
requiring strict compliance with the terms of this Lease.
D. Taxes and Assessments: In addition to the Basic Rent, the Pass Thru Rent, if
applicable, and the Percentage Rent, Tenant will pay directly to the taxing authority, when due,
all real estate taxes and special and general assessments that are levied or assessed against the
Premises during the term or any extension of this Lease. Tenant agrees to provide to Landlord,
if requested, copies of paid invoices and such other documentation evidencing payment of taxes
as may be reasonably requested by Landlord. If Tenant shall default in the payment of any
obligation herein required to be paid by Tenant, then Landlord may pay the same together with
any penalty or interest levied on the tax bill, and Tenant will be obligated to repay Landlord on
demand for such payment, together with interest on all past due obligations, including interest on
the penalty and interest levied under this provision.
(a) First and Last Year: All real estate taxes and general and special assessment
payments of every nature paid during the first and last year of the term of this Lease will be
prorated. This tax proration will be based upon the fiscal year of the taxing authority levying
the tax, using the percentage of the taxes payable during the first or last tax fiscal year that
Tenant actually occupies, or had the right to occupy, the demised Premises. The party paying
such taxes shall be entitled to reimbursement from the other party for its pro rata share upon
demand and the presentation of an itemized statement with copies of all appropriate
documentation evidencing payment.
(b) Rent Taxes: Tenant will also pay promptly, when due, any tax which is levied or
assessed against the rental, real or tangible personal property, whether or not called a rental
tax, excise tax, sales tax, gross receipts tax, tax on services or otherwise; and Tenant will
promptly reimburse Landlord for any similar tax which Landlord is required to pay or, in fact,
does pay. Such payment or reimbursement will not be deducted from Gross Sales.
(c) Personal Property Taxes: Tenant agrees to pay all personal property taxes levied
upon the fixtures, equipment and other improvements located on the Premises whether
installed and paid for by Tenant or Landlord. The personal property taxes for the first and last
year of the term of this Lease will be prorated in the same manner as the real estate taxes
and assessments.

4

