expiration of the 12-month period. If the US Franchising Placement Director grants written approval of the
extension, the maximum extension time granted will be 12 months (totaling no more than 24 months) from
the date the Candidate originally received “Qualified to Buy” status.
If the extension interview is granted, McDonald’s will reassess Candidate’s current status including
but not limited to these factors: geographic preference, financial assets available to invest, personal
engagement and involvement in the business, and continued positive involvement with McDonald’s. After
McDonald’s reassessment is complete, McDonald’s, at its sole discretion, will determine one of the
following:
a. Extend the “Qualified to Buy” stage by a clearly defined time period or,
b. Remove the Candidate from the program and Candidate will no longer be considered to have
“Qualified to Buy” status and this Agreement will be deemed terminated.
If (i) the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire 100% ownership in a traditional restaurant within
the 12-month time period and (ii) the qualified Candidate fails to request and receive approval for an
extension of time, the qualified Candidate will be removed from the Candidate Development Program and
will no longer be considered to have “Qualified to Buy” status and this Agreement will be deemed
terminated.
If a qualified Candidate is granted an extension of time to acquire a traditional restaurant but is
unable to do so within the approved extended timeframe, such Candidate will be removed from the
Candidate Development Program and will no longer be considered to have “Qualified to Buy” status and
this Agreement will be deemed terminated.
Alternate Paragraph 9 for Spousal Candidates: Delete all of 9
Alternate Paragraph 9 for Next Generation Candidates:
9.
Upon written notice from McDonald’s that Candidate has successfully completed the
Training Program and achieved “Qualified to Buy” status, Candidate will have up to 12-months to purchase
a minimum of 100% ownership in a traditional restaurant.



“Qualified to Buy” status is conditioned on the Candidate maintaining his or her current
involvement in the day-to-day operations of the parent organization’s restaurants.
The parent organization must remain eligible for growth and rewrite during the “Qualified
to Buy” 12-month timeframe.

In the event the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire 100% ownership in a traditional
restaurant within the 12-month time period, the qualified Candidate and parent may request an extension
of time to acquire the minimum 100% ownership from the US Franchising Placement Director. This is NOT
an automatic extension and the decision is in McDonald’s sole discretion. The parent and qualified
Candidate are required to request the extension 60 days prior to the expiration of the 12-month period. If
the US Franchising Placement Director grants written approval of the extension, the maximum extension
time granted will be 12 months (totaling no more than 24 months) from the date the Candidate originally
received “Qualified to Buy” status.
If (i) the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire 100% ownership in a traditional restaurant
within the 12-month time period and (ii) the qualified Candidate and parent fail to request and receive
approval for an extension of time, the qualified Candidate will be removed from the Candidate

4

