Rent in the first year of the franchise term as the baseline, will generally not exceed 3.50%, unless a larger
increase is required to reach the minimum 11.50%.
The Percentage Rent for new and relocated traditional restaurants is payable only if the monthly Gross
Sales exceed the monthly base sales figure which is computed by dividing the dollar amount of the
Monthly Base Rent by the Percentage Rent rate. If you are purchasing an existing restaurant from a
franchisee, the information in this footnote will not apply as you will be assuming the Monthly Base Rent
and Percentage Rent paid by the selling franchisee (except for any rent relief which is personal to the
selling franchisee).
As set forth in Item 17, you have no right to renew or extend your franchise. However, if we offer you a
new term franchise, the Percentage Rent associated with that franchise will be based on the then-current
policies. Under our current policy, the Percentage Rent for new term franchises will not be lower than the
Percentage Rent in the previous franchise term. Further, the Percentage Rent will remain the same unless
the current Percentage Rent rate is below 8.50%, in which case the rent for the new term franchise may be
raised to 8.50%. The Percentage Rent may also increase if: 1) McDonald’s has made additional
investments outside of our standard contributions to institutional programs such as rebuilds, relocations
and major remodels; 2) the Percentage Rent in the previous franchise term was temporarily reduced to
provide financial assistance and that temporary reduction does not extend to the entirety of the new
franchise term; or 3) you, or a previous franchisee while licensed to operate this location, and
McDonald’s entered into a separate agreement that includes scheduled Percentage Rent increases during
the new franchise term. For sites leased by McDonald’s, we may also charge you Pass Thru Rent for any
additional lease costs charged to McDonald’s in the new term franchise that are above the average lease
costs over the previous 20 years.
The percentages used in computing monthly payments based on Gross Sales are determined by
McDonald’s management in consideration of the rights being granted by the Franchise Agreement, the
drawing power of the McDonald’s restaurant, the value of the McDonald’s System as a whole and
McDonald’s interests in obtaining a profit in light of competitive conditions. All payments made by you
to McDonald’s constitute a single financial arrangement between you and McDonald’s which, taken as a
whole and without regard to any designation or description, reflect the value of the rights being made
available to you by McDonald’s and the services being rendered by McDonald’s during the franchise
term. The percentages may vary among franchises depending upon when the franchise was sold as well
as other factors. In unusual circumstances that involve special costs, the fees paid by you may be higher
than those outlined in this Item 6.
(4)

We have adopted a policy that allows co-investment in the building and site improvements of new and
relocated traditional, STO and STR restaurants for a reduction in the Percentage Rent and Monthly Base
Rent, if certain eligibility conditions are met. You are not required to participate under this policy. If the
eligibility conditions are met and you elect to co-invest, the co-invested amount is in addition to the initial
investment described in Item 7. The terms and criteria of this policy differ slightly for new and relocated
traditional, STO and STR restaurants and are listed below. We may apply, modify, or terminate this
policy at any time at our discretion.
Terms:
For new and relocated traditional, STO and STR restaurants, the general terms are as follows: (a) you
have the ability to reduce your stated Percentage Rent in increments of 0.25% (“Quarters”), down to the
applicable co-investment minimum stated rent; (b) the cost to co-invest is determined using a
standardized approach that blends the investment tiers and the Percentage Rent in the eighth year of the
franchise term and generally will not be less than $30,000 per Quarter; (c) you must pay the additional
investments to us; (d) you may pay the additional investments in cash or you may finance them, for up to
10 years, with your own lender (we do not arrange for any financing of these additional investments), but
you may not use the building or leasehold improvements as collateral for your loan; and (e) we will retain
full ownership of, and legal title to, the building and leasehold improvements, but you will get the tax
benefits associated with your co-investment amount. For new and relocated STO and STR restaurants, if
our investment is over $1,000,000, these terms will be decided on a case-by-case basis.
-14-

