Receipt
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in
plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.
If McDonald’s USA, LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 calendardays before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection
with the proposed franchise sale.
[Michigan requires that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the execution of
any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.]
If McDonald’s USA, LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or misleading
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the appropriate state agency listed on
Exhibit P.
The name, principal business address, and telephone number of the franchise sellers offering the franchise are
McDonald’s USA, LLC and Brad Bogan, 110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607 (630) 623-3000.
The issuance date of this Franchise Disclosure Document is May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026.
McDonald’s USA, LLC authorizes the state agents listed in Exhibit O to receive service of process for it in the
respective states.
I received a disclosure document dated May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026, that included the following
Exhibits:
A. Financial Statements
B. Franchise Agreement (Traditional)
C. Franchise Agreement (Satellite)
D. Franchise Agreement (Walmart)
E. New Restaurant Rider
F. BFL Rider
G. Operator’s Lease
H. Assignment to an Entity
I. Assignment Agreement
J. Preliminary Agreement
K. McDonald’s New Term Policy

L. McDonald’s Growth Policy
M. New Term Offer Letter
N. Loan and Related Documents
O. List of Agents for Service of Process
P. State Administrators
Q. McDonald’s Affiliates
R. List of Franchised Restaurants
S. List of franchisees who had an outlet terminated,
canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily
or involuntarily ceased to do business
T. State Specific Addenda

Date Received

Prospective Franchisee

Prospective Franchisee

Prospective Franchise

Effective Date: May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026
Return electronically signed and dated Receipt via DocuSign; or fax signed and dated Receipt to (630) 5686271; or mail signed and dated Receipt to Franchise Practice Group Dept. 088, McDonald’s USA, LLC,
110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, IL 60607.

