this Agreement, which will continue to have full force and effect and bind the parties. If any
covenant which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in
terms of area, business activity prohibited, and/or length of time, but would be enforceable if
modified, we and you agree that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible
under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction whose law determines the
covenant’s validity. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires more
notice than this Agreement requires of termination or of our refusal to enter into a renewal
franchise agreement, or if, under any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction, any
provision of this Agreement or any Standard is invalid, unenforceable or unlawful, the notice
and/or other action required by the law or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions
of this Agreement, and we may modify the invalid or unenforceable provision or Standard to the
extent required to be valid and enforceable or delete the unlawful provision in its entirety.
D.
Interpretation. The preambles and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which,
together with any riders or addenda executed at the same time as this Agreement, constitutes
our and your entire agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral or written
agreements and understandings between them relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
There are no other oral or written representations, warranties, understandings or agreements
between us and you relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall disclaim or require you to waive reliance on any
representation that we made in the most recent disclosure document (including its exhibits and
amendments) that we delivered to you or your representative. Any policies that we adopt and
implement from time to time to guide us in our decision-making are subject to change, are not a
part of this Agreement and are not binding on us. Nothing in this Agreement is intended nor
deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or entity not a party to this
Agreement. The parties’ rights and remedies under this Agreement and applicable law are
cumulative. You may not withhold payment of any amounts owed to us or our affiliates on the
grounds of our or their alleged nonperformance of any of our or their obligations under this
Agreement or any other agreement. Captions, paragraph designations and section or
subsection headings are included in this Agreement for convenience only, and in no way define
or limit the scope or intent of the provisions. If two or more persons are at any time parties to
this Agreement as the franchisee under this Agreement, whether as partners or joint venturers,
their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint and several. The words “include,” “including,”
and words of similar import shall be interpreted to mean “including, but not limited to” and the
terms following such words shall be interpreted as examples of, and not an exhaustive list of,
the appropriate subject matter. This Agreement may be executed by electronic signature and/or
in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed an original.
E.
Binding Effect and Amendment. This Agreement is binding upon us and you and
our and your respective executors, administrators, heirs, beneficiaries, permitted assigns and
successors in interest. Subject to our rights to modify the System, this Agreement may not be
amended or modified except by a written agreement executed by both us and you.
F.
Exercise of Our Judgment. Whenever we reserve discretion in a particular area
or where we agree to exercise our rights reasonably or in good faith, we will satisfy our
obligations whenever we exercise reasonable business judgment in making our decision or
exercising our rights. Our decisions or actions will be deemed to be the result of reasonable
business judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are
available, if our decision or action is intended, in whole or significant part, to promote or benefit
the System or Combo Restaurants generally even if the decision or action also promotes our
12
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-2
Combo Development Agreement
1616203421.4

