Below is a breakdown of the cost estimates for the additional, required aspects of the Restaurants
Technology System if you will develop and operate a Combo Restaurant:
1.
Nutritional Labeling Printer. As determined by controlling laws and regulations, you
may be required to purchase, install, and maintain a label printer to provide information regarding the
ingredients, components and/or nutritional information for products, which you sell in the Combo
Restaurant. The initial cost of such a printer from our vendor ranges from $75 to $500 depending on
the model selected.
2.
Retail Transaction Receipt Marketing Solution. We may require you to participate in
a monthly Retail Transaction Receipt Marketing Solution program, which will fund continuous
support, maintenance, and improvements to the marketing solutions company whose software products
transform traditional retail transaction receipts into engaging receipts that feature coupons and special
offers for guests. Fixed monthly fees could range from $17 to $20.
3.
Coin Changer. Franchisees are encouraged to install coin changers in their
Restaurants. Approved coin changers can only be purchased through our approved POS System vendor
as standard optional equipment. Price ranges for purchase, configuration, and installation are from
$950 to $1,100 for one coin changer, depending upon the number of coin canisters installed. Annual
maintenance prices range from $90 to $125 per Restaurant, per year. Prices vary depending on the
number of coin changers and coin canisters installed.
4.
Video Surveillance. To enable franchisees to have both Restaurant and remote view
of activities, inclusive of a POS System overlay, we encourage you to purchase and install a video
surveillance camera system that is integrated into the POS System. If integrated directly with the POS
System, we require you to purchase this system from our approved vendor. Upfront installation and
hardware costs range from $300 to $13,000 depending on the number of DVRs and cameras installed.
We estimate that annual subscription or maintenance price ranges will be in the range of $600 to $5,200
per Restaurant, per year. Initial user setup fees will likely range from $25 to $50. You may incur
additional fees related to high levels of usage of cloud-based services, which range from $99 to $200
per user, per year.
5.
Franchisee Business Intelligence (“BI”). BI is the above-store Business Intelligence
reporting system that receives data nightly from the POS System (or other source application systems).
This tool provides you with better insight into product sales trends as well as the effectiveness of
programs and promotions in your network. All Restaurants with POS Systems may optionally enroll
in the BI program at a cost of $9 to $15 per Restaurant, per month. Additionally, a network level data
feed is available for a monthly cost of $50 to $75 per franchisee network. You may opt out of BI by
unenrolling from the program before the next billing cycle. We may offer alternative business analytics
tools, which may range in cost from $8 to $56 per Restaurant, per month.
6.
In Restaurant Self-Ordering Kiosk. To enable guests to place orders without the
assistance of a cashier, you may elect to purchase and install a Self-Ordering Kiosk from our approved
vendor. We estimate that the initial per kiosk hardware and software costs could range from $10,000
to $12,000, plus on-going annual maintenance costs of approximately $1,000 to $1,200 for the
hardware and $480 to $540 for the software maintenance. Initial configuration and installation costs
range from $900 to $1,200 per kiosk.
7.
Line Busting Tablet. To enable a faster speed of service either inside or at the drivethru, you may elect to purchase line busting tablet(s) from our approved vendor to at least take orders
and potentially take payment. We estimate that the initial hardware and software costs could range
from $2,500 to $4,000, plus on-going annual maintenance costs of approximately $200 to $300 for the
hardware/software maintenance. Initial configuration and installation costs range from $900 to $1,200
per tablet.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

62

