11.C Audit of Records. Within fifteen (15) days after our request and at our option, you agree
to (1) photocopy and deliver to us those required records that we specify, or (2) at a location
acceptable to us, provide us access to any required records that we specify for examination and
photocopying by our representatives. You also hereby grant us the right (to the extent you have
that right) to examine the records of your purchases kept by any of your suppliers or distributors,
including the National DCP or any successor entities, and hereby authorize those suppliers and
distributors to allow us to examine and copy those records at our own expense. If after we
review your business records, which may include your business tax returns, we believe that
intentional underreporting of Gross Sales may have occurred, then upon request, and in
addition to our other remedies, you and any signatory and guarantor of this Agreement must
provide us with personal federal and state tax returns and personal bank statements for the
periods requested.
SECTION 12. INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION
12.A

Insurance.
(1)
Before opening or operating the Restaurant for business, and before
beginning construction of the Restaurant if you are developing the Restaurant, you
agree to acquire insurance coverage of the type and in the amounts required by law, by
any lease or sublease, and by us, as prescribed in our Standards. You must maintain
such coverage in full force and effect throughout the Term. We have the right to change
these insurance requirements from time to time. All insurance must be placed and
maintained with insurance companies with ratings that meet or exceed our Standards.
At our request, you must provide us with proof of required insurance coverages.
We and any affiliate we designate must be named as additional insureds as our
respective interests appear, and all policies must contain provisions denying to the
insurer acquisition of rights of recovery against any named insured by subrogation. All
policies shall include a provision prohibiting cancellations or material changes without
thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to all named insureds. Policies may not be limited in
any way by reason of any insurance that we (or any named party) may maintain. Upon
our request, you must produce proof that you currently have the insurance coverage
described in this Agreement. If such insurance coverage is not in effect, then in addition
to our other remedies, we have the right to purchase the necessary coverage for the
Restaurant at your expense and to bill you for any premiums and costs. This obligation
to maintain insurance is separate and distinct from your obligation to indemnify us under
the provisions below.
(2)
Both you and we waive any and all rights of recovery against each other
and our respective officers, employees, agents, and representatives, for damage to the
waiving party or for loss of its property or the property of others under its control, to the
extent that the loss or damage is covered by insurance. To obtain the benefit of our
waiver, you must have the required insurance coverage in effect. When you are
obtaining the policies of insurance required by this subsection, you must give notice to
your insurance carriers that the above mutual waiver of subrogation is contained in this
Agreement. This obligation to maintain insurance is separate and distinct from your
obligation to indemnify us under the provisions of Section 12.B.

16
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

