Network range from $225 to $400 per Restaurant per month; this cost includes certain PCI/PA-DSS
products and services. Installation costs will range from $500 to $1,500 per Restaurant.
In certain locations where terrestrial Internet service is not available, an optional satellite
solution, managed and provided via our approved vendor, is available at the same managed services
rate of $225 to $400 per Restaurant per month. There will be a one-time installation and setup fee of
$2,000 per Restaurant. In rural areas or areas where the cellular signal is weak and unable to support
operations over a wireless primary or backup solution, a high-gain antenna will be required to increase
signal strength for a one-time cost of approximately $500 per Restaurant.
(F)
Digital Signage. We require all new Restaurants or any Restaurant undergoing a
remodel to install interior digital signage from an approved vendor. We require all new Drive-thru
Restaurants or any Drive-thru Restaurant undergoing a remodel to install exterior digital signage from
an approved vendor This includes a DMB system, as well as software, firmware, or cloud-based
subscriptions necessary to maintain the digital signage in accordance with our standards. DMB
equipment components include display panels, media players, installation kit and hardware, and a
warranty for the display panels and media players. Interior DMB must be installed in Dunkin’
standalone Restaurants and in the Dunkin’ side of Combo Restaurants and are also required for the
Baskin-Robbins side of Combo Restaurants. Exterior DMB must be installed in Dunkin’ Restaurants
with a drive-thru and are also required for Combo Restaurants with a Drive-thru. Estimated interior
and exterior DMB equipment requirements and cost ranges are below but may vary depending on the
size and configuration. Among other things, you may be required to install some or all the following:
(i)

The interior DMB system component is a 4-panel configuration, which includes 4
media players. Component prices range from $7,700 to $8,600 depending on the size
and model of the display panels. Installation costs for a site survey, physical
installation, mounting hardware, electrical and networking site preparation and vendor
management fee to support a 4-panel interior DMB system will range from $3,100 to
$4,900 depending upon scope of work required.

(ii)

If we determine based on the size and configuration of your Restaurant, a 2-panel
component configuration may be used which includes 2 media players. Prices range
from $5,800 to $6,300.

(iii)

We require you to install an exterior Drive-thru freestanding pedestal or ‘All-in-One’
canopy system, which includes a column structure and overhead canopy or canopy
with a stand-alone stand, 2 exterior- rated digital panels featuring embedded POS
System order confirmation detail, 2 media players, receptacles for housing Drive-thru
order point communications (speaker & microphone), installation kit, and warranty
for both the display panels and the media players. The component cost ranges from
$13,500 to $14,300 depending upon the size/model of the freestanding pedestal or
canopy structure and upon your site configuration. Costs for site survey, physical
installation, electrical and networking site preparation and vendor management fee to
support the exterior system will range from $3,600 to $4,700 depending upon scope
of work required.

(iv)

We may require you to install an interior digital Order Status Board (“OSB”) at
Dunkin’ standalone Restaurants and on the Dunkin’ side of Combo Restaurants. The
OSB includes an interior digital panel, media player, OSB pole or OSB bookcase
fixture, and installation kit and warranty for both OSB and the media player. You will
incur a one–time fee that we estimate to range from $1,600 to $2,000, depending upon
site size and configuration. We estimate that the costs for site survey, physical
installation, electrical, and networking site preparation and vendor management fee to
support the interior digital OSB will range from $1,400 to $1,825 depending upon
scope of work required.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

59

