must immediately pay us all unpaid IFFs (as set forth in Exhibit B), without reduction or offset,
even if you did not open any or all of the Restaurants.
C.
If at any time you do not meet our then-current Criteria to Expand, we may
suspend your right to develop Restaurants by a written notice to you. The suspension will be in
effect until you are not in default under any Related Agreement and otherwise satisfy our criteria
for reinstatement under the Criteria to Expand. Any suspension will not alter your Development
Schedule unless we, in our sole judgment, grant an extension in writing. In addition to and
without limiting our other rights and remedies under this Agreement, any other agreement or
applicable law, upon the occurrence of any of the events that give rise to our right to terminate
this Agreement under this Section 7, we may, at our sole option and upon delivery of written
notice to you, eliminate your protected territorial rights under Section 2 above in one or more
parts of the Store Development Area, in which event we (and our affiliates) may thereafter
operate, and authorize any other parties to operate, Combo Restaurants the physical premises
of which are located within that geographic area and engage, and allow others to engage, in any
other activities we desire within that geographic area without any restrictions whatsoever,
subject only to your (or your Controlled Affiliate’s) rights under then existing franchise
agreements with us.
8.

Transfers.

A.
Transfer by Us. We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this
Agreement and any other agreement between us and you, any Controlled Affiliate, or any of
your or your Controlled Affiliates’ owners or affiliates without restriction. This Agreement inures
to the benefit of our successors and assigns. Upon transfer, we will have no further obligation
under this Agreement, except for any accrued liabilities.
B.
Transfer by You – Defined. We entered into this Agreement based on and in
reliance on our perceptions of your (or your Owners’) individual or collective character, skill,
aptitude, attitude, business ability and financial capacity. Therefore, neither this Agreement nor
any direct or indirect interest in or rights or obligations under this Agreement, nor all or
substantially all of your assets, nor any direct or indirect ownership interest in you (if you are a
business entity), may be transferred (as defined below), whether directly or indirectly, without
our prior written approval. A transfer of the ownership, possession or control your assets may be
made only with a transfer of this Agreement. Any transfer without our approval is a breach of
this Agreement and has no effect.
In this Agreement, the term “transfer,” whether or not capitalized, includes any voluntary,
involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition and includes the
following events, whether they impact you (or your Owners) directly or indirectly: (a) transfer of
record or beneficial ownership of any direct or indirect ownership interest in you or the right to
receive all or a portion of your profits or losses or any capital appreciation relating to you or your
business (whether directly or indirectly); (b) a merger, consolidation or exchange of ownership
interests, or issuance of additional ownership interests or securities representing or potentially
representing ownership interests, or a redemption of ownership interests; (c) any sale or
exchange of voting interests or securities convertible to voting interests, or any management
agreement or other arrangement granting the right to exercise or control the exercise of the
voting rights of any Owner or to control your or your business’ operations or affairs; (d) transfer
in a divorce, insolvency or entity dissolution proceeding, or otherwise by operation of law, or by
will, declaration of or transfer in trust, or under the laws of intestate succession; or (e)
foreclosure upon or attachment or seizure of your business, any of your assets, or any direct or
8
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-2
Combo Development Agreement
1616203421.4

