Loyalty Program Contribution Payment (“LCP”). You agree to pay the LCP into the Loyalty
Fund. The LCP from relaunch of the Loyalty Program (or such date that the Franchisee opens the
Restaurant to the general public or assumes operations through a transfer) through the end of the
first full fiscal year, shall be equal to 1.6% of Loyalty Program Sales (“LCP Rate”). The LCP shall
be deducted via ACH transfer on a weekly basis for the prior calendar week’s transactions
(inclusive of offline sales adjustments). Loyalty Program Sales are defined as Gross Sales (as
defined in your Franchise Agreement) to Loyalty Program members for in-store sales of eligible
products at your Restaurant, with product eligibility being determined from time to time pursuant
to the MOU by Dunkin’ Brands and, if and as applicable, the Brand Advisory Council. After the
first fiscal year of the program, the LCP Rate will be the following:
From National Program relaunch through
end of first full Fiscal Year thereafter:
Second Fiscal Year:
Third Fiscal Year:
Fourth Fiscal Year:
Fifth Fiscal Year and thereafter:

1.6 percent
1.6 percent
1.4 percent
1.4 percent
1.2 percent

The Loyalty Fund will be administered by Dunkin’ Brands. The funds deposited into the Loyalty
Fund shall only be used in furtherance of the Loyalty Program and shall not be used for general or
administrative expenses, including but not limited to Dunkin’ Brands headcount, for advertising
or marketing expenses, or for loans or other payments to Dunkin’ Brands. Notwithstanding, the
Loyalty Funds may be used to repay the initial funding made by Dunkin’ Brands to the Loyalty
Fund to take into account the conversion and transition of current rewards program points into the
new Loyalty Program.
Redemption Reimbursement. When a member redeems rewards at your restaurant, you will
receive a reimbursement from the Loyalty Fund equal to the National Average Product Cost
(including packaging and paper) (the “NAPC”) for the redeemed item. The NAPC for each
product shall be agreed to bi-annually by the Brand Advisory Council and Dunkin’ Brands at the
sub-category level. You will be reimbursed by ACH transfer on a weekly basis for reward
redemptions at the Restaurant based on the NACP for each item. You will not be reimbursed for
product promotions or other offers that are not tied to reward redemptions. Each franchisee will
be responsible for paying any taxes due on the reimbursements made to them under the Loyalty
Program and a 1099 will be issued each calendar year. You should consult with your own advisors
to determine whether any taxes may be due on such reimbursements.
3) Settlement of Funds/ ACH Authorization
a) You agree to follow all procedures we specify to facilitate the settlement of your LCP and the
reimbursements described above through an automated clearing house transaction via a Designated
Account provided through Web Enroll. You agree to maintain sufficient funds in the Designated
Account to cover your LCP obligations. You represent that you have authority to agree to such
transactions and that the Designated Account is a valid and legitimate account for the handling of
these transactions. The ACH debits can be combined with other amounts deducted from the
Designated Account by Dunkin’ Brands under other agreements allowing for such deductions
between Dunkin’ Brands and you. All changes to the identification of the Designated Account
2
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. J
Loyalty Program Participation Agreement
1616203418.2

