Provision

Section in the
Agreement

Summary
Premises; and (vii) transferee or you agree to be
bound by all terms of the Franchise Agreement for
the remainder of the term or execute the then-current
form of franchise agreement. Non-Control Transfer
approval requirements: each transferee is of good
character, meets our standards for non-controlling
owners, and executes a guarantee.

MBA: §8(b)

We may condition our approval of certain transfers
on the simultaneous transfer of other rights,
obligations, assets and/or other interests associated
with the Other Restaurant(s).

SDA: §§7.C, 7.D

Control Transfer approval requirements: (i) each
transferee meets our then-current criteria and
executes a guaranty; (ii) you have satisfied all
outstanding obligations to us; (iii) sale price may not
be excessive; (iv) execute general release; (v)
transferee or you agree to be bound by all terms of
the Franchise Agreement for the remainder of the
term or execute the then-current form of franchise
agreement.
Non-Control
Transfer
approval
requirements: each transferee is of good character,
meets our standards for non-controlling owners, and
executes a guarantee.
If you wish to sell any interest in the franchise, you
must give us 60-days’ notice to elect to purchase such
interest on the same terms and conditions. If the
terms later change, we must receive notice of the
changes and will have a new 60-day option to make
the election on the modified terms.
Within 30 days from expiration or termination of the
Franchise Agreement, we may purchase the
Operating Assets and other assets (not including
personal assets) used in the Restaurant at thencurrent fair market value less any indebtedness.

n. Franchisor’s right of first
refusal to acquire
franchisee’s business

FA: §13.G
SDA: §7.G

o. Franchisor’s option to
purchase franchisee’s
business

FA: §14.F

MBA: §8(d)

p. Death or disability of
franchisee

FA: §13.F
SDA: §7.F

q. Non-competition
covenants during the term
of the franchise

FA: §10.B
SDA: §9

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

If our right to acquire the assets of the Restaurant
conflicts with the Other Franchise Agreement, you
must comply with the requirements we reasonably
specify.
Within 12 months after death of you or your Owners,
the legal representative must propose a transfer, and
transfer must be completed no later than 18 months
from the death and is subject to our consent.
Neither you nor your Owners, officers, directors or
guarantors may (i) have any interest in any other
business which derives more than 20% of its revenue
from a combination of coffee and/or baked goods
(“Competitive Business”), (ii) divert customers away
76

