Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement executed by both
us and you.
16.F Exercise of Our Judgment. Whenever we reserve discretion in a particular area or where
we agree to exercise our rights reasonably or in good faith, we will satisfy our obligations
whenever we exercise reasonable business judgment in making our decision or exercising our
rights. Our decisions or actions will be deemed to be the result of reasonable business
judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are available, if our
decision or action is intended, in whole or significant part, to promote or benefit the System or
Combo Restaurants generally even if the decision or action also promotes our financial or other
individual interest. Examples of items that will promote or benefit the System or Combo
Restaurants include enhancing the value of the Proprietary Marks, improving customer service
and satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging
modernization and improving the competitive position of the System or Combo Restaurants.
16.G Notices. All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally
recognized overnight courier or certified mail to the addresses set forth in the Contract Data
Schedule, or to such other addresses as you and we provide each other in writing. All notices to
us shall be sent to us “c/o Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., as Manager, Attention: Legal Department.”
16.H No Related Party Liability. You agree that none of our past, present or future directors,
officers, employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates,
controlling parties, entities under common control, ownership or management, vendors, service
providers, agents, attorneys or representatives will have any liability for: (1) any of our
obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement; (2) any claim against us based
on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between you and us; or (3) any claim against
us based on any of our alleged unlawful acts or omissions.
16.I
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States. The following provision applies
only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state franchise disclosure laws in
California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota,
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed by you in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other
person acting on behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.

27
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

