To operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you (and/or your affiliate) must (i) enter into a
Franchise Agreement and the Multi-Brand Addendum attached to this FDD as Exhibit C-5 (the “Multi-Brand
Addendum” or “MBA”) with us for the operation of a Dunkin’ Restaurant, and (ii) enter into a franchise or
license agreement and multi-brand addendum for the applicable Other Restaurant(s) with each applicable Other
Franchisor for the operation of the Other Restaurant (collectively, each an “Other Franchise Agreement”). We
will not grant you the right to operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location unless each applicable
Other Franchisor grants you the right to operate the Other Restaurant and permits that Other Restaurant to be
operated at a Multi-Brand Location. The terms of each Other Franchisor’s franchise offering, franchise
agreement or license agreement, and related agreements are disclosed in the Other Franchisor’s franchise
disclosure document, which you must obtain from that Other Franchisor. Unless otherwise noted, the
disclosures in this FDD apply to Dunkin’ Restaurants that are operated at Multi-Brand Locations.
Market and Competition
Your Restaurant and/or Combo Restaurant will offer products and services to the general public throughout
the year and compete with other national and regional chains and local restaurants that sell similar products
and services. The market for Dunkin’ products and services is well developed and very competitive. Despite
this competition, we believe Dunkin’ Restaurants appeal to consumers because of the System and the quality
of products and services offered from Dunkin’ Restaurants and Combo Restaurants.
Laws, Rules, and Regulations
You will have to comply with all federal, state and local laws, including minimum wage laws, health and
sanitation laws, marketing and anti-solicitation practices (including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act,
CAN-SPAM Act, the Telemarketing Sales Rule), and other laws such as menu labeling laws that apply to
restaurants in general. You also will have to comply with all other federal, state and local laws and regulations
that apply generally to all businesses. We encourage you to make additional inquiries into those laws and
regulations and obtain the assistance of legal counsel.
Our Predecessors, Parents, and Certain Affiliates
We are a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of DB Master Finance LLC (“DB Master Finance”) and DB Master
Finance Parent LLC (“DB Master Finance Parent”), and both are Delaware limited liability companies with
the same principal business address as us. DB Master Finance Parent absolutely and unconditionally guarantees
to assume our duties and obligations under the Store Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement.
Another one of our parent companies, Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (“Dunkin’ Brands”), is a Delaware corporation
with the same principal business address as us. Under a securitization financing transaction that closed in 2015
(the “Securitization Transaction”), Dunkin’ Brands signed a management agreement with us and certain of our
affiliates to perform our obligations under the Store Development Agreements and Franchise Agreements and
provide other support to the System. We pay management fees to Dunkin’ Brands for these services. As the
franchisor, we are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all of our obligations under your Store
Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement are performed in compliance with the respective
agreements, regardless of whether we, Dunkin’ Brands, or another third-party performs those services on our
behalf. DB Master Finance and various entities affiliated with DB Master Finance have entered into additional
secured financing transactions subsequent to the Securitization Transaction, and may enter into other
securitization and other financing transactions in the future. As a result of these transactions, there have been
certain restructuring of various DB Master Finance affiliates, which are described in this Item 1.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

3

