for amounts that you spend on promotional activities related to the
opening of such Restaurant, if you undertake such promotional
activities in the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in
accordance with our Standards and you provide to us a report of such
expenditures, in the format and containing the information that we
reasonably specify, together with all receipts.
(3)

[Note: Only include if this is the first Restaurant that qualifies for
the Pacific Northwest Incentive] Because this is the first Restaurant
that you or your affiliates are opening in the Pacific Northwest
Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program, we will
provide you with an additional Continuing Franchise Fee credit
equal to $50,000 for that first Restaurant (the “One-Time Opening
Incentive Credit”).

(4)

If you open the Restaurant during the 2026 or 2027 calendar year,
we will provide you with a Continuing Franchise Fee credit equal to
$300,000 for such Restaurant (the “2026–2027 Opening Incentive
Credit”).

(5)

Within thirty (30) days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any
applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you
to be applied to Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the
Term (without interest).

2.
Additional Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the Brewed
For Growth, Select Developing Markets, Go West Incentive program, or Pacific Northwest
Incentive program set forth above, and you open and begin operating the Restaurant in accordance
with the Franchise Agreement before the Opening Deadline, then the Continuing Franchise Fee
will be zero percent (0%) of Gross Sales from the date you open the Restaurant until the Opening
Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12) months), and then the applicable Continuing Franchise Fee
rate shall apply. If you open the Restaurant on or after the Opening Deadline, the Early Opening
Incentive described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.
3.
VetFran Program. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee or its
owner(s) qualify for the VetFran Incentive, and this Franchise Agreement is signed in connection
with the development and operation of the franchisee’s first through tenth restaurant/Franchise
Agreement.] If (a) are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or
had an affiliate that signed, a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who
qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement to develop one Restaurant, (b) you and your affiliates
are in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement between us
and you or your affiliates, including (if applicable) the Store Development Agreement, (c) you
open and begin operating the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement on or before
the Required Opening Date identified in Section D of the Contract Data Schedule, (d) you provide
to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying
the amounts that you spend in various categories relating to the development and opening of the
Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for business, and (e) you build the
6
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD, Ex. C-4
Incentives Amendment to the Combo Franchise Agreement
1624847023.3

