Provision

Section in the
Agreement

Summary
return Manuals and other documents containing our
Standards to us; de-identify the Premises and return
signage to us; disconnect and cease telephone
number connected with the Proprietary Marks;
withdrawal fictitious names or similar registration
using Proprietary Marks; comply with posttermination non-competition covenants.

SDA: §7.B

j.

Obligations include cease operating under the Store
Development Agreement; immediately pay all
outstanding amounts owed, including all unpaid IFFs
due under the Development Schedule.
No restriction on our right to assign.

Assignment of contract
by franchisor

FA: §13.A
SDA: §8.A

k. “Transfer” by franchisee
– defined

FA: §13.B
SDA: §7.B

l.

FA: §§13.C, 13.D
SDA: §§7.C, 7.D
FA: §§13.C, 13.D

Franchisor approval of
transfer by franchisee
m. Conditions for franchisor
approval of transfer

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

75

“Transfer” includes voluntary, involuntary, direct or
indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition,
and includes: (a) transfer of any direct or indirect
ownership interest in you; (b) merger, consolidation
or exchange of ownership interests, or issuance of
additional ownership interests; (c) any exchange of
voting interests, any arrangement granting the right
to control the exercise of the voting rights of any
Owner or to control the Restaurant; (d) transfer in a
divorce, insolvency or entity dissolution proceeding,
or otherwise by operation of law, or by will,
declaration of or transfer in trust, or under the laws
of intestate succession; (e) foreclosure; or (f) transfer,
surrender or loss of the possession, control or
management of all or material portion of the
Restaurant (or its operation) or you. “Control
Transfer” includes transfer of the Franchise
Agreement or rights or obligations under the
Franchise Agreement, direct or indirect interest in the
Restaurant, or all or substantially all of the Operating
Assets, or a Controlling Ownership Interest in you.
“Non-Controlling Transfer” includes all other
transfers.
We have the right to approve all transfers, but we will
not unreasonably withhold approval.
Control Transfer approval requirements: (i) each
transferee meets our then-current criteria and each
guarantor executes a guaranty; (ii) you have satisfied
all outstanding obligations to us; (iii) the Restaurant
and Premises are in compliance with our Standards
and the Agreement; (iv) sale price may not be
excessive; (v) execute general release; (vi) transferee
or you repair and/or replace Operating Assets and
correct other deficiencies we identified, and if we
require, refurbish or remodel the Restaurant and

