Proprietary Marks or the names “Dunkin’ Donuts”, “Dunkin’”, “DD”, “Dunk” or anything confusingly
similar as part of your corporate or other legal name, or as part of any e-mail address, domain
name, social media accounts, or other identification of you or your business, in any medium. In
all approved uses of the Proprietary Marks on your business forms such as your letterhead,
invoices, order forms, receipts, and contracts, you must identify yourself as our franchisee and
your business as independently owned and operated in the manner that we periodically specify.
You must modify or discontinue using any Proprietary Mark and/or use one or more additional or
substitute trademarks or service marks as we periodically specify.
9.C
Notification of Infringements and Control of Proceedings. You agree to notify us promptly
if you become aware of any actual or apparent infringement or litigation relating to the Proprietary
Marks. We or our licensor may take the action that we or it deems appropriate (including no action)
and control exclusively any litigation or other proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge
or claim or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark. You agree to reasonably cooperate with
us (at our expense) with respect to actions that, in the opinion of our or our licensor’s attorneys,
are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our and our licensor’s interests in any litigation
or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our licensor’s interests in the
Proprietary Marks. At our option, we or our licensor may defend and control the defense of any
claims disputing your use of, or challenging the validity of, or our (or our licensor’s) rights in, any
Proprietary Mark.
9.D
Indemnification for Use of Proprietary Marks. We agree to defend, indemnify and hold you
and your successors and assigns harmless from, including by reimbursing any reasonable
attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses you incur in connection with, any claims disputing
your use of, or challenging the validity of or our (or our licensor’s) rights in, any Proprietary Mark
we license you under this Agreement, as long as the claim does not arise from your use of any
Proprietary Mark in breach of this Agreement, the Manual or the Standards.
9.E
System Confidential Information. In this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means
information relating to us or the Dunkin’ System that is proprietary, provides a competitive
advantage to Dunkin’ Restaurants, and is not generally available to the public, including
development plans for Dunkin’ Restaurants; certain proprietary information in the Manuals and
Standards, including recipes, products and specifications; data relating to past advertising,
marketing, promotional, customer relationship management and other brand-related programs
and materials used by Dunkin’ Restaurants and future plans for those programs; knowledge of
specifications for and suppliers of certain proprietary Operating Assets and other products and
services that Dunkin’ Restaurants use or sell; and other trade secrets and proprietary know-how
relating to the methods of developing, operating and marketing the Restaurant. We and our
affiliates own all right, title and interest in and to the Confidential Information. You agree that you
and your Owners:
(1)
will not use any Confidential Information in any other business or capacity,
whether during or after the Term, and will not sell, trade or otherwise profit in any way from
the Confidential Information, except during the Term using methods we approve;
(2)
will keep the Confidential Information absolutely confidential, both during
the Term and thereafter for as long as the information is not in the public domain, and will
not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed in written or other
tangible or intangible form; and
12
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

