Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without interest). You may combine the
VetFran Program with our other incentive programs described in Item 6.
General Terms for Early Opening Incentive and VetFran Program: If you fail to satisfy any of the
applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights and remedies (including the right to
terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Store Development Agreement), the Early Opening
Incentive and/or VetFran Program will not apply to the Restaurant(s). The Early Opening Incentive
and VetFran Program do not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their
expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant at an SDO Location, as a relocation or
replacement of an existing or closed Dunkin’ Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an
existing Dunkin’ Restaurant.
Note 3.

Continuing Advertising Fee. Unless you qualify for an incentive, the CAF for new Dunkin’
Restaurants is 5.0% of Gross Sales and the CAF for Dunkin’ Restaurants operating at SDO locations
is 2.5% of Gross Sales.
Brewed for Growth: If you qualify for the Brewed for Growth incentive program, then the CAF will
be as follows:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 5
Years 6 through 8
Year 9 through remainder of the term

Effective CAF
1.9%
2.9%
5%

If your development schedule exceeds 5 years but you otherwise would qualify for the Brewed for
Growth incentive program, you will receive the benefit of the Go West Incentive described below.
Select Developing Markets: If you qualify for the Select Development Markets incentive program,
then the CAF will be as follows:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective CAF
2.0%
3.0%
4.0%
5.0%

Go West Incentive: If you qualify for the Go West Incentive program, then the CAF will be as
follows:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 5
Year 6 to Year 8
Year 9 through remainder of the term

Effective CAF
2.4%
3.4%
5.0%

We describe the conditions to qualify for the Brewed for Growth incentive in Item 5 and the
conditions to qualify for the Select Developing Markets and Go West Incentive programs in Note
2 above.
Note 4.

Loyalty Program Contribution Payment. Your Dunkin’ Restaurant must participate in our and
our affiliates’ consumer loyalty program (the “Loyalty Program”). You must enter into the Loyalty
Program Participation Agreement attached to this FDD as Exhibit J when you sign the Franchise

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

37

