2.

Rights in Store Development Area and SDOs.

A.
If you are fully complying with this Agreement, and you and your affiliates are
fully complying with all franchise and all other agreements with us and our affiliates relating to a
Combo Restaurant (together with this Agreement, collectively, the “Related Agreements”), then
during the term of this Agreement only, neither we nor our affiliates will operate, or authorize
any other party to operate, a Combo Restaurant the physical premises of which are located
within the Store Development Area, except for (i) franchises we grant to you and approved
Controlled Affiliates; (ii) those Combo Restaurants identified on Exhibit A, which are the
restaurants in the Store Development Area that, as of the date of this Agreement, are owned
and operated by our affiliates or other franchisees or are under development by our affiliates or
other franchisees (and you agree that these restaurants may relocate to any other location
within their trade areas that we approve); and (iii) as set forth in this Section 2. If the Store
Development Area is defined as more than one contiguous geographic territory, then at the time
you or your Controlled Affiliate signs a Franchise Agreement (defined below) for a Combo
Restaurant to be developed in any of those separate territories, the territorial protections and
prohibitions under this Section 2.A will no longer apply to the applicable separate territory.
We and our affiliates shall at all times have the right to engage in any activities we or
they deem appropriate that are not expressly prohibited by this Agreement, whenever and
wherever we or they desire. This includes (1) rights to operate or license others to operate
Combo Restaurants (and Dunkin’ Restaurants and Baskin-Robbins Restaurants) at such
locations and on such terms as we choose, except as expressly set forth in this Section 2; (2)
rights to operate or license others to operate other concepts, and to grant other licenses relating
to the Proprietary Marks, at such locations and on such terms as we choose; and (3) rights to
use or license others to use the Proprietary Marks in ways that compete with your location and
that draw customers from the same area as your Restaurant, including rights to distribute
Dunkin’® and Baskin-Robbins® products and services of every kind and nature through any
other channels of distribution (such as, for example, in a hotel room, an office or a supermarket
(as distinguished from a Combo Restaurant inside a supermarket)).
B.
Special distribution opportunities for Combo Restaurants (“SDOs”) may arise
within the Store Development Area that may or may not be available to you. Examples of SDOs
include hospitals, train stations, airports, entertainment and sports complexes, convention
centers, casinos and resorts, limited-access highway food facilities, military facilities, schools
and colleges, office or factory food service facilities, gas/convenience stores, travel centers,
travel plazas, department stores and “big box” super stores, mobile units, off-site sales
accounts, supermarkets and home improvement retailers. We retain the right to pursue and to
operate (and grant rights to others to pursue and to operate) Combo Restaurants at SDOs
within your Store Development Area, but during the term of this Agreement we will offer you the
opportunity to become a Combo Restaurant franchisee for those SDOs (“SDO Notice”) provided
that, at the time we are prepared to deliver the SDO Notice: (x) you and your affiliates are in
compliance with all Related Agreements, (y) you meet our then current Criteria to Expand, and
(z) the party that controls the SDO permits us to do so. You will have thirty (30) days after we
deliver the SDO Notice (or such longer period identified in the SDO Notice) to secure rights to
the location. Except as provided below, the initial franchise fee that you (or your Controlled
Affiliate) pay for any SDO will be our then-current initial franchise fee for similar SDOs and will
be payable to us is in addition to the IFF (defined below) required under this Agreement.
(1)
Although gas/convenience locations are expressly covered as SDOs in
this Section 2.B, if you propose and we approve you (or your Controlled Affiliate) for a
2
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-2
Combo Development Agreement
1616203421.4

