ITEM 1:
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (“Franchise Disclosure Document” or “FDD”),
“we” or “us” means Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC. “You” means the person or entity that buys the
franchise. If you are a corporation, partnership, or other entity, each person or entity holding a direct or indirect
ownership interest in you must sign a guaranty, which means all the provisions of the Store Development
Agreements (Exhibit D-1 and Exhibit D-2) and Franchise Agreements (Exhibit C-1 and Exhibit C-2) also will
apply to them individually.
The Franchisor
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on March 15, 2006. Our principal place of business is
Three Glenlake Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We do business under our name, Dunkin’ Donuts
Franchising LLC, and the brand name “Dunkin’”. The Dunkin’ brand began in 1954 and we, through our
predecessors, have offered Dunkin’ franchises since 1955. As of December 29, 2024, there were 9,768 Dunkin’
restaurants operating in the United States (9,734 franchised and 34 company-owned). Of those 9,768
restaurants, 8,480 were single-branded Dunkin’ restaurants, 19 were Dunkin’ restaurants operating at MultiBrand Locations, and 1,269 were franchised Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins combo restaurants. Additionally, as
of December 29, 2024, there were 4,328 single-branded franchised Dunkin’ restaurants operating
internationally.
We have not offered franchises in any other line of business, we have never operated a Dunkin’ Restaurant,
and except as described in this FDD, we have no other business activities. If we have an agent for services of
process, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A.
The Dunkin’® Franchise
We grant franchises for restaurants that feature donuts, coffee, espresso, bagels, muffins, croissants, other
bakery items, breakfast sandwiches, and other food and beverage products under the Proprietary Marks
(defined below) and System (defined below) (each a “Dunkin’ Restaurant”).
We call the Dunkin’ Restaurant that you will operate under the Franchise Agreement your “Restaurant.” Your
Restaurant will offer and sell Menu Items (defined below) from a location we accept (together with the parking
area or other real estate appurtenant to the Restaurant, the “Premises”), and under the Proprietary Marks and
System, all of which we may change periodically. “Menu Items” means the donuts, coffee, espresso, bagels,
muffins, croissants, other bakery items, breakfast sandwiches, and other food and beverage products prepared
according to our specified recipes and procedures, as we may modify from time to time and authorize for sale
at your Restaurant. “System” means the Dunkin’ Restaurant franchise system, which involves the
conceptualization, design, specification, development, operation, marketing, franchising and licensing of
restaurants and associated concepts for the sale of proprietary and non-proprietary food and beverage products,
all of which we may periodically develop and modify.
We offer to qualified entities the right to develop and operate Dunkin’ Restaurants from non-traditional
locations, including hospitals, train stations, airports, entertainment and sports complexes, convention centers,
casinos and resorts, limited-access highway food facilities, military facilities, schools and colleges, office or
factory food service facilities, gas/convenience stores, travel centers, travel plazas, department stores and big
box super stores, mobile units, off-site sales accounts, supermarkets and home improvement retailers
(collectively, “Special Distribution Opportunities” or “SDO”). If the Restaurant is located at an SDO location,
“Premises” includes the Restaurant, any storage, seating or common areas used in connection with the
Restaurant. Some Dunkin’ Restaurants that operate from an SDO location may be self-serve, meaning the
guest obtains their own beverage and/or food rather than being served by a franchisee team member. If you
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

1

