under this authorization must be made either in writing in accordance with the Agreement, or by
such other method as specified by Dunkin’ Brands at such time. You acknowledge that the
origination of ACH transactions to the Designated Account must comply with provisions of U.S.
law. You agree to provide Dunkin’ Brands with at least 15 days’ advance written notice of a
change to the Designated Account.
b) You authorize and agree that we may initiate debit entries, credit entries and other adjustments
to a bank account designated by you to facilitate the settlement of Loyalty Program funds and you
further agree that should any automated clearing house request or other request to transfer funds
from any of your accounts be rejected, we may effect such transfer by electronic funds transfer or
such other means as we may determine without the need of further consent from you.
4) Loyalty Program Defaults
A failure to enroll in the Loyalty Program via Web Enroll or to pay any amount due under this
Agreement shall be deemed a default under your Franchise Agreement. In addition to the remedies
stated in these Terms and Conditions, we shall have all rights and remedies afforded to us under
the Franchise Agreement up to, and including, termination of the Franchise Agreement. Failure
to pay the LCP when due may result in a suspension of Redemption Reimbursement after notice
to Franchisee.
5) Exclusivity
During the term of this Agreement, other than your participation in the Program, you will not,
either internally or through a third party, offer or participate in any other mobile or online ordering,
purchasing or payment program or any other proprietary, closed network, online stored value card
program at or through any Dunkin’ or Baskin-Robbins restaurant. You may participate in
“Hospitality Programs.” Hospitality Programs are card programs that: (i) your restaurant is
required to participate in by the host of such location (where the host is an entity within whose
broader rules of operation the restaurant must operate, such as but not limited to, a school,
university, hospital, or military PX); and (ii) do not involve the use of Dunkin’ Brands, Inc.’s
brands on the cards.
6) Transfer of Restaurant; Termination
a) Termination. Participation in the Loyalty Program and this Agreement shall terminate
automatically with respect to the applicable Restaurant on the termination or expiration of your
Franchise Agreement; provided, however that if the Franchise Agreement is terminated for
convenience in connection with a renewal of term and the simultaneous entry by the Franchisee
into a new Franchise Agreement for the same Restaurant, this Agreement and your participation
in the Loyalty Program shall continue.
b) Transfer. Effective as of the transfer of the Restaurant, this Agreement is terminated and you
will not be eligible to receive reimbursements for any redemptions claimed after the date of transfer
or refunds of any LCP paid prior to the date of transfer, or any other rights under this Agreement;
provided, however, that you will remain liable for any required payments due and other obligations
pursuant to this Agreement arising through the date of transfer.
3
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. J
Loyalty Program Participation Agreement
1616203418.2

