wish to develop one or more Dunkin’ Restaurants that will be operated from an SDO location, you will sign
our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Rider to the Franchise Agreement, which
is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit C-3 (the “Non-Traditional Rider”), for each Restaurant
developed at an SDO location.
We also offer to qualified prospects the right to develop multiple Dunkin’ Restaurants within a designated
territory (“Store Development Area” or “SDA”) under the terms of the Store Development Agreement (Exhibit
D-1). The Store Development Agreement will specify the number of Dunkin’ Restaurants you will develop
over a specified period (“Development Schedule”). Certain Dunkin’ Restaurants operated from SDO locations
may count towards your Development Schedule. Under the terms of the Store Development Agreement, you
or an approved subsidiary must develop the Dunkin’ Restaurants in the Store Development Area, and sign our
then-current form of Franchise Agreement for each Dunkin’ Restaurant developed under to the Store
Development Area. However, if you fully comply with the Store Development Agreement, each Franchise
Agreement developed under to the Store Development Agreement will reflect the initial franchise fee specified
in Item 5.
The Dunkin’ + Baskin-Robbins Combo Franchise
In addition to Dunkin’ Restaurants, we and our affiliate, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC (“BR”), grant
franchises to develop and operate restaurants under the System and the Baskin-Robbins system, offering and
selling Menu Items and Baskin-Robbins menu items, and using both the Proprietary Marks and the BaskinRobbins trademarks (each a “Combo Restaurant”). We use the term “Combo Restaurant” to refer to the
Restaurant that you will operate under the Combo Franchise Agreement (Exhibit C-2). We refer to the
Franchise Agreement and Combo Franchise Agreement collectively as the “Franchise Agreement” throughout
this FDD. If you are offered that opportunity, you will receive a separate FDD from BR.
We also offer to qualified prospects the right to develop multiple Combo Restaurants within a Store
Development Area under the terms of the “Combo Store Development Agreement” (Exhibit D-2). The Combo
Store Development Agreement will specify the Development Schedule. Either you or an approved subsidiary
may develop the Combo Restaurants in the Store Development Area. Under the terms of the Combo Store
Development Agreement, you or an approved subsidiary must develop the Combo Restaurants in the Store
Development Area, and sign our then-current form of Combo Franchise Agreement for each Combo Restaurant
developed under to the Store Development Area. However, if you fully comply with the Combo Store
Development Agreement, each Combo Franchise Agreement developed under to the Combo Store
Development Agreement will reflect the initial franchise fee specified in Item 5. We refer to the Store
Development Agreement and Combo Store Development Agreement collectively as the “Store Development
Agreement” throughout this FDD.
Multi-Brand Locations
We have an arrangement with Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc., Jimmy John’s
Franchisor SPV, LLC, and Sonic Franchising LLC (each an “Other Franchisor”) whereby we, together with
the applicable Other Franchisor(s), may offer certain qualified prospects the right to develop and operate a
Dunkin’ Restaurant at the same location as, and in combination with, an Arby’s® restaurant, Buffalo Wild
Wings® Sports Bar, BWW-GO® restaurant, Jimmy John’s® restaurant, and/or Sonic® restaurant
(collectively, the “Other Restaurants” and together with a Dunkin’ Restaurant, the “Multi-Brand Location”).
Each Multi-Brand Location will offer and sell a range of products authorized to be sold under the System and
Proprietary Marks, and the franchise system and trademarks of the Other Franchisor(s). The Dunkin’
Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) operating from the Multi-Brand Location may require separate point of
sale systems, employees, uniforms, branding, and more for each restaurant.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

2

