under 28 U.S.C. § 1981, as well as claims under the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, tortious
interference with prospective economic advantage, defamation, libel, slander, and unjust enrichment. Shetty
Plaintiff’s civil rights claims are based on the allegation that franchisor discriminates against Asian Indian
women. On December 11, 2015, the trial court granted Dunkin’s motion to dismiss Shetty Plaintiff’s claims
under the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, for tortious interference with prospective economic
advantage, defamation, libel, slander, and unjust enrichment. The case was settled on February 23, 2017, with
the entire settlement amount paid by Dunkin’s insurance carrier and with no admission of liability by
defendants. The matter is now closed.
Bartosz Grabowski v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., (Case No. 1:17-cv-05069) U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois, filed on July 9, 2017. The complaint in this putative class action lawsuit alleged that the
Dunkin’ Brands engaged in deceptive practices with respect to its blueberry donut products by allegedly trying
to convince consumers that certain products (such as the “Glazed Blueberry” donut and munchkin, the
“Blueberry Butternut Donut,” and the "Blueberry Crumb Cake Donut”) contain real blueberries. The complaint
claimed that Dunkin’ Brands engaged in fraud by (1) using the word “blueberry” in the product names; (2)
using imitation blueberries on both the inside and outside of the product that were “specifically made to
resemble actual blueberries or pieces of actual blueberry due to their blue color and round shape”; and (3)
charging consumers a “premium price” for blueberry donuts which, the complaint alleges, are “uniformly
priced higher than other donuts on the Dunkin’ menu such as the Glazed Donut.” As a result, the complaint
contended that consumers reasonably expect these products to contain actual blueberries and, therefore, the
use of the word “blueberry” as a product description at franchises and in marketing is misleading. The legal
claims brought against Dunkin’ Brands in this case were: (1) violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and
Deceptive Business Practices Act; (2) common law fraud; (3) intentional misrepresentation; (4) negligent
misrepresentation; (5) breach of contract; and (6) unjust enrichment. The complaint sought a minimum of $5
million dollars in damages. This case was settled on October 2, 2018 on an individual basis with no admission
of liability by Dunkin’ Brands and was dismissed with prejudice. The matter is now closed.
Airport Mart, Inc. v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, (Case No. 7:18-cv-00170) U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York, filed on January 9, 2018. Airport Mart, Inc. (“Airport Plaintiff”) was a former
Dunkin’ franchisee that brought suit against us regarding the development, operation, and termination of the
franchise agreement that was located at the Westchester Airport in White Plains, New York from 2010 to 2015.
Airport Plaintiff alleged that we induced him into purchasing equipment for the Just Baked On Demand system
and that he was instead “forced” to purchase donuts from a commissary operated by another franchisee,
rendering the Just Baked On Demand equipment “useless.” Airport Plaintiff also claimed that that our
employees made derogatory comments about him to airport officials, failed to provide him with sufficient
marketing and advertising support, and delayed the opening of his franchise by changing up the construction
plans and site layouts. In addition, Airport Plaintiff claimed that we did not assist him in obtaining a new
location at the airport after his initial lease expired, failed to help him obtain a lease extension, and refused to
allow him to relocate the store. Airport Plaintiff raised several legal claims against us, including breach of the
franchise agreement, violation of New York’s deceptive trade practices statute, fraud, and intentional
misrepresentation and sought $10 million in damages. On the September 16, 2019, the court dismissed Airport
Plaintiff’s claims for fraud in the inducement, intentional misrepresentation, and deceptive trade practices,
leaving only the breach of contract claim in the case. Following that ruling, the case was settled for a nominal
amount on February 10, 2020, without any admission of liability on our part and the matter is now closed.
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC v. Coffee & Brands Sweden AB, et al., (Case No. 01-1 8-0001-8486),
American Arbitration Association, filed on May 9, 2018. Coffee & Brands Sweden AB (C&B) (“C&B
Respondent”) was the Dunkin’ franchisee in Sweden. Dunkin’ terminated C&B Respondent’s master franchise
agreement (MFA) for non-payment of almost $500,000 in franchise fees and failure to secure an irrevocable
letter of credit of $1 million as required under the MFA and related agreements. We then filed this arbitration
proceeding to enforce termination of the MFA. In response, C&B Respondent raised counterclaims against us
for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, violation of the Massachusetts Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

18

