DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company has not recognized a foreign deferred tax liability of $12.2 million for potential taxes on the undistributed
foreign earnings, net of foreign tax credits, relating to the Company's foreign equity-method investments that arose in 2024
and prior years because the Company currently does not expect those unremitted earnings to be distributed and become
taxable to the Company in the future. A deferred tax liability will be recognized when the Company is no longer able to
demonstrate that it plans to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings. As of December 29, 2024 and December 30, 2023,
the undistributed earnings of these equity-method investments were approximately $165.6 million and $174.9 million,
respectively.
The Company has not recognized a U.S. deferred tax liability for the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries since
the previously untaxed accumulated earnings and profits of those subsidiaries were subject to tax in the one-time mandatory
transition tax provision in fiscal year 2017. Beginning in fiscal year 2018, the income from these subsidiaries is considered
global intangible low-taxed income and a portion of those earnings are included in taxable income in the year earned. In
addition, such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. As of December 29, 2024 and December 30,
2023, the amount of cash associated with indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings was approximately $41.1 million and
$27.8 million, respectively. If in the future the Company decides to repatriate such foreign earnings, it could incur
incremental U.S. federal and state income tax. However, the Company's intention is to keep these funds indefinitely
reinvested outside of the U.S. and its current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund the Company's U.S.
operations.
On December 18, 2023, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) released a statement on
the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, which agreed to a two-pillar (“Pillar Two”)
solution to address tax challenges of the digital economy. Pillar Two defines a 15% global minimum tax rate for large
multinational corporations. The OECD statement follows the release of the Model Rules in December 2021 and related
Commentary in March 2022, the Safe Harbours and Penalty Relief document published in December 2022, and
Administrative Guidance released in February 2023. The OECD continues to release additional guidance and countries are
implementing legislation with widespread adoption of the Model GloBE Rules for Pillar Two. Currently, the global
enactment of Pillar Two is not expected to materially impact the Company’s effective tax rate or cash flows. The Company
is continuing to evaluate the Model GloBE Rules for Pillar Two and related legislation, and their potential impact on future
periods.
The U.S. federal income tax returns for all fiscal years ended through December 14, 2020 are settled. The U.S. federal
income tax returns for Inspire remain subject to examination for all subsequent fiscal periods. With limited exceptions,
certain of the Company's state income tax returns from fiscal year 2020 forward remain subject to examination. Various
state income tax returns are currently under examination.
As of December 29, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax
positions and the amount recorded related to potential interest and penalties were not material.
10. GUARANTEES AND OTHER COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Lease Guarantees
The Company guarantees the performance of lease obligations, primarily related to affiliate restaurant locations. The
guarantees, which extend through 2041, aggregated to a maximum of $44.6 million as of December 29, 2024. At this time,
the Company does not anticipate any material defaults under the foregoing leases; therefore, no liability has been
recognized.
Supply Chain Guarantees
Certain subsidiaries of the Company have entered into various agreements with suppliers of franchisee products, the
majority of which contain guarantees by such subsidiaries related to franchisees' purchases of certain volumes of products
over specified periods. The guarantees decrease as franchisees purchase products over the respective terms of the
agreements. The guarantees have varying terms, many of which are one year or less, and the latest of which expires in 2029.
As of December 29, 2024, the Company was contingently liable under such supply chain agreements for approximately
$207.1 million. The Company assesses the risk of performing under each of these guarantees on a quarterly basis, and,
based on various factors including internal forecasts, prior history, and ability to extend contract terms, the Company
accrued an inconsequential amount of reserves related to supply chain guarantees as of December 29, 2024.

25

