DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (“DBGI” or "Parent"), together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is one of the world’s leading
franchisors of restaurants serving coffee and baked goods, as well as ice cream, within the quick service restaurant segment
of the restaurant industry. On January 14, 2015, in preparation for the initial securitization financing transaction, DB Master
Finance Parent LLC (“Master Issuer Parent”) was formed as a special purpose Delaware limited liability company, and an
indirect subsidiary of DBGI. On January 26, 2015, in conjunction with the closing of the securitization financing
transaction, Master Issuer Parent received a contribution of net assets from its parent through the receipt of 100% of the
equity interests of DB Master Finance LLC (“Master Issuer”), an existing subsidiary of DBGI. Prior to this contribution of
net assets to Master Issuer Parent, Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (“DBI” or “Manager”) underwent an internal reorganization of its
corporate structure to group specific assets within Master Issuer and its subsidiaries for purposes of facilitating the
securitization financing transaction. Most of the domestic, and certain of the foreign, revenue-generating assets of DBGI are
held by Master Issuer and its subsidiaries for the purpose of making these assets, including any cash generated thereby,
available to the securitization entities to service debt obligations and to pledge these assets as collateral pursuant to a base
indenture. If the Dunkin' Master Issuer has not repaid or refinanced the notes prior to the anticipated repayment date,
additional interest will accrue pursuant to the terms of the underlying securitization agreement (the "Dunkin' Indenture").
The contributed assets and liabilities were recorded at historical cost.
Master Issuer Parent and subsidiaries (the “Company”) includes Master Issuer Parent’s direct and indirect subsidiaries
including, but not limited to, Master Issuer, Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC (collectively,
“Dunkin’ Donuts”), Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC and BR IP Holder LLC (collectively, “Baskin-Robbins”), BR UK
Franchising LLC (“UK Franchisor”), and DB Real Estate Assets I LLC and DB Real Estate Assets II LLC (collectively,
“Real Estate Asset Subs”). The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of DBGI. DBGI is an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of IRB Holding Corp. (“IRB”) whose ultimate parent is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire”).
Through DBGI’s widely recognized brands, the Company, through the services provided by DBI, franchises and licenses a
system of both traditional and nontraditional quick service restaurants. Dunkin’ Donuts, in conjunction with the Manager
and Real Estate Asset Subs, franchises restaurants featuring coffee, espresso, donuts, bagels, breakfast sandwiches, and
related products. Additionally, the Company, through the services provided by the Manager, license Dunkin’ brand products
sold in certain retail outlets such as retail packaged coffee, Dunkin’ K-Cup® pods, and ready-to-drink bottled iced coffee.
Baskin-Robbins, in conjunction with the Manager and Real Estate Asset Subs, franchises restaurants featuring ice cream,
frozen beverages, and related products. UK Franchisor, through the services provided by the Manager, sells Baskin-Robbins
franchises and distributes Baskin-Robbins ice cream products to Baskin-Robbins franchisees and licensees in the United
Kingdom and certain other foreign countries.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Fiscal Year
Beginning in 2024, the Company's fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to
December 31. For the years 2023 and prior, the Company's fiscal reporting period ended on the last Saturday closest to
December 31. Fiscal reporting periods are referred to herein as (1) “the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024," (2) "the
year ended December 30, 2023" or "2023" and (3) "the year ended December 31, 2022" or "2022." The years 2024 and 2023
consisted of 52 weeks and 2022 consisted of 53 weeks.

-7-

