(1)
have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, perform any services or other
activities for, provide any assistance to, sell any products to, or receive any financial or
other benefit from any business or venture that derives, or is reasonably expected to
derive, more than twenty percent (20%) of its overall revenue from a combination of coffee
and/or baked goods (other than another Dunkin’ Restaurant operating under a franchise
agreement with us) (a “Competitive Business”);
(2)
divert or attempt to divert any Dunkin’ Restaurant business or customer or
prospective customer away from the Restaurant or another Dunkin’ Restaurant;
(3)
oppose the issuance of a building permit, zoning variance or other
governmental approval required for the development of another Dunkin’ Restaurant; or
(4)
perform any act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the
Proprietary Marks or any Dunkin’ Restaurant.
10.C Covenants After the Term. For the first twenty-four (24) months following the expiration or
termination of this Agreement or transfer pursuant to Section 13 (the “Post-Term Period”), neither
you nor any of your Owners, officers, directors or guarantors may have a direct or indirect
ownership interest in, perform any services or other activities for, provide any assistance to, sell
any products to, or receive any financial or other benefit from any Competitive Business that is
located at the Premises or within five (5) miles from the Premises or any other Dunkin’ Restaurant
that is then open or under development. The Post-Term Period will be automatically extended,
with respect to any persons covered by this Section 10.C who are not complying fully with this
Section 10.C, for each day during which that person is not complying fully with this Section 10.C.
10.D Exclusions. The restrictions in Sections 10.B and 10.C shall not apply to the ownership
of (1) less than two percent (2%) of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national
or regional securities exchange; or (2) a passive investment interest of less than fifteen percent
(15%) in any real estate development company, provided that such interest does not include any
management control, voting rights, or other direct or indirect control over the policies or operations
of that development company, such as any rights or control with respect to the tenants, owners
or other concepts in any real estate development.
10.E Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained in
this Section 10 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us
and give us the right to obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we might
have. If a court or other tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or
enforceability of this Section 10 determines that, strictly applied, it would be invalid or
unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of activity restrained shall be deemed
modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this Section 10 will be valid
and enforceable.
SECTION 11. MAINTENANCE AND SUBMISSION OF BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS
11.A Maintaining Records. You must keep business records in the manner and for the time
required by law and our Standards, and in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. All records must be in English, and whether on paper or in an electronic form, must be
capable of being reviewed by us without special hardware or software. You must retain copies of
each state and federal tax return for the franchised business for a period of five (5) years.
14
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

