STATE OF MARYLAND
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
1. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor
approval of transfer:
Any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to
any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
2. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h), entitled
“Cause” defined – non-curable defaults:
Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law
(11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable.
3. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), entitled
Choice of forum:
Franchisee may, subject to any arbitration obligations, bring an action in Maryland for
claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to the extent
required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, unless preempted by
the federal law.
4. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w), entitled
Choice of law:
; however, to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, subject to any arbitration obligations, you may bring an action in Maryland.
5.

The following paragraphs are added to the end of the chart in Item 17:

You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other
person acting on behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.

4
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. E
State-Specific Appendices And Agreement Riders
1616203423.2

