(v)

We may require you to install an exterior digital Drive-thru presell panel that includes
a pedestal-mounted digital panel, media player, installation kit, and a warranty for
both the digital panel and the media player. Prices currently range from $8,200 to
$8,700 depending upon site size and configuration. We estimate that the cost for site
survey, physical installation, electrical and networking site preparation and vendor
management fee to support the exterior digital Drive-thru presell panel will range from
$4,300 to $4,800, depending upon scope of work required.

(vi)

You must purchase monthly recurring managed services from our approved vendor,
comprised of hosting of the DMB systems solution software, content management,
storage, and distribution of DMB systems content, “Help Desk” or “Support Desk”
support, and proactive monitoring of the DMB solutions at the Restaurant. The
monthly recurring service fee ranges from $13 to $17 per panel, per Restaurant. Your
cost will increase between $13 to $17 (each month) for each additional digital panel.

(G)
Service Desk Services. You must use our approved provider of Restaurant
Technology System Service Desk services, who provide first point of contact assistance with your
POS System and Restaurant Technology System. The Service Desk troubleshoots malfunctioning
systems, arranges for hardware and software repairs, facilitates other technology processes and
programs, and answers questions about certain technology operations. A current Service Desk contract
is required for each of your Restaurants, covering any Restaurant Technology System components that
the Service Desk supports. The cost of a Service Desk contract ranges from $570 to $825 per
Restaurant, per year.
(H)
Drive-Thru Monitoring System. We require you to purchase and install the DriveThru monitoring system from our approved vendors to enable both in-Restaurant and remote
measurement of the Drive-Thru servicing times by key activities. We estimate that this system will be
in the range of $2,500 to $5,000, depending on the type of system installed. On-going fees range from
$400 to $600 per year, depending on the type of system installed.
(I)
Drive-Thru Audio System. We require you to purchase, install, and maintain the
digital Drive-Thru audio system from our approved vendor. The cost for digital Drive-Thru audio
equipment is a one-time fee that we estimate to range between $4,500 to $9,000, depending on the
type of system installed.
(J)
Credit Card Processing Services / Payment Terminal Device. You are required to
participate in the approved credit card program with our approved vendor, which currently includes
MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover. You should expect to pay monthly bank and
service fees for this service as well as fixed and variable transactional fees for processing. Each POS
System terminal accepting tender must be interconnected to the payment terminal device with
appropriate software to encrypt and tokenize the payment transactions provided by our approved
vendor. The costs for the payment terminal hardware and accessories range from $0 to $400 per unit.
Installation costs per Restaurant range from $175 to $500. Hardware and software maintenance for
payment terminals range from $320 to $400 per year. Variable costs depend on the number of payment
terminals present.
If we grant your Restaurant a limited exception to not use the required POS System, you may
instead be required to install and maintain an external credit card and/or gift card payment processing
device for each exception POS terminal that accepts tender. The range for such equipment is from
$500 to $1,250 per POS terminal. In addition, Restaurants could purchase additional payment
terminals for their Restaurants and the cost ranges from $375 to $450. Hardware and software
maintenance for the additional payment terminals range from $320 to $400 per year. Installation costs
per Restaurant range from $175 to $500.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

60

