Design Fees
At your request, our affiliate may develop a preliminary site layout (“PSL”) or a preliminary kitchen layout
(“PKL”) for your Restaurant. If our affiliate prepares a PSL and/or PKL for the Restaurant you must pay our
affiliate the then-current Kitchen Layout Design Fees and/or Site Design Fees as applicable. Currently, the Site
Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling Restaurant and the Kitchen Layout Design Fee is
$1,200 for a PKL for a new Restaurant and $750 for a PKL for a remodeling Restaurant. Our affiliates only
offer PSL services to Restaurants with drive-thrus.
Incentives
Brewed for Growth Incentive Program. You may qualify for the “Brewed for Growth” incentive program if
you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant in
the Brewed for Growth Territory. You may also qualify for the Brewed for Growth incentive program if you
sign a new Store Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop 1 or more Dunkin’
Restaurants, each located in the Brewed for Growth Territory, and the Development Schedule does not exceed
5 years. You may also qualify for the Brewed for Growth incentive program if (a) you sign a Franchise
Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a previously closed Dunkin' Restaurant
(without relocating it) in the Brewed for Growth Territory, (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed,
the Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days, and (c) you are
not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer. Finally, you may qualify for the Brewed
for Growth program if you sign the Incentive Amendment to an existing Store Development Agreement on or
before March 31, 2026, to amend your existing development schedule to add 1 or more new Dunkin’
Restaurants in the Brewed for Growth Territory to the development schedule and the revised Development
Schedule does not exceed 5 years. The “Brewed for Growth Territory” currently includes the following DMAs:
Chico-Redding, CA; Bakersfield, CA; Eureka, CA; Fresno, CA; Monterey, CA; Los Angeles, CA; San Diego,
CA; San Francisco, CA; Santa Barbara, CA; Sacramento, CA; Palm Springs, CA; Austin, TX; Laredo, TX;
Harlingen, TX; Dallas, TX; Houston, TX; San Antonio, TX; Tulsa, OK; Tyler, TX; Waco, TX; and Oklahoma
City, OK.
Under the Brewed for Growth incentive program, with respect to each Restaurant, if you open the Restaurant
in compliance with the Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, in
compliance with the Store Development Agreement), you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance
with each agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including the applicable Franchise Agreement
when the Restaurant opens, you submit all development costs to us in the form we require within 120 days of
opening the Restaurant, and you build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location
we approve (collectively, the “Incentive Eligibility Requirements”), then we will pay you an amount equal to
50% of the IFF you paid for that Restaurant. In addition, your CAF and CFF contributions will be reduced as
described in Item 6.
Non-Traditional College/University Incentive Program. The “Non-Traditional College/University Incentive”
program encourages existing franchisees to develop Dunkin’ Restaurants that offer the full range of Dunkin’
products on college campuses near their existing restaurants. To qualify, you must sign a Franchise Agreement
and Non-Traditional Rider on or before March 31, 2026, to develop the Restaurant that offers the full range of
Dunkin’ products at a college or university campus (a “Campus Restaurant”). Additionally, (a) you must own
and operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a traditional location within 2 miles of the new campus restaurant as of
the Campus Restaurant’s opening date (the “Existing Restaurant”), (b) the Existing Restaurant must be the
nearest Dunkin’ Restaurant to the Campus Restaurant; (c) you must meet the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements; and (d) you must open the Campus Restaurant on or before December 31, 2026. If you satisfy
these requirements, then we will extend the term of the franchise agreement for the Existing Restaurant for up
to 10 years, provided the maximum total term cannot exceed 20 years, for no additional IFF.
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

30

