Topic

Number of Pages

Equipment

108

Operational Excellence

195

Digital, Mobile, Technology

70

Drive-Thru

96

People

80

CML/FP

117
TOTAL

817

Ongoing Obligations. During the operation of your Restaurant, we will:
1.

Update the System, Standards, Manuals, and Proprietary Marks from time to time. (Franchise
Agreement Section 1.C)

2.

Provide on-going training. (Franchise Agreement Section 4.A)

3.

Maintain an advisory relationship with you by providing such assistance as we periodically
deem appropriate regarding the development and operation of a Dunkin’ Restaurant.
(Franchise Agreement Sections 4.C)

4.

Consult with the franchisee advisory council (or its successor) from time to time. (Franchise
Agreement Sections 4.D)

5.

Advise you regarding the manner and timing of the marketing start-up of your Restaurant.
(Franchise Agreement Section 5.B)

6.

Maintain the Dunkin' Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund. (Franchise Agreement Section
6.A)

7.

Review advertising and marketing materials you prepare or cause to be prepared. (Franchise
Agreement Section 6.B)

8.

Specify the form and manner of records and reports you must submit to us. (Franchise
Agreement Section 11.B)

9.

Provide you notice of SDO opportunities in your Store Development Agreement. (Store
Development Agreement Section 2)

Site Selection and Lease
Store Development Agreement. If you sign the Store Development Agreement to develop multiple Restaurants,
then you may look for sites within the Store Development Area. Although we may assist you in your search,
it will be your sole responsibility to search for and propose to us the site on which you wish to develop the
Restaurant. You must deliver to us a complete site report and other materials and information we request for
suitable site(s) within the Store Development Area in time to meet your obligations under the Development
Schedule. You may only develop a Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. You must also submit
information to us concerning the proposed layout and other aspects of the proposed Restaurant’s design and
appearance. You must make the changes to the proposed design and appearance that we require, and you must
develop the Restaurant only in accordance with our requirements. Each Restaurant must be constructed and
equipped to our then-current standards and specifications.
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

53

