Baskin-Robbins disclosure document. We encourage you to talk to franchisees who operate Combo
Restaurants in similar trade areas to gain a better understanding of how your costs may vary.
14.

Multi-Brand Locations: If we permit you to develop a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location,
you may incur additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial franchise fee,
initial training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture, equipment, initial inventory,
and other expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs to establish each applicable Other
Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document. You may pay less than the
cumulative total estimated initial investments for both a Dunkin’ Restaurant and Other Restaurant if
certain expenses overlap, such as rent and insurance.
New Multi-Brand Incentive. If you sign a new Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, or
if you are a party to an existing Franchise Agreement and the site development package for the
Restaurant was not approved as of the issuance date of this disclosure document, and you agree to
develop the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location with a new Jimmy John’s restaurant (for which you
have or will sign a Jimmy John’s franchise agreement on or before March 31, 2026 and for which the
site development package has not yet been approved as of the date of this disclosure document), you
may qualify for the “New Multi-Brand Incentive.” Under the New Multi-Brand Incentive if (a) you
satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements; (b) you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements
with respect to the applicable Jimmy John’s restaurant; (c) you open and begin operating that
Restaurant and the Jimmy John’s restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement and Jimmy John’s franchise agreement, respectively, on or before December 31,
2027, then you will receive, after the opening of both the Restaurant and the Jimmy John’s restaurant
at the Multi-Brand Location either (x) $50,000, if the Restaurant is located outside of California; or
(y) $75,000, if the Restaurant is located in California. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed
above, the New Multi-Brand Incentive will not apply. The New Multi-Brand Incentive will be
addressed in the Jimmy John’s Incentive Amendment.
Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive. If you are an existing franchisee and sign a new Jimmy John’s
franchise agreement on or before March 31, 2026, or if you are a party to an existing Jimmy John’s
franchise agreement and the site development package for the Jimmy John’s restaurant was not
approved as of the issuance date of this disclosure document, and you develop the Jimmy John’s
restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location with your existing Dunkin’ Restaurant, you may qualify for the
“Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive.” Under the Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive, if (a) you satisfy the
Incentive Eligibility Requirements for the Jimmy John’s restaurant; (b) you open and begin operating
the Jimmy John’s restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location with the existing Dunkin’ Restaurant you
own and operate in compliance with the Jimmy John’s franchise agreement on or before December
31, 2026; (c) as of the date the Jimmy John’s restaurant opens, you are operating the Dunkin’
Restaurant in compliance with the Dunkin’ franchise agreement; and (d) you or your affiliate did not
remove or extract from the Multi-Brand location a Baskin-Robbins® restaurant during the period
beginning on January 1, 2025 and ending on March 31, 2026 (for reasons other than expiration of the
Baskin-Robbins franchise agreement), then you will receive $25,000 after the opening of the Jimmy
John’s restaurant. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed above, the Retrofit Multi-Brand
Incentive program will not apply. The Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive will be addressed in the Jimmy
John’s Incentive Amendment.
ITEM 8:
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

In order to ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout the Dunkin’
network, you must maintain and comply with our Standards, as we periodically modify them. Our Standards
may regulate various aspects of the System and the development and operation of Dunkin’ Restaurants,
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

47

