When determining whether a site meets our requirements, we consider the location, occupancy costs, proximity
to major retail activity, traffic volume and speed, density of nearby population (resident or daytime),
competition and potential for encroachment on other Restaurants of the same brand, site configuration, parking,
accessibility, visibility, signage permitted by the landlord and local governmental authorities, and other factors.
We generally issue a notice to proceed between 60 and 90 days after receiving the required information related
to the proposed site. If we disapprove of a site, you must submit alternative proposed site locations for the
Restaurant, including a complete site report, in time to open the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening
Date identified in the Store Development Agreement. After receiving our notice to proceed, but in any event
before beginning construction for the Restaurant, and provided that you (and your Controlled Affiliate) satisfy
our then current Criteria to Expand, then you (or your Controlled Affiliate) must sign our then-current version
of franchise agreement and related documents.
You must submit to us the proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with the acquisition,
development and construction costs, and such other information as we reasonably request, so that we can
evaluate the proposal. You (or your Controlled Affiliate) must secure the real estate for each Restaurant,
through an approved purchase agreement or binding lease, in time for you (or your Controlled Affiliate) to
open and begin operating the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date for that Restaurant. We or
our affiliates may own the Premises and lease or sublease the Premises to you. If you lease the Premises from
a third-party landlord, you and the landlord must sign our then-current form of Option to Assume the lease.
Each purchase agreement or lease must meet our then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us,
our affiliates, and our System. If you do not sign a Franchise Agreement and/or open the Restaurant on or
before the Required Opening Date identified in the Store Development Agreement, we may terminate your
Store Development Agreement.
Franchise Agreement. If you develop your Restaurant under a Franchise Agreement without first signing a
Store Development Agreement, it is solely your responsibility to search for and propose to us a site on which
to develop the Restaurant, and you must deliver to us for our review a complete site report and other materials
and information we request for a suitable site in time to open the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening
Date identified in the Franchise Agreement. You may only develop a Restaurant at a site that we have accepted.
When determining whether a site meets our requirements, we consider the location, occupancy costs, proximity
to major retail activity, traffic volume and speed, density of nearby population (resident or daytime),
competition and potential for encroachment on other Restaurants of the same brand, site configuration, parking,
accessibility, visibility, signage permitted by the landlord and local governmental authorities, and other factors.
We generally issue a notice to proceed between 60 and 90 days after receiving the required information related
to the proposed site. If we disapprove of a site, you must submit alternative proposed site locations for the
Restaurant, including a complete site report, in time to open the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening
Date identified in the Franchise Agreement.
If you have not already done so before signing the Franchise Agreement, you must submit to us the proposed
purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with the acquisition, development and construction costs,
and such other information as we reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. Each purchase
agreement or lease must meet our then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us, our affiliates,
and our System. If you will lease the Premises from an unaffiliated landlord, the landlord must agree to our
then-current form of Option to Assume (Exhibit F).
Construction and Opening the Restaurant
The typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and commencing operations of
your Restaurant is between 8 to 15 months. You may not begin construction of your Restaurant until we have
approved the site and you have signed a Franchise Agreement. The Restaurant and Premises must be designed,
laid out, constructed, furnished, and equipped to meet our Standards and specifications, and you must satisfy
any conditions we specify to obtain our approval of the development of the Restaurant and Premises. You must
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

54

