including the location, physical characteristics and quality of operating systems and other aspects of
restaurants; the products sold and services provided; the qualifications of suppliers; the qualifications,
organization and training of franchisees and their personnel; the timely marketing of products and our brand,
including execution of marketing windows; and all other things that we periodically specify affecting the
experience of consumers who patronize Dunkin’ Restaurants. We make the Standards available to you in our
Manuals and in other forms of communication, which we may update from time to time.
You must purchase or lease all equipment, fixtures, furnishings, fixtures, and signage for the Restaurant (the
“Operating Assets”), the retail information system and related equipment and programs (including the
electronic point-of-sale cash register system (“POS System”) that we approve), inventory, supplies, materials,
and other products and services for the Restaurant only according to the Standards and, if we require, only
from suppliers and/or distributors that we designate or approve from time to time (which may include or be
limited to us or our affiliates). Currently you must acquire products for your Restaurant through NDCP
(described below). From time to time, we may enter into or require national or regional exclusive supply
arrangements with one or more independent suppliers for certain approved products, subject to any thenexisting arrangements with NDCP. In evaluating the need for an exclusive supplier, we may take into account,
among other things, the uniqueness of the product; the projected price and required volume of the product; the
investment required and the ability of the supplier to meet the required quality and quantity of the product; the
availability of qualified, alternative suppliers; the duration of the exclusivity; and the desirability of
competitive bidding. You must use and participate in The Center, our online learning platform, for initial and
on-going training obligations, and you must pay us the initial and on-going fees to access and participate in
The Center, as described in Item 5 and Item 6 above. Additionally, you must sign contracts with approved
suppliers and participate in our then-current gift card program operated by or through our approved suppliers
(that may include us or our affiliates), currently attached here as Exhibit K.
Every supplier must demonstrate to our satisfaction that it can meet all of our specifications, standards, and
requirements and has adequate capacity to supply our franchisees’ quantity and delivery needs, which may
mean, among other things, the ability to supply all franchisees in the System. We provide our relevant standards
and specifications to approved suppliers and is not available to you. A list of approved suppliers is available
in the Manuals.
If you wish to use a supplier we have not previously approved, you may request approval by submitting the
request to us in writing. Our criteria for approving alternative suppliers is not available to you or your proposed
supplier. We may require that samples from the supplier be delivered to us or to a designated independent
testing laboratory for testing prior to approval and use. You must reimburse us for the costs we incur to test
the samples from the suppliers, and we expect that the cost of testing will range from $1,000 to $10,000
depending on the complexity of the products or services. All requests will be reviewed in accordance with our
then-current policies and procedures, and we will take into consideration our available resources, which may
affect the timing of our response. The supplier must meet our then-current specifications, standards, and
requirements, which may include signing a non-disclosure agreement and a guarantee of performance. We may
change our specifications, standards, and requirements from time to time, and there is no limit on our right to
change our specifications, standards and requirements. We will notify you and the supplier within 180 days of
your initial request. If you do not receive a response from us within 180 days from your initial request, your
request will be deemed disapproved. We may withdraw our approval of any supplier at any time if the supplier's
performance does not meet our specifications, standards, and requirements.
We may limit the number of suppliers that we may consider for approval and for certain products, and we may
in the future designate ourselves, any of our affiliates, or any third-parties as an exclusive supplier for one or
more products or services.
Currently, we have exclusive supplier arrangements for purchasing and distribution services, fountain and
packaged beverage products, and certain restaurant technology. Additionally, in certain markets we have
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

48

