Each of the affiliates listed in the table below provide products or services to Dunkin’ franchisees. Unless
otherwise specified below, each affiliate is a Delaware limited liability company, has the same principal
business address as us, and have not granted franchises in any line of business:
Affiliate

Products or Services Provided to Dunkin’ Franchisees

DB Real Estate Assets I LLC
(formed March 2006)

Leases or subleases real estate to Dunkin’ franchisees.

DB Real Estate Assets II LLC
(formed March 2006)

Leases or subleases real estate to Dunkin’ franchisees.

SVC Service II Inc. (Tennessee
corporation formed March 2020)

Collects and manages stored value card funds.

DBLF LLC (formed June 2020)

Collects and reconciles loyalty purchases and redemptions.

Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs
Another of our parent companies is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire Brands”), whose principal business address
is the same as our address. Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs. Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand
restaurant company, launched upon completion of the merger between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a
parent of the Buffalo Wild Wings brand in February 2018. Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed below are our
affiliates who own and administer the network of franchised and company-owned restaurants operating under
the Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, Buffalo Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy John’s, Sonic, Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins
brands. Unless otherwise stated, all Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries share our principal business address. Except
as described below, none of Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries have ever operated or offered franchises for Dunkin’
Restaurants or offered franchises in any other line of business.
Arby’s Franchisor, LLC (“Arby’s Franchisor”) is the franchisor of Arby’s restaurants in the United
States and certain countries internationally. Arby’s Restaurants offer a variety of high-quality proteins
and sides, including slow-roasted, freshly-sliced roast beef, curly fries and shakes. Arby’s Franchisor
has offered franchises for Arby’s restaurants since December 2015, but its predecessors have been
franchising Arby’s restaurants since 1965. Predecessors and former affiliates of Arby’s Franchisor
have, in the past, offered franchises for other restaurant concepts including T.J. Cinnamon’s® stores
that served gourmet baked goods. All of the T.J. Cinnamon’s locations have closed. As of December
29, 2024, there were 3,365 Arby’s restaurants operating in the United States (2,286 franchised,
including 1 franchised Arby’s restaurant operating at a Multi-Brand Location, and 1,079 companyowned).
Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc. (“BWWI”) is a franchisor of sports entertainment-oriented
casual sports bars that feature chicken wings, sandwiches, and other products, alcoholic and other
beverages, and related services under the Buffalo Wild Wings name (“Buffalo Wild Wings Sports
Bars”) and restaurants that feature chicken wings and other food and beverage products primarily for
off-premises consumption under the Buffalo Wild Wings GO name (“BWW-GO Restaurants”).
BWWI has offered franchises for Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars since April 1991 and for BWWGO Restaurants since December 2020. As of December 29, 2024, there were 1,183 Buffalo Wild
Wings Sports Bars operating in the United States (538 franchised and 645 company-owned). As of
December 29, 2024, there were 140 BWW-GO Restaurants operating in the United States (90
franchised and 50 company-owned).

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

4

