The “Go West Territory” currently includes Miami-Dade County, FL and the following DMAs:
Birmingham, AL; Mobile-Pensacola, AL; Ft. Smith, AR; Jonesboro, AR; Little Rock, AR; Phoenix,
AZ; Colorado Springs, CO; Denver, CO; Grand Junction, CO; Honolulu, HI; Davenport, IA;
Ottumwa, IA; Sioux City, IA; Topeka, KS; Wichita, KS; Alexandria, LA; Baton Rouge, LA;
Lafayette, LA; Lake Charles, LA; Monroe, LA ; New Orleans, LA ; Shreveport, LA; Traverse City,
MI; Minneapolis, MN; Rochester, MN; Columbia-Jefferson City, MO; Joplin-Pittsburg, MO;
Kansas City, MO; St. Louis, MO; Biloxi, MS; Columbus, MS; Greenwood, MS; Hattiesburg, MS;
Jackson, MS; Meridian, MS; Lincoln, NE; Omaha, NE; Albuquerque, NM ; Reno, NV; Memphis,
TN ; Abilene, TX; Amarillo, TX; Beaumont, TX; Corpus Christi, TX; Lubbock, TX; Odessa, TX;
San Angelo, TX; Sherman, TX; Victoria, TX; Wichita-Hutchinson, TX; Salt Lake City, UT.
General Terms of the Select Developing Markets and Go West Incentive Programs. Under the SDM
and Go West Incentive programs, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements for a
Restaurant and meet the other conditions described above, then you will pay the reduced CFF for
that Restaurant.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights and
remedies (including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Store Development
Agreement), the SDM and Go West Incentive programs will not apply to the Restaurant(s). The
SDM and Go West Incentive programs do not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise
Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant from an
SDO location, as a relocation of an existing or closed Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition
of an existing Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.
Early Opening Incentive: The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize franchisees to
develop and commence operations of their Dunkin’ Restaurants before the required opening date
identified in their Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Store Development Agreement).
Under the Early Opening Incentive, if you open the Restaurant before the required opening date
identified in the Franchise Agreement (or, if applicable, the Store Development Agreement), submit
all development costs to us in the form we require within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, build
the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, and otherwise are
in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Store Development
Agreement), then we will charge you a CFF equal to 0% of Gross Sales from the date you open and
commence operations of the Restaurant until the required opening date identified in the Franchise
Agreement (and, if applicable, the Store Development Agreement), up to 12 months, then the
applicable incentive rate will apply (if any). You may combine the Early Opening Incentive with the
Brewed for Growth incentive, Select Development Markets incentive and Go West Incentive
programs.
VetFran Program: The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for honorably
discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran or returning service
member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a Store Development
Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement to
develop one Dunkin’ Restaurant or a Store Development Agreement to develop one or more Dunkin’
Restaurants. Under the VetFran Program, if you open the Restaurant in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, the Store
Development Agreement), submit all development costs to us in the form we require within 120
days of opening the Restaurant, and build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at
the location we approve, then we will provide you a CFF credit equal to $10,000 for each Restaurant
you develop and open in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable,
the Store Development Agreement), up to $100,000. Within 30 days from the opening date of the
Restaurant, any applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be applied to
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

36

