DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Wholesale revenues
The Company distributes Baskin-Robbins ice cream products to franchisees and licensees in certain international locations.
Revenue from the sale of ice cream products, including distribution fees, is recognized when title and risk of loss transfers to
the buyer, which is generally upon delivery. Payment for ice cream and other products is generally due within three months
after delivery.
Other revenues
Other revenues include gains, net of losses and transactions costs, from the sales of restaurants to new or existing
franchisees, as well as revenues generated from online training programs for franchisees, both of which are recognized over
the term of the related agreements.
Income Taxes
Master Issuer Parent and each of its subsidiaries are limited liability companies, which are single member entities that are
treated as disregarded entities for U.S. income tax purposes and included as part of DBI in the consolidated federal income
tax return of Inspire. The Company has not entered into a tax-sharing agreement with Inspire nor does its limited liability
company agreement provide for tax distributions. All cash is collected in or transferred to an account held in the name of
Master Issuer regardless of the Company’s or its affiliates’ tax position. No specific dividends are required for tax payments.
As a result, the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income do not include a provision for
income taxes for the disregarded entities that are included as a part of their single member, DBI, in the applicable
consolidated federal income tax return. The Company incurs foreign tax expense attributable to foreign withholding taxes,
which is recorded as provision for income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income.
Leases
The Company evaluates the contracts it enters into to determine whether such contracts contain leases. A contract contains a
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange
for consideration. Our contracts do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. At
commencement, contracts containing a lease are further evaluated for classification as an operating or finance lease where
the Company is a lessee, or as an operating, sales-type or direct financing lease where the Company is a lessor or sublessor,
based on their terms.
Management makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding each new lease and sublease agreement, renewal and
amendment, including, but not limited to, property values, market rents, property lives, discount rates and probable term, all
of which can impact the classification of and accounting for the Company's leases. The amount of depreciation and
amortization, interest and rent expense and income reported would vary if different estimates and assumptions were used.
The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. The Company elected the practical expedient to
not separate non-lease components from lease components for all classes of underlying assets.
Operating Leases
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized upon lease commencement. The Company recognizes operating lease
liabilities equal to the future unpaid lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases having an initial lease term in excess
of one year, discounted by Inspire’s incremental borrowing rate ("IBR"). Inspire's IBR is used because the rates implicit in
most of the Company's leases are not readily determinable. The IBR selected is based on Inspire's credit rating and
respective lease term.
Minimum lease payments or receipts, including minimum scheduled rent increases, are recognized as rent expense where
the Company is a lessee, or income where the Company is a lessor, as applicable, on a straight-line basis over the applicable
lease terms. There is a period under certain lease agreements referred to as a rent holiday that begins on the possession date
and ends on the rent commencement date. During a rent holiday, no cash rent payments are typically due under the terms of
the lease; however, expense is recorded for that period on a straight-line basis.

-11-

