(3)
In lieu of the Transfer Fee above, we will only charge the applicable, thencurrent Fixed Documentation Fee published by us from time to time for (a) a transfer of a
Non-Controlling Ownership Interest; (b) any transaction in which the direct or indirect
ownership interests in you are transferred to the spouse(s) or children of any of the
individuals who are Owners as of the Effective Date; (c) if an Owner who dies or
becomes mentally incapacitated transfers all of their direct or indirect ownership
interests in you to beneficiaries or heirs.
13.F Transfer on Death. Within twelve (12) months after the death of you or any of your
Owners and notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, the deceased’s legal representative
must propose to us in writing to transfer the interest of the deceased in this Agreement or in you
to one or more transferees. Any such transfer must occur within eighteen (18) months after such
individual’s death, and is subject to our prior written consent, which we will not unreasonably
withhold, in accordance with this Section 13.
13.G Right of First Refusal. If you or any of its Owners at any time determines to engage in
any Control Transfer, then we will have a right of first refusal to be the purchaser of that interest
under the same terms and conditions contained in the purchase and sale document (but subject
to our rights under this Agreement and the Standards). Only Dunkin’ or Baskin-Robbins will
exercise the right of first refusal under this Section 13.G, and the franchisor that has the right of
first refusal will be the brand that generated the most sales at the Restaurant during the twelve
(12) months preceding receipt of the offer. You must comply with our Standards and
requirements pertaining to our right of first refusal, including by providing us with a fullyexecuted copy of any offer or purchase and sale document (including any referenced
documents) for the sale. We will have sixty (60) days following our receipt of the fully-executed
purchase and sale documents (including any referenced documents) and other materials
concerning the proposed transferee(s) and the transfer that we request, to notify you whether
we are exercising our right of first refusal. Upon our exercise, we (or our assignee) will have the
benefit of all of the rights and time periods that the original proposed transferee(s) had as of the
date that they executed the purchase and sale documents, including any applicable diligence
periods (although our diligence period need not be more than thirty (30) days after we deliver
our exercise our right of first refusal) and periods before closing. We may at our option assign
our right of first refusal under this Section 13.G, without recourse, to any assignee, who will then
have all of our rights under this Section 13.G to purchase the interest directly from you (or your
Owner), and we shall have no further liability or obligation in connection with this Section 13.G
with respect to that transfer. If you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer (with our
approval) within ninety (90) days after we notify you that we do not intend to exercise our right of
first refusal, or if there is a material change adverse to you in the terms of the offer (which you
must tell us promptly), then we will have an additional right of first refusal during the sixty (60)day period following either the expiration of the ninety (90)-day period or our receipt of notice of
the material change in the offer’s terms, on the modified terms.
SECTION 14. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION
14.A Termination by Us. We may, at our option, terminate this Agreement, effective upon
delivery of written notice of termination to you, if:
(1)
you lose the use or enjoyment of or the right to occupy the Premises, or
the lease for the Premises is terminated, before the Term expires;
20
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

