If you are offered and you sign a Store Development Agreement with one or more conditional options to
extend, you will need to execute an Addendum to the Store Development Agreement and meet all conditions
outlined in that Addendum to exercise those options. We do not anticipate making this option to extend
available to anyone who is developing more than 3 Restaurants and it will not necessarily be available for all
Store Development Agreement of 3 Restaurants or less. We may modify or cancel this program at any time.
If we approve your addition of a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant to your Restaurant, you will be required to pay to
our affiliate, Baskin-Robbins, an additional IFF, and you will need to execute a Combo Franchise Agreement.
If we grant you the right to develop multiple Combo Restaurants, then you will execute a Combo Store
Development Agreement. (See Item 5.)
In addition, if there are Restaurants operated by other Dunkin’ franchisees in the Store Development Area,
then we reserve the right to approve the relocation of each of those Restaurants within its already-existing trade
area.
For each Restaurant you develop under the Store Development Agreement, you will sign a Franchise
Agreement. Under the Franchise Agreement, you will be granted the right to operate one Restaurant at a
specific location that is specified in the Franchise Agreement or its exhibits, and only at that location. You will
not be granted any additional rights, any minimum territory, or other protected rights.
Unless your Store Development Agreement provides for additional development, you do not have a right to
develop and open additional Restaurants. You also will not have any options or similar rights to acquire
additional Restaurants. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution, from products we license, or
competitive brands that we control.
Affiliated Franchised Brands
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or franchise, any
business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that our franchisees
sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1 and other portfolio
companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private equity funds managed by Roark Capital
Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that
our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal
business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or companyowned, and their trademarks. All of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices and training
facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our franchise network. Most of
the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network given the products or services they
sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees
operate may solicit and accept orders from customers near your business. Because they are separate companies,
we do not expect any conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory,
customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.]

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

68

