Type of fee
Fixed Documentation
Fee
SDA Transfer Fee
(majority interest)
Enforcement Expenses

Amount
Currently, $2,000 per
transferee
$10,000

Due date
Upon transfer

Varies

Upon demand

Immigration Status
Review Costs

Our out-of-pocket costs to
hire attorneys or others

Upon demand

Reimbursement of
costs incurred to test
samples from
additional supplier(s)
Lease Costs

Varies, typically between
$1,000 to $10,000

Upon request

Varies

Payable as described in
the lease.

Remarks
(Note 7)

Upon transfer
You must pay us all costs and
expenses we incur in successfully
enforcing any provisions of the
Franchise Agreement and Store
Development Agreement.
You must pay us all costs and
expenses we incur if outside
advice is required to determine
your immigration status.
You must pay us all costs and
expenses we incur to test samples
from suppliers you request to that
is not yet approved by us.
(Note 8)

Notes:
Note 1.

General Terms. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are imposed by, paid to, and collected by us and
are non-refundable. Except as specified below, all fees are uniformly applied to franchisees,
however, we may waive or reduce some or all these fees for a particular franchisee in instances
where we, in our sole discretion, decide it is appropriate to do so.
“Gross Sales” means all revenue related to the sale of approved products and provision of services
(including but not limited to direct delivery, catering and/or delivery services through third parties)
through the operation of the Restaurant, but does not include money received for the sale of stored
value cards and deposited into a central account maintained for the benefit of the System; taxes
collected from guests on behalf of a governmental body; or the sale of approved products to another
entity franchised or licensed by us for subsequent resale.
You agree to participate in our program or procedure that we periodically specify for Gross Sales
reporting and payment of fees that are due, whether it is electronic fund transfer or some successor
program, in accordance with our Standards. You agree to assume the costs associated with
maintaining your capability to report Gross Sales and transfer funds to us. In no event will you be
required to pay any sums before the date they are due, as described above.
If any tax or other fee (other than federal or state income tax based on our income) is imposed on us
by any governmental agency due to our receipt of fees or other amounts that you pay to us under
this Agreement, then you agree to pay us the amount of such tax or other fee as an additional
Continuing Franchise Fee.

Note 2.

Continuing Franchise Fee. Unless you qualify for an incentive, the CFF for new Restaurants is
5.9% of Gross Sales.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

33

