technology and operational systems as necessary to bring the Restaurant up to the then-current
Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands’ image and Standards.
SECTION 9. PROPRIETARY MARKS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INNOVATIONS
9.A
Ownership of Proprietary Marks. Your right to use the Proprietary Marks is derived only
from this Agreement and is limited to operating the Restaurant according to this Agreement and
all Standards we implement during the Term. You may not sublicense the Proprietary Marks.
Your unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks is a breach of this Agreement and infringes our
and our licensor’s rights in the Proprietary Marks. Your use of the Proprietary Marks and any
goodwill established by that use are for our and our licensor’s exclusive benefit, and this
Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Proprietary Marks upon you
(other than the right to operate the Restaurant under this Agreement). All provisions of this
Agreement relating to the Proprietary Marks apply to any additional and substitute trademarks
and service marks that we periodically authorize you to use. Neither you nor your Owners may
directly or indirectly at any time during or after the Term contest or assist others in contesting
the validity, or our licensor’s ownership, of the Proprietary Marks or register, apply to register, or
otherwise seek to use or in any way control any Proprietary Mark or any confusingly similar form
or variation of any Proprietary Mark.
9.B
Use of Proprietary Marks. You agree to use only the Proprietary Marks we periodically
designate and in the manner that we periodically approve. You may not use the Proprietary
Marks to advertise or sell products or services through the mail or by any electronic or other
medium, including the Internet, without our prior written approval. Our right to approve any
Internet usage of our Proprietary Marks includes approval of the domain names and Internet
addresses, website materials and content, social media, and all links to other sites. We have the
sole right to establish an Internet “home page” or other website using any of the Proprietary
Marks, and to regulate the establishment and use of linked home pages by our franchisees. You
agree not to use the Proprietary Marks or the names “Dunkin’ Donuts”, “Dunkin’”, “DD”, “Dunk,”
“Baskin-Robbins,” “Baskin,” “31 Flavors,” or anything confusingly similar as part of your
corporate or other legal name, or as part of any e-mail address, domain name, social media
accounts, or other identification of you or your business, in any medium. In all approved uses of
the Proprietary Marks on your business forms such as your letterhead, invoices, order forms,
receipts, and contracts, you must identify yourself as our franchisee and your business as
independently owned and operated in the manner that we periodically specify. You must modify
or discontinue using any Proprietary Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute
trademarks or service marks as we periodically specify.
9.C
Notification of Infringements and Control of Proceedings. You agree to notify us promptly
if you become aware of any actual or apparent infringement or litigation relating to the
Proprietary Marks. We or our licensor may take the action that we or it deems appropriate
(including no action) and control exclusively any litigation or other proceeding arising from any
infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark. You agree to
reasonably cooperate with us (at our expense) with respect to actions that, in the opinion of our
or our licensor’s attorneys, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our and our
licensor’s interests in any litigation or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our
and our licensor’s interests in the Proprietary Marks. At our option, we or our licensor may
defend and control the defense of any claims disputing your use of, or challenging the validity
of, or our (or our licensor’s) rights in any Proprietary Mark.
12
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

