8-14 days before the scheduled class, and $2,000 per person if you cancel 7 days or fewer before the
scheduled class.
11.

Additional Funds for First 3 Months of Operation: You may or may not need working capital to support
ongoing expenses that are not covered by sales revenue. New businesses may generate negative cash
flow. These figures are estimates and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses
in the first 3 months of operation. Your costs will depend on factors such as how well you follow our
methods and procedures, the sales volume of your restaurant, your management skill, experience, and
business acumen, local economic conditions, the local market for our product, the prevailing wage
rate, competition, your rent structure, and your restaurant site type.

12.

Other Costs and Variables: Your initial investment for a new Restaurant depends primarily upon: (1)
the number of Restaurants you acquire and/or develop; (2) their size; (3) their configuration; (4) their
location; (5) who develops the real estate for and/or constructs them; and (6) the amount and terms of
financing. The initial funds required must be estimated since most costs are not within our control and
may change at frequent intervals. These figures are estimates only and we cannot and do not guarantee
that your costs will fall within the stated ranges. These estimated ranges are based on our experience
and information provided by franchisees. Costs are constantly changing, and your costs may be higher.
You should diligently investigate all potential costs before proceeding.
The typical freestanding Restaurant has eating areas seating from 10 to 40 customers. Larger
Restaurants have walk-in refrigeration/freezer unit included in the gross square footage. Some projects
may allow the walk-in refrigeration/freezer unit to be located outside of the building structure.
Restaurants may only be serviced by authorized manufacturing facilities.
To ensure that an adequate supply of acceptable product is available for sale at the Restaurant, products
must be transported in a suitable vehicle and in suitable containers on a schedule and in a manner
acceptable to us in compliance with federal, state, and local regulations, as well as our quality,
freshness, and other standards. You will be required to purchase a delivery vehicle which meets certain
standards. The estimated total does not include the cost of a delivery vehicle. Usually only one delivery
vehicle is needed for each network of Restaurants. Additional vehicle(s) may be required, depending
upon the size and design of the vehicle, the number, time, and number of deliveries, the distance
between deliveries, and other factors.
Restaurants may vary from one another in many respects. For example, Restaurants in urban trade
areas may be multi-level with kitchen, storage, sales, and seating areas on 2 or more levels, or have
limited or no seating. Kitchen, storage, and sales areas may be smaller than Restaurants in other areas.
Specially designed equipment may be necessary. Urban Restaurants may have no dedicated parking,
require elevators, specially designed doorways, have limited access and require greater security
measures. This may require special arrangements for deliveries of raw materials, products, and
supplies to and from the Restaurant. Trash may require special handling, such as daily pickup. On
average, urban Restaurants sell more individual products than, for example, dozens or half dozen
donuts, which may increase the unit cost of products sold. Labor costs may be higher in urban
Restaurants due to a wide variety of factors, including Restaurant configuration, competition for
available workers, minimum wage requirements and other factors. We encourage you to talk to
franchisees who operate Restaurants in similar trade areas to gain a better understanding of how your
trade area may vary.

13.

Combo Restaurants: The costs to develop a Combo Restaurant are similar to the costs to build a
Baskin-Robbins Restaurant; however, Combo Restaurants will have an additional equipment
requirement. You will find build costs for the Baskin-Robbins portion of the Combo Restaurant in the

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

46

