Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program, we will
provide you with an additional Continuing Franchise Fee credit
equal to $50,000 for that first Restaurant (the “One-Time Opening
Incentive Credit”).
(4)

If you open the Restaurant during the 2026 or 2027 calendar year,
we will provide you with a Continuing Franchise Fee credit equal to
$300,000 for such Restaurant (the “2026–2027 Opening Incentive
Credit”).

(5)

Within thirty (30) days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any
applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you
to be applied to Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the
Term (without interest).

2.
Additional Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the Brewed
for Growth, Select Developing Markets, Go West Incentive program, or Pacific Northwest
Incentive program set forth above, and you open and begin operating the Restaurant in accordance
with the Franchise Agreement before the Opening Deadline, then the Continuing Franchise Fee
will be zero percent (0%) of Gross Sales from the date you open the Restaurant until the Opening
Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12) months), and then the applicable Continuing Franchise Fee
rate shall apply. If you open the Restaurant on or after the Opening Deadline, the Early Opening
Incentive described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.
3.
VetFran Program. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee or its
owner(s) qualify for the VetFran Incentive, and this Franchise Agreement is signed in connection
with the development and operation of the franchisee’s first through tenth restaurant/Franchise
Agreement.] If (a) are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or
had an affiliate that signed, a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who
qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement to develop one Dunkin’ Restaurant, (b) you and your
affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement
between us and you or your affiliates, including (if applicable) the Store Development Agreement,
(c) you open and begin operating the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement on
or before the Required Opening Date identified in Section D of the Contract Data Schedule, (d)
you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably specify,
identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories relating to the development and
opening of the Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for business, and (e) you
build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by, then we
agree to, in addition to the above provisions, we agree to credit an amount equal to $10,000 towards
the Continuing Franchise Fee owed under the Franchise Agreement. Within thirty (30) days from
the opening date of the Restaurant, any applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be
credited to you to be applied to Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without
interest). If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (e) above, the VetFran
incentive program described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.
4.
Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this
reference. This Amendment is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the Franchise Agreement. If
6
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD, Ex. C-4
Incentives Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1624843037.2

