FORM OF LOYALTY PROGRAM PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
Introduction
Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., DBLF LLC, Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC and Baskin-Robbins
Franchising LLC (collectively “Dunkin’ Brands”) have developed a consumer loyalty program
where members earn points for purchases and can redeem points for rewards at Dunkin’
restaurants. As part of the program, franchisees shall pay a portion of Loyalty Program Sales into
a fund administered by Dunkin’ Brands (the “Loyalty Fund”) and shall receive reimbursement for
redeemed rewards (the “Loyalty Program”) from the Loyalty Fund. All Dunkin’ Restaurants in
the United States are required to participate in the Loyalty Program, except for locations that do
not have compatible technology (as defined by Dunkin’ Brands). The Loyalty Program is
anticipated to change over time and participating Dunkin’ restaurants are required to adhere to the
changes to the Loyalty Program. Material changes to the Loyalty Program shall be reviewed
(and/or approved, as applicable) in advance by the Brand Advisory Council.
The words “we”, “us” and “our” mean Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC,
Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC and DBLF LLC, individually and collectively. In this
Agreement, the words “you” and “your” mean the franchisee (and, where the context relates to the
use of Loyalty Program services and Loyalty Program obligations, others the franchisee selects to
use the Loyalty Program services, such as the franchisee’s employees, accountant, financial
advisor, or any other person or agent logging on for the franchisee).
Web Enroll System: With the use of a password and a user-id, our Web Enroll System (“Web
Enroll”) allows you to enroll in the Loyalty Program electronically. To enroll in the Loyalty
Program, you must accept the Terms and Conditions set out below. This Loyalty Program
Participation Agreement (the “Agreement”) establishes the Terms and Conditions of your
participation in the Loyalty Program. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, do not
log-on to Web Enroll. By clicking “I Accept” at the bottom of this Agreement, you accept and
agree to be bound by all the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.
The Terms and Conditions set forth in this Agreement are intended to be in alignment with the
Memorandum of Understanding entered into on March 31, 2022 with respect to the Loyalty
Program, between Dunkin’ Brands and the Brand Advisory Council (the “MOU”).
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1) Adherence to the Loyalty Program and Payment Terms
You agree to comply with all the requirements of the Loyalty Program as the same may exist from
time to time. These requirements include your obligation to support and participate in the Loyalty
Program, and to maintain sufficient funds in your account to enable the successful transfer of funds
on a weekly basis, follow required procedures for settlement of funds, and such other matters as
are set forth below and as we may from time to time determine.
2) Loyalty Program Contribution and Redemption Reimbursement
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. J
Loyalty Program Participation Agreement
1616203418.2

