considering a proposed new location. Among other requirements to be approved for a relocation, you must be
current with all your obligations to us and our affiliates, and you may be required to sign our then-current form
of Franchise Agreement (which may be materially different than your original form of Franchise Agreement),
and you may be required to pay all required fees to us and our affiliates.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant and one or more Other
Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor(s) may grant you territorial exclusivity which will be
described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other Franchise Agreement.
The Store Development Agreement
If we grant you the right to open more than one Dunkin’ Restaurant, you must sign a Store Development
Agreement. Under the Store Development Agreement, you will be granted the right to develop 2 or more
Dunkin’ Restaurants within the Store Development Area. So long as you are fully complying with the terms
of the Store Development Agreement, and you and your affiliates are fully complying with all other agreements
between us and our affiliates, then during the term of the Store Development Agreement we will not operate,
or authorize any other party to operate, another Dunkin’ Restaurant within the Store Development Area, except
(i) we may grant franchises to you and your Controlled Affiliates within the Store Development Area; (ii) for
any Dunkin’ Restaurants already located or under development within the Store Development Area that we
identify on an exhibit to the Store Development Agreement, and (iii) for certain SDO opportunities in the Store
Development Area. You will sign the first Franchise Agreement once we have approved the site for your first
Restaurant.
Our rights are intended to maximize potential distribution of Dunkin’ products within the Store Development
Area. Typically, Store Development Areas are relatively limited in size and scope. The Store Development
Area’s size and development requirements may reflect other factors, including the Store Development
Agreement’s term, the number of Restaurants to be developed, length of time to develop Restaurants in the
area, retail shopping facilities, major employment centers, transportation centers (train stations, bus terminals,
etc.), key traffic intersections, interstate highway ramps, and population.
As part of your review of a particular trade area or territory, we may (but are not required to) provide you with
certain information such as: (a) maps indicating existing Restaurants and/or competitor locations and may
highlight potential areas of interest to us; and (b) demographic reports (including population and median
household income) generated by third parties. It is important you validate the information we provide to you.
We do not draw any inferences regarding Restaurant performance from the map or demographic information
we share with you, and you may not draw any inferences from them either. We also do not represent or
guarantee that the existence of a certain level of demographics, maps or trade area characteristics will translate
to a certain level of financial performance, and you may not draw any such inferences based upon any of the
information we provide to you. The information is not provided for that purpose.
If you sign a Store Development Agreement, you will be responsible for developing at least the minimum
number of Restaurants set forth in the Store Development Agreement. We determine the size of the Store
Development Area, the number of Restaurants, the duration of the Store Development Agreement and the
development schedule across the Store Development Agreement. Each proposed location must be submitted
to us for our review, must meet our design standards, and may be developed only if we provide our prior
written approval. If you do not continue to meet our then-current guidelines for multi-restaurant development
and ownership, then our approval of your development or opening of scheduled Restaurants may be withheld.
You will be granted limited territorial protected rights during the term of the Store Development Agreement.
You must open and continuously operate Dunkin Restaurants in the Store Development Area according to the
Development Schedule to maintain your rights under the Store Development Agreement. If you do not comply
with the Development Schedule or the other provisions of the Store Development Agreement or any Franchise
Agreement, then, among other things, we may terminate the Store Development Agreement.
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

67

