DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Dunkin' Brands, Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries, “DBI,” or the “Company”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dunkin'
Brands Holdings, Inc., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc., which is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Dunkin' Holding Company ("DHC" or "Parent"). DHC is a subsidiary of IRB Holding Corp. (“IRB”) whose
ultimate parent is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire”). DBI, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is one of the world’s
leading franchisors of restaurants serving coffee and baked goods, as well as ice cream, within the quick service restaurant
segment of the restaurant industry. The Company franchises and licenses a system of both traditional and nontraditional
quick service restaurants. Through its Dunkin’ brand, the Company franchises restaurants featuring coffee, espresso, donuts,
bagels, breakfast sandwiches, and related products. Additionally, the Company licenses Dunkin’ brand products sold in
certain retail outlets such as retail packaged coffee, Dunkin’ K-Cup® pods, and ready-to-drink bottled iced coffee. Through
its Baskin-Robbins brand, the Company franchises restaurants featuring ice cream, frozen beverages, and related products.
Additionally, the Company distributes Baskin-Robbins ice cream products to certain international markets for sale in
Baskin-Robbins restaurants and certain retail outlets.
The systemwide units were as follows:
Unit Count

2024

Franchised
Company-owned
Total System
(a)

2.

2023

2022

21,958

21,513

20,813

34

32

31

21,992

21,545

20,844

Restaurants that include both a Dunkin’ and a Baskin-Robbins restaurant are considered two units.

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DBI and subsidiaries and have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31. For the
years 2023 and prior, the Company's fiscal reporting period ended on the last Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal
reporting periods are referred to herein as (1) “the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024," (2) "the year ended December
30, 2023" or "2023" and (3) "the year ended December 31, 2022" or "2022." The years 2024 and 2023 consisted of 52
weeks and 2022 consisted of 53 weeks.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash
The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 29, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company maintained
balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.
The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.

8

