that you provide or maintain, or which is within your care, custody or control. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, you agree that, in the event that we specify certain requirements or standards relating to the
Program Infrastructure, you shall at all times comply with all such requirements and standards.
You are responsible for administering user names and passwords and implementing user name, password
and technical and physical security procedures to ensure that only permitted users are allowed to access or
use the Program websites or other Program Infrastructure in the course of performing their duties as your
employees. You are responsible for establishing levels of physical and technical security or access rights
based on each of your employees’ job responsibilities or position. You are responsible for adopting and
implementing procedures to change user names, passwords or user codes when your employee’s
employment is terminated. You are responsible for educating your workforce about the appropriate uses
of the Internet and the Program websites and other Program Infrastructure, including, but not limited to,
your employees’ “surfing” inappropriate websites and the necessity of maintaining technical and physical
security of their user name and passwords. c) You agree not to reproduce, sell, or distribute all or any
portion of the information provided or made available to you through the Program.

5) System Support
If you have trouble logging on, if you wish to report a problem with Web Enroll or if you have any reason
to suspect that your User ID or password have been compromised, please contact us immediately at 1
(877) 800-2922. A representative will be available Monday through Friday from 7:00 AM to 7:00 PM,
Eastern Standard Time. The Navigator monitors voicemails on weekends and holidays every 90 minutes
from 7am-7pm Eastern Standard Time. A representative may not available in the event of unexpected
office closures.

6) Settlement of Funds
a) You agree to follow all procedures we specify to facilitate the settlement of Program funds, including
without limitation, the execution of an automated clearing house (ACH) agreement in connection with
Web Enroll, the execution of applicable Merchant Agreement(s) or related agreement(s) with First Data
Services LLC, Bank of America N.A. and/or other applicable payment processing entities approved by us,
and such other documents as we may from time to time require. b) You agree that we may initiate debit
entries, credit entries and other adjustments to a bank account designated by you to facilitate the
settlement of Program funds and you further agree that should any automated clearing house request or
other request to transfer funds from any of your accounts be rejected, we may effect such transfer by
electronic funds transfer or such other means as we may determine without the need of further consent
from you. c) You agree to follow all recommended reconciliation procedures. You are responsible for
comparing the daily terminal reports made available under the Program to each of your location’s own
records, including your bank statements.

7) Transaction Authorizations
Pursuant to the Program agreements with First Data Services, LLC (or its successor), you are solely
responsible for obtaining authorization in advance of each transaction. You assume all risk of erroneous
or fraudulently obtained authorizations, unless such erroneous or fraudulently obtained authorization is
the result of an error caused by First Data Services, LLC or its successor, the third party processors of
credit card, debit card and stored value card transactions and data for the Program. You agree that we
have the right to utilize, at our sole discretion, or require you to utilize one or more fraud detection or
mitigation tools during or in relation to processing of transactions, authorizations, activations, reloads and
registrations. You agree that you shall accept and not contest the approval or declination of any such

Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. K
Electronic Payment Program Participation Agreement
1616203424.2

