certain proprietary information in the operations manuals and system standards, including
recipes, products and specifications; data relating to past advertising, marketing, promotional,
customer relationship management and other brand-related programs and materials used by
Dunkin’ Restaurants and future plans for those programs; knowledge of specifications for and
suppliers of certain proprietary operating assets and other products and services that Dunkin’
Restaurants use or sell; and other trade secrets and proprietary know-how relating to the
methods of developing, operating and marketing Dunkin’ Restaurants.
C.
Restrictive Covenants. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners,
officers, directors or guarantors may:
(1)
have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, perform any services or
other activities for, provide any assistance to, sell any products to, or receive any
financial or other benefit from any business or venture that derives, or is reasonably
expected to derive, more than twenty percent (20%) of its overall revenue from a
combination of coffee and/or baked goods (other than another Dunkin’ Restaurant
operating under a franchise agreement with us) (a “Competitive Business”);
(2)
divert or attempt to divert any Dunkin’ Restaurant business or customer or
prospective customer away from any Dunkin’ Restaurant;
(3)
oppose the issuance of a building permit, zoning variance or other
governmental approval required for the development of another Dunkin’ Restaurant; or
(4)
perform any act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the
Proprietary Marks or any Dunkin’ Restaurant.
The restrictions in this Section 5.C shall not apply to the ownership of (i) less than two
percent (2%) of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional
securities exchange; or (ii) a passive investment interest of less than fifteen percent (15%) in
any real estate development company, provided that such interest does not include any
management control, voting rights, or other direct or indirect control over the policies or
operations of that development company, such as any rights or control with respect to the
tenants, owners or other concepts in any real estate development.
D.
Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained
in this Section 5 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us
and give us the right to obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we
might have. If a court or other tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or
enforceability of this Section 5 determines that, strictly applied, it would be invalid or
unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of activity restrained shall be
deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this Section 5
will be valid and enforceable.
6.

Term, Extension and Renewal.

A.
Term. The term of this Agreement begins on the date of this Agreement and
expires on the date set forth on Exhibit B, unless the term is extended in accordance with
Section 6.B or this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with Section 7.

5
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-1
1616203420.4

