(3)
will adopt and implement all reasonable procedures that we periodically
designate to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, including
restricting its disclosure to Restaurant personnel and others needing to know such
Confidential Information to operate the Restaurant, and using confidentiality agreements
we specify with those having access to Confidential Information.
“Confidential Information” does not include information, knowledge or know-how that is or
becomes generally known in the restaurant industry (without violating an obligation to us or our
affiliate) or that you knew from previous business experience before we provided it to you (directly
or indirectly). If we include any item in Confidential Information, anyone who claims that it is not
Confidential Information must show by reasonable evidence that the exclusion in this paragraph
is fulfilled.
9.F
Innovations. All ideas, concepts, techniques or materials relating to a Dunkin’ Restaurant,
whether or not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your Owners
(including the ideas, concepts, techniques or materials developed for you by your employees or
contractors to which you own the intellectual property rights) (collectively, “Innovations”) must be
promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property, part of the
System, and works made-for-hire for us. To the extent any Innovation does not qualify as a work
made-for-hire for us, by this paragraph you assign ownership of that Innovation, and all related
rights to that Innovation, to us and agree to execute (and to cause your Owners to execute)
whatever assignment or other documents we reasonably request to evidence our ownership or to
help us obtain intellectual property rights in the Innovation. We and our affiliates have no
obligation to make any payments to you or any other person with respect to any Innovations. You
may not use any Innovation in operating the Restaurant or otherwise without our prior approval.
9.G
Franchisee Proprietary Information. We agree to keep confidential any Franchisee
Proprietary Information (defined below), except: (1) in connection with anonymous general
information disseminated to our franchisees, prospective franchisees or other parties; (2) in the
formulation of plans and policies in the interest of the Dunkin’ Restaurant network; or (3) if required
by law or any legal proceeding. “Franchisee Proprietary Information” means information about
your or your Owners’ (and/or your or their affiliates’) ownership, capital structure or financial
results that would by its nature, be considered by a reasonable person to be confidential; provided
that Franchisee Proprietary Information does not include any information that is owned by us (or
our affiliates) or otherwise is part of the definition of Confidential Information.
SECTION 10. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS
10.A Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that as our franchisee, you (and your Owners and
Restaurant personnel) will receive specialized training, including operations training, in the
System that is beyond your present skills and those of your managers and employees. You further
acknowledge that you will receive access to our Confidential Information which will provide a
competitive advantage to you. As a condition of training you, sharing our Confidential Information
with you and granting you a license to operate the Restaurant and use our intellectual property,
we require the following covenants in order to protect our legitimate business interests and the
interests of other franchisees in the Dunkin’ Restaurant network.
10.B Covenants During the Term. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners,
officers, directors or guarantors may:
13
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

