statute, breach of contract, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. Generally, C&B
Respondent alleged that Dunkin’ misrepresented the viability and success of its franchise system in Europe,
made inaccurate representations as to the financial performance C&B Respondent could expect its shops to
achieve, did not provide adequate support to C&B Respondent, and reneged on a promise to forgive or reduce
C&B Respondent’s debts. In addition, C&B Respondent claimed that, despite an unambiguous merger clause
in the MFA, Dunkin’ orally promised that C&B Respondent did not have to pay royalty fees until it became
profitable. C&B Respondent sought damages in excess of $8 million, rescission of the MFA, and an award of
its costs and attorneys’ fees. On November 14, 2018, the parties agreed to settle all their claims without any
admission of liability on Dunkin’s part and the matter is now closed.
Newburyport Donuts, Inc. v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, et al., (Case No. 01-19-0000-7393), American
Arbitration Association, filed on March 11, 2019. Newburyport Donuts, Inc. (“Newberry”) contended that the
defendants rejected their proposal for the development of a new Dunkin’ restaurant due to the impact on the
sales of a nearby existing Dunkin’ restaurant and then subsequently awarded the site to that same owner.
Newberry further alleged that the defendants’ impact process would not have compensated them fairly and,
furthermore, that the defendants unfairly dealt with smaller franchisees with respect to development matters.
Defendants denied the allegations set forth in the complaint. On July 23, 2020, the parties agreed to settle all
of their claims without any admission of liability on defendants’ part and the matter is now closed.
The People of the State of California v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., (Case No. 19STCV09597), California Superior
Court, Los Angeles County, filed on March 19, 2019. On March 14, 2019, Dunkin’ Brands entered into a
settlement agreement with the Attorneys General of thirteen states and jurisdictions concerning the inclusion
of “no-poaching” provisions in Dunkin’ franchise agreements. The settling states and jurisdictions included
California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Vermont, and the District of Columbia. A small number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’
system prohibit Dunkin’ franchisees from hiring the employees of other Dunkin’ franchisees or Dunkin’s own
employees. A larger number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’ system contain a no-poaching provision
that prevents Dunkin’ franchisees and Dunkin’ from hiring each other’s employees. Under the terms of the
settlement, Dunkin’ Brands agreed not to enforce either version of the no-poaching provision or assist Dunkin’s
franchisees in enforcing such a provision. In addition, Dunkin’ Brands agreed to seek the amendment of 128
franchise agreements that contain a no-poaching provision that bars a franchisee from hiring the employees of
another Dunkin’ franchisee. The effect of the amendment would be to remove the no-poaching provision.
Dunkin’ Brands expressly denied in the settlement agreement that it had engaged in any conduct that had
violated state or federal law, and, furthermore, the settlement agreement stated that such agreement should not
be construed as an admission of law, fact, liability, misconduct, or wrongdoing on the part of Dunkin’ Brands.
The Attorney General of the State of California filed the above-reference lawsuit in order to place the
settlement agreement in the public record and the action was closed after the court approved the parties’
stipulation of judgment.
The People of the State of New York v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., (Index No., 451787/2019), New York Supreme
Court, filed on September 26, 2019. The NY State Attorney General (“NYAG”) filed a lawsuit against Dunkin’
Brands related to credential stuffing attacks during 2015 and 2018 on a database that contained information
for DD Perks members and individuals who had registered a Dunkin’ gift card. The NYAG alleged that
Dunkin’ was notified by its firewall vendor that over 19,000 Dunkin’ mobile customer accounts had been
accessed by unauthorized parties over a sample five-day period and the vendor had identified nearly $40,000
associated with those accounts. The NYAG claimed that attacks resulted in unlawful account acquisition by
non-account owners and thus triggered an obligation by Dunkin’ Brands under New York law to notify these
customers. The NYAG also alleged that Dunkin’ Brands failed to adequately investigate the 2015 attacks and
that Dunkin’ Brands’ Customer Service Department misled customers about it. With respect to the 2018
attacks, the NYAG claimed that Dunkin’ Brands’ notification to customers did not adequately disclose that
their accounts had been accessed without authorization. The NYAG also contended that Dunkin’ Brands
misrepresented its data security practices and procedures in its Privacy Policy to consumers. The statutory
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

19

