5.G
Late Fees, Interest and Costs. If you are late in paying all or part of any fee or other
amount due to us or our affiliate, then without limiting our other remedies, you must also pay us
our then-current late fee and interest on the unpaid amount calculated from the date due until
paid at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, or the highest rate allowed by
law, whichever is less. You must also pay all collection charges, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, that we and our affiliates incur to collect fees that are due.
5.H
Gross Sales Reporting and EFT. You agree to participate in our program or procedure
that we periodically specify for Gross Sales reporting and payment of fees that are due, whether
it is electronic fund transfer (“EFT”) or some successor program, in accordance with our
Standards. You agree to assume the costs associated with maintaining your capability to report
Gross Sales and transfer funds to us. In no event will you be required to pay any sums before
the date they are due, as described above.
SECTION 6. ADVERTISING AND MARKETING
6.A
Fund. Dunkin’ has established and administers The Dunkin' Advertising and Sales
Promotion Fund (the “Dunkin’ Fund”), and directs the development of all advertising, marketing
and promotional programs for the Dunkin’ System. Furthermore, Baskin-Robbins has
established and administers The Baskin-Robbins Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund (the
“BR Fund”), and directs the development of all advertising, marketing and promotional programs
for the Baskin-Robbins System. We may use up to twenty percent (20%) of Continuing
Advertising Fees for the administrative expenses of the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund, and for
programs designed to increase sales and further develop the reputation and image of the
brands. The balance, including any interest earned by the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund, will
be used for advertising and related expenses. The content of all activities of the Dunkin’ Fund
and BR Fund, including the media selected and employed, as well as the area and restaurants
targeted for such activities, will be determined by Dunkin and Baskin-Robbins, accordingly. We
are not obligated to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your
contributions to the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund, or to ensure that you benefit directly or on a
pro rata basis from the Dunkin’ Fund’s and/or BR Fund’s activities. Upon your request, Dunkin’
and Baskin-Robbins will provide you with an audited statement of receipts and disbursements
for the Dunkin’ Fund and BR Fund, accordingly, that is audited by an independent, certified
public accountant, for each fiscal year of the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund.
6.B
Local Marketing. If you prepare (or cause to be prepared) any advertising, marketing,
promotional, customer relationship management, public relations and other brand-related
programs for the Restaurant (collectively, “Local Marketing”) materials or programs, then you
must submit the materials and programs and their proposed use to us for our prior written
approval in advance of any use. You may not use any Local Marketing materials or programs
that we have not approved or have disapproved. You also must comply with any Standards and
other guidelines that we periodically specify concerning any Local Marketing that you
implement.
6.C
Additional Baskin-Robbins Marketing. From time to time, Baskin-Robbins may create
national or local promotional program(s) that, for a limited time, involved the giveaway of a
specified product, or its sale at some specified price. Baskin-Robbins may also create programs
for frequency and loyalty cards and redemption of gift certificates, coupons, and vouchers, the
duration of which will be determined by Baskin-Robbins. If we designate any such program as
mandatory, you agree to participate fully.
8
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

