provide you with a Continuing Franchise Fee credit equal to $250,000 for such Restaurant
(the “2028+ Opening Incentive Credit”).
f.
Within thirty (30) days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any
applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be applied to
Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without interest).
6.
Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the Brewed for Growth
Incentive program, the Select Developing Markets Incentive program, or the Go West Incentive
program set forth above, then for each Franchise Agreement that is executed for an Incentive
Commitment in compliance with the Development Agreement, and you open and begin operating
the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement before the Applicable Opening
Deadline, then the Continuing Franchise Fee will be zero percent (0%) of Gross Sales from the
date you open the Restaurant until the Applicable Opening Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12)
months), then the applicable Continuing Franchise Fee rate shall apply. If you open the Restaurant
on or after the Applicable Opening Deadline, the Early Opening Incentive described in this Section
will not apply to the Restaurant.
7.
VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Developer or its owner(s) qualify for
the VetFran Program.] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026
and you are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an
affiliate that signed, a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who qualifies
and signs the Development Agreement to develop one or more Combo Restaurants, each New
Commitment you develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our
“VetFran Program” incentive if (a) you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the
Development Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your affiliates,
including the applicable Franchise Agreement, (b) you open and begin operating that Restaurant
in compliance with the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the Applicable Opening
Deadline, (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we
reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories relating to the
development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for
business, and (d) you build that Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location
approved by us in compliance with the applicable Franchise Agreement. Then, if you satisfy the
conditions in (a) through (d) above, we will credit an amount equal to $10,000 towards the
Continuing Franchise Fees owed under each Franchise Agreement signed in connection with the
Development Agreement, up to $100,000 in total. Within thirty (30) days from the opening date
of the Restaurant, any applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be
applied to Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without interest). If you fail
to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the VetFran Program will not apply
to the Restaurant(s).
8.
Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this
reference. This Amendment is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the Development Agreement.
If there is an inconsistency between this Amendment and the Development Agreement, the terms
of this Amendment shall control. This Amendment, together with the Development Agreement,
constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties hereto, and there are no other oral or written
representations, understandings or agreements among them, relating to the subject matter of this
7
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD, Ex. D-3
Incentives Amendment to the Combo Store Development Agreement
1624847061.3

