Pacific Northwest Incentive Program. You may qualify for the “Pacific Northwest Incentive” program if you
sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a traditional Dunkin’
Restaurant in the Pacific Northwest Territory. You may also qualify for the Pacific Northwest Incentive
program if you sign a new Store Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop 1 or more
traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants, each located in the Pacific Northwest Territory.
Under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program, with respect to each Restaurant, if you comply with the
Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then we will pay you an amount equal to 50% of the IFF you paid for that
Restaurant and you may be eligible for the CFF credits described in Item 6.
In addition, for the first and second traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants that you or your affiliate develop in the
Pacific Northwest Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program in compliance with the Incentive
Eligibility Requirements, we will reimburse you up to $20,000 for the first Restaurant and up to $10,000 for
the second Restaurant for amounts that you spend on promotional activities related to the opening of the first
and second traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants, so long as you undertake the promotional activities in the manner
and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our Standards.
Additional Note to All Incentive Programs in Item 5: If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions for
an incentive program that is disclosed in this Item 5, then, without limiting our other rights and remedies
(including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Store Development Agreement) that incentive
program will not apply to the Restaurant(s). None of the incentive programs disclosed in Item 5 apply to
franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate
the Restaurant from an SDO location, as a relocation of an existing or closed Restaurant, or as part of a transfer
or acquisition of an existing Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive
programs.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and an Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant and Other
Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due under each applicable Other
Franchisor’s franchise agreement, in addition to the initial fees described in this Item 5. If you operate a
Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may qualify for 1 or more incentives described in Item 5
and Item 6. Additionally, you must pay us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection
with any additional or specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as MultiBrand Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses for any
additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2025.
General Notes
Unless noted above, all initial payments to us and our affiliates are non-refundable. We reserve the right to
reduce or waive any of the above initial fees for franchisees on a case-by-case basis under certain
circumstances.
ITEM 6:
OTHER FEES
Type of fee
Continuing
Franchise Fee (“CFF”)

Amount
5.9% of Gross Sales
(Note 1)

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

Due date
On or before Thursday of
each week, for the sevenday sales reporting period
ending at the close of
business on Saturday,
twelve days previous

31

Remarks
(Note 2)

