DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 29, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company maintained
balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.
The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.
The Company holds restricted cash which primarily represents interest, principal, and commitment fee reserves related to
the Company’s notes. In accordance with the Company’s securitized financing facilities, certain cash balances are required
to be held for the benefit of the noteholders and are restricted in their use.
Accounts and Notes Receivable, net
The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
franchise agreements, including contributions due to advertising funds it consolidates. These receivables from franchisees
are due within 30 days of the period in which the corresponding sales occur and are classified as "Accounts and notes
receivable, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. Receivables from third party gift card distributors and channel revenue
receivables are included as "Accounts and notes receivable, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company monitors
the financial condition of its franchisees and licensees and estimates the allowance for credit losses based upon the lifetime
expected loss on receivables. These estimates are based on historical collection experience as well as other factors, including
those related to current market conditions and events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its
determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other
conditions that may be beyond its control. Included in the allowance for credit losses is a provision for uncollectible royalty,
franchise fee, advertising fee, ice cream, and licensing fee receivables.
Property and Improvements, net
Property and improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line
method basis using estimated useful lives of the related major classes of property and improvements. Estimated useful lives
are 6 to 35 years for buildings and 1 to 20 years for leasehold improvements. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over
the shorter of the estimated useful life or the remaining lease term of the related asset.
Routine maintenance and repair costs are charged to expense as incurred. Major improvements, additions, or replacements
that extend the life, increase capacity, or improve the safety or the efficiency of property are capitalized at cost and
depreciated. Major improvements to leased property are capitalized as leasehold improvements and depreciated. Interest
costs incurred during the acquisition period of capital assets are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset and depreciated.
Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs to
sell.
Indefinite-Lived Intangibles and Other Long-lived Assets
Indefinite-lived Intangibles
The Company reviews indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the fiscal
fourth quarter, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinitelived intangible asset may not be recoverable. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the
existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a
quantitative impairment test. If such reviews indicate an intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is
recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset.
The Company uses the relief from royalty method using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine the fair value of its
trademarks/trade names. Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues,
royalty rates, terminal values, and discount rates.

-8-

