Agreement. Under the Loyalty Program Participation Agreement, you must contribute the Loyalty
Program Contribution Payment (“LCP”) to the Loyalty Program fund (the “Loyalty Fund”). The
LCP contribution percentage (the “LCP Rate”) will vary based on when the Loyalty Program Sales
accrue:
Year/Period Loyalty Program Sales Accrue
(based on our fiscal years)
2025 through 2026
2027 and beyond

LCP Rate
Maximum
1.4% of Loyalty Program Sales
1.2% of Loyalty Program Sales

“Loyalty Program Sales” means Gross Sales to Loyalty Program members for in-store sales of
eligible products at the Restaurant. We and our affiliates will periodically determine product
eligibility based on our and our affiliates arrangement with the Dunkin’ Brand Advisory Council
(“BAC”).
When a Loyalty Program member redeems rewards at the Restaurant, you will receive a
reimbursement from the Loyalty Fund equal to the National Average Product Cost (including
packaging and paper) (the “NAPC”) for the redeemed item. We will reimburse you by ACH transfer
on a weekly basis for reward redemptions at the Restaurant based on the NAPC for each item. You
must pay any taxes due on the reimbursements made to you under the Loyalty Program. We, our
affiliates and the BAC will periodically determine the NAPC for each product. We or our affiliate
will develop new reports to allow you to track your Loyalty Program Sales, redemptions and
reimbursement payments.
We and our affiliates will administer the Loyalty Fund and have the right to establish, implement
and change any Loyalty Program terms and conditions upon reasonable notice to you, provided that
certain changes are subject to BAC approval, such as lowering redemption point amounts, adding
new redemption categories, or adding or removing membership tiers.
We will use the LCPs deposited into the Loyalty Fund to advance the Loyalty Program only and not
for general or administrative expenses, such as our headcount. We or our affiliate will provide a loan
to the Loyalty Fund, which we anticipate to be approximately $3 million, to cover the expected initial
shortfall of LCPs, which we plan to repay from available Loyalty Fund assets over time (without
interest). The Loyalty Fund will be kept in a segregated interest-bearing bank account. Any excess
amounts in the Loyalty Fund at the end of any calendar year will be rolled forward into the next
calendar year. An independent, third-party accountant will audit the Loyalty Fund annually.
Note 5.

Relocation Fee. If you are signing a Franchise Agreement to relocate the premises of your
Restaurant, you must sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and pay us a relocation fee
at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement. The relocation fee will be the IFF for the DMA where
the relocation Premises are located, less an amount corresponding to the amount of term under the
original franchise agreement. For example, if the franchise agreement for the original premises has
3 years left on the term, then you would sign a franchise agreement for the relocated Premises with
a 20 year term and the IFF would be reduced such that you would only pay for 17 years.

Note 6.

Franchise Transfer Fee. The term “transfer,” whether or not capitalized, includes any voluntary,
involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition and includes the following
events, whether they impact you (or your Owners) directly or indirectly: (a) transfer of record or
beneficial ownership of any direct or indirect ownership interest in you or the right to receive all or
a portion of your profits or losses or any capital appreciation relating to you or the Restaurant
(whether directly or indirectly); (b) a merger, consolidation or exchange of ownership interests, or
issuance of additional ownership interests or securities representing or potentially representing

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

38

