SECTION 5. FEES, PAYMENTS AND REPORTING OF SALES
5.A
Initial Franchise Fee. You must pay us the Initial Franchise Fee specified in the Contract
Data Schedule in accordance with the SDA or, if this Agreement is not being executed pursuant
to an SDA, then upon executing this Agreement.
5.B
Marketing Start-Up Payment. In connection with a material branding or re-branding event
at the Restaurant such as opening, re-opening or remodel or any other event set forth in our
Standards, you agree to undertake promotional activities in the manner and to the extent that we
prescribe in accordance with our Standards. We will advise you in writing of the manner and
timing of such activities. If we have established a minimum dollar expenditure for your
Restaurant’s initial opening promotional activities, that amount will be set forth on the Contract
Data Schedule.
5.C
Continuing Franchise Fee. On or before Thursday of each week, you agree to pay us a
Continuing Franchise Fee in an amount equal to (1) the Gross Sales (defined below) of the
Restaurant for the seven (7)-day period ending at the close of business on Saturday, twelve (12)
days previous, multiplied by (2) the Continuing Franchise Fee percentage stated in the Contract
Data Schedule. We will specify the means and manner of payment from time to time, in writing.
5.D
Continuing Advertising Fee. On or before Thursday of each week, you agree to pay us a
Continuing Advertising Fee in an amount equal to (1) the Gross Sales of the Restaurant for the
seven (7)-day period ending at the close of business on Saturday, twelve (12) days previous,
multiplied by (2) the Continuing Advertising Fee percentage stated in the attached Contract Data
Schedule. The Continuing Advertising Fee should be paid at the same time and in the same
manner as the Continuing Franchise Fee, unless we specify otherwise, in writing.
5.E
Gross Sales. “Gross Sales” means all revenue related to the sale of approved products
and services through the operation of the Restaurant, but does not include money received for
the sale of stored value cards and deposited into a central account maintained for the benefit of
the Dunkin’ Restaurant network; taxes collected from customers on behalf of a governmental
body; or the sale of approved products to another entity franchised or licensed by us for
subsequent resale. All sales are considered to have been made at the time the product is
delivered to the purchaser, regardless of timing or form of payment. Revenues lost due to
employee theft are not deductible from Gross Sales. Sales made to approved wholesale accounts
are included in Gross Sales for purposes of calculating the Continuing Franchise Fee but not the
Continuing Advertising Fee. You must submit any wholesale account for our prior approval using
the procedure we specify from time to time. We may withdraw our approval at any time.
5.F
Taxes on Fees. If any tax or other fee (other than federal or state income tax based on
our income) is imposed on us by any governmental agency due to our receipt of fees or other
amounts that you pay to us under this Agreement, then you agree to pay us the amount of such
tax or other fee as an additional Continuing Franchise Fee.
5.G
Late Fees, Interest and Costs. If you are late in paying all or part of any fee or other amount
due to us or our affiliate, then without limiting our other remedies, you must also pay us our thencurrent late fee and interest on the unpaid amount calculated from the date due until paid at the
rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever
is less. You must also pay all collection charges, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that we
and our affiliates incur to collect fees that are due.
7
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

