lease the Premises from you (or your affiliate) upon expiration or termination of this Agreement
or any lease relating to the Restaurant or Premises. The lease will be for the then-remaining
term of this Agreement, including any extension or renewal, at “triple-net” fair market value rent
for comparable Combo Restaurant locations with arms-length leases. If the parties cannot agree
on the fair market value, they will consult a mutually-acceptable real estate professional.
3.C
Opening. You must open and begin operating the Restaurant, in accordance with the
Standards and other provisions of this Agreement, on or before the Required Opening Date
specified in the Contract Data Schedule. You may not open and begin operating the Restaurant
until you have finished developing the Restaurant and Premises according to our Standards,
you satisfy our other pre-opening requirements, and you obtain our approval to open.
SECTION 4. TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE
4.A
Training. Before the Restaurant opens for business, and from time to time thereafter, we
will make various mandatory and optional training programs regarding Standards that we have
developed or obtained available to you, your management and other Restaurant personnel to
assist you in meeting Standards. We will conduct some training programs regarding Standards,
and we may require you to conduct training programs through your own properly certified (by
us) trainers or supervisors. These programs may be conducted, at our option, at the Restaurant
or other site, or through the Internet or other electronic media. You agree to timely and
successfully complete, and to require your management and other employees to timely and
successfully complete, all training that we designate as mandatory regarding Standards. Some
training programs or systems may require the payment of fees.
4.B
Costs for Training. You are responsible for your costs incurred in receiving any
Standards training and in conducting your own training, including the cost of any materials and
the salaries and travel expenses of yourself, your management, and your employees. If the
Restaurant fails to meet Standards, then in addition to our other remedies, we may require you,
your management and other Restaurant personnel to participate in additional training programs
at your expense, and you may be required to reimburse us for the costs of providing such
training.
4.C
Assistance. We will maintain a continuing advisory relationship with you by providing
such assistance as we periodically deem appropriate regarding the development and operation
of a Combo Restaurant. We may require that you designate an individual who satisfies the
training and other requirements we periodically specify as our primary contact. We may advise
you on the Restaurant’s construction, design, layout, equipment, maintenance, repair and
remodeling; on the training of your Restaurant’s managers and crew personnel; on marketing
and merchandising; on inventory control and record-keeping; and on other aspects of Combo
Restaurant operations. We will make available to you our then-current Manuals setting out our
Standards, together with explanatory policies, procedures and other materials to assist you in
complying with those Standards.
4.D
Franchisee Advisory Council. We have established a franchisee advisory council
comprised of members elected by franchisees in accordance with an election process we
periodically specify as well as members appointed by us. We will consult with this group or its
successor from time to time. This council will serve solely in an advisory capacity with respect
to the matters contemplated by this Agreement, provided that the council currently has, and may
have from time to time, particular consent, approval, and other rights pursuant to specific
6
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

