STATE OF MINNESOTA
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
Item 13 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, under the heading “Trademarks,” shall be supplemented by
the addition of the following paragraph:
“The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that a franchisor indemnify
Minnesota franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties
that the franchisee’s use of the franchisor’s trademark infringes upon the trademark rights
of the third party. The franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of a
franchisee’s use of a franchisor’s trademark except in accordance with the requirements of
the franchise agreement, and as the condition to an indemnification, the franchisee must
provide notice to the franchisor of any such claim immediately and tender the defense of
the claim to the franchisor. If the franchisor accepts tender of defense, the franchisor has
the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or
otherwise resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the
claim. You must cooperate in the defense in any reasonable manner we prescribe with any
direct cost of such cooperation to be borne by us.
The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat.
Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that you be
given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) of the Franchise Agreement
and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement.
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation
to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to
consent to injunctive relief, liquidated damages, termination penalties, or judgment notes.
In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise Agreement can
abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes 1984, Chapter
80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
jurisdiction.
Any release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or transfer/assignment will not
apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims arising under Minn.
Rule 2860.4400D.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other
person acting on our behalf. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
executed in connection with the franchise.

5
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. E
State-Specific Appendices And Agreement Riders
1616203423.2

