You acknowledge that if we conduct business as if the Agreement had not been terminated or
otherwise suffer your continued operation of the Restaurant while we seek enforcement of our
election to terminate or our other rights or remedies, we are doing so merely to preserve the
reputation of the Combo Restaurant network and/or the goodwill associated with the Proprietary
Marks, and that doing so is neither a waiver of our election to terminate nor an extension of the
termination date.
14.F Option to Purchase. We have the option, exercisable by delivery of written notice within
thirty (30) days after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, to purchase from you those
Operating Assets and other assets used in the operation of the Restaurant that we designate
(excluding personal assets and assets that are not used primarily in the operation of the
Restaurant and other Combo restaurants then being acquired) (the “Purchased Assets”). The
purchase price for the Purchased Assets (the “Purchase Price”) will be their fair market value,
but not as a Combo Restaurant as a going concern, except that the Purchase Price will not
include any value for any rights granted by this Agreement, goodwill attributable to the
Proprietary Marks or System, or participation in the network of Combo Restaurants. If we and
you cannot agree on the Purchase Price for the Purchased Assets, it will be determined by an
independent appraiser designated in accordance with the Standards, who will be bound by the
provisions of this Section 14.F. We will pay the Purchase Price at the closing, which will take
place on a date we designate, but we may set off against the Purchase Price, and reduce the
Purchase Price by, any and all amounts you owe us or our affiliates relating to the Restaurant.
We are entitled to all customary representations, warranties and indemnities in this asset
purchase, and you (and your Owners) agree to execute our then current form of purchase
agreement and related agreements and instruments (which shall be on reasonable and
customary terms and conditions) in connection with the purchase. We also may at our option
assign our rights under this Section 14.F, without recourse, to any assignee, who will then have
all of our rights under this Section 14.F to purchase the Purchased Assets directly from you, and
we shall have no further liability or obligation in connection with this Section 14.F with respect to
that purchase.
14.G Option to Assume Lease. We also have the option, exercisable by delivery of written
notice within thirty (30) days after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, to require you
assign to us any leasehold interest you have in the Restaurant and Premises or any other
agreement related to the Premises. You (and your Owners) agree to execute our then current
form of lease assignment agreement and related agreements and instruments (all of which shall
be on reasonable and customary terms and conditions) in connection with the transfer, which
will be effective on the date we specify, which may be the closing date of the purchase under
Section 14.F. We may at our option assign our rights under this Section 14.G, without recourse,
to any assignee, who will then have all of our rights under this Section 14.G to assume the
leasehold interest or other agreement related to the Premises directly from you, and we shall
have no further liability or obligation in connection with this Section 14.G with respect to that
assignment.
SECTION 15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
15.A Governing Law. This Agreement, the franchise, and all claims arising from the
relationship between us and you shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without
regard to its conflict of laws rules; provided, however that any Georgia law regulating the sale of
franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless
its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Section 15.A.
24
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

