DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company and its franchisees sell gift cards that are redeemable for products in its Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins
restaurants. The Company manages the gift card program, and therefore collects all funds from the activation of gift cards
and reimburses franchisees for the redemption of gift cards in their restaurants. A liability for unredeemed gift cards, as well
as historical gift certificates sold, is included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
There are no expiration dates or service fees charged on the gift cards. While the franchisees continue to honor all gift cards
presented for payment, the likelihood of redemption may be determined to be remote for certain cards due to long periods of
inactivity. In these circumstances, the Company may recognize revenue from unredeemed gift cards (“breakage revenue”) if
they are not subject to unclaimed property laws. For Dunkin’ gift cards enrolled in the DD Perks® Rewards loyalty program
and other cards with expected similar redemption behavior, breakage is estimated and recognized at the point in time when
the likelihood of redemption of any remaining card balance becomes remote, after a period of sufficient inactivity. Breakage
revenue on all other Dunkin’ gift cards and all Baskin-Robbins gift cards is estimated and recognized over time in
proportion to actual gift card redemptions, based on historical redemption rates. Significant judgment is required in
estimating breakage rates and in determining whether to recognize breakage revenue over time or when the likelihood of
redemption becomes remote.
The Company also collects gift card program service fees from franchisees to offset the costs to administer the gift card
program. The gift card program service fees are based on the volume of gift card transactions processed and are recognized
as the underlying transactions occur.
Rental income
Rental income for base rentals is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The differences between the straightline rent amounts and amounts receivable under the leases are recorded as deferred rent assets in current or long-term assets,
as appropriate. Variable lease receipts are recognized as earned, and any amounts received from lessees in advance of
achieving stipulated thresholds are deferred until such thresholds are actually achieved. Deferred variable lease receipts are
recorded as deferred revenue in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
Wholesale revenues
The Company distributes Baskin-Robbins ice cream products and, in limited cases, Dunkin’ products to franchisees and
licensees in certain international locations. Revenue from the sale of ice cream and other products, including distribution
fees, is recognized when title and risk of loss transfers to the buyer, which is upon delivery. Payment for ice cream and other
products is due within three months after delivery.
Other revenues
Other revenues include fees generated by licensing the Company's brand names and other intellectual property, as well as
gains, net of losses and transactions costs, from the sales of restaurants to new or existing franchisees. Licensing fees are
recognized over the term of the expected license agreement, with sales-based license fees being recognized based on the
amount earned each period as the underlying sales occur. Gains on the refranchise or sale of a restaurant are recognized over
the term of the related agreement.
Income Taxes
The Company is included in the consolidated U.S. federal and certain state income tax returns of Inspire. The Company has
prepared its income tax provision under the pro rata method by recording the Company's relative contribution to the Inspire
consolidated income tax provision. The Company is a party to a formal tax sharing agreement between Inspire and certain of
its subsidiaries (the “Tax Sharing Agreement”). The Company makes tax payments directly to certain state governmental
jurisdictions for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries. Differences between the Company’s income tax provision and
income taxes pursuant to the terms of the Company’s Tax Sharing Agreement have been recognized as contributions from
and distributions to Parent. Current amounts due to or from IRB or affiliates are included in "Income taxes payable" or
"Prepaid expenses and other current assets," respectively.

13

