You must participate in any loyalty program that we require, including the Loyalty Program. You must comply
will all requirements of the Loyalty Program as we may periodically modify them. These requirements include
supporting and participating in the Loyalty Program, maintaining sufficient funds in your account to enable
the successful transfer of funds on a weekly basis, following required procedures for settlement of funds, and
other matters we periodically determine. Other than the Loyalty Program, you must not, internally or through
a third party, participate in any other mobile or online ordering, purchasing or payment program or other
proprietary, closed network, online stored value card program at or through a Dunkin’ or Baskin-Robbins
Restaurant. You may participate in Hospitality Programs. “Hospitality Programs” are card programs that (1)
the Restaurant is required to participate in based on the host of the Premises (where the host is an entity within
whose broader rules of operation the Restaurant must operate, such as a school, university, or military post or
base exchange); and (2) do not use the Proprietary Marks.
Except as otherwise stated in this Item, there are no items for which we or any of our affiliates are approved
or designated suppliers or the only approved or designated suppliers. Except for interests our officers may hold
in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, there are no approved or designated suppliers in which any of our officers
or directors own an interest. We do not provide any material benefits to franchisees in return for their purchase
of particular products or services or using designated suppliers. Collectively, the purchases and leases that you
must make from us and our affiliates, from designated or approved suppliers, or under our standards and
specification represent more than 95% of your purchases and lease to establish, and more than 95% of your
purchases and leases to operate, the Restaurant.
During the 2024 fiscal year, we derived revenue from the franchisee’s payment of the initial and on-going fees
for the franchisee’s access to and participate in The Center ($2,889,555, or 0.33% of our total revenue of
approximately $1,887,526,003). Additionally, during the 2024 fiscal year, our affiliates received a total of
$132,638,293 from the sale or lease of products and services to the franchisees, including all payments from
franchisees under their leases with our affiliates. Other than these amounts, neither we nor our affiliates derived
any revenue during the 2024 fiscal year from selling or leasing products or services to franchisees.
National DCP, LLC (“NDCP”) is the designated supplier for purchasing and distribution services for the
System. NDCP may, at its option, participate in certain purchasing arrangements negotiated by us or our
affiliates. NDCP is an entity that is owned by Dunkin’ franchisees and generally passes on savings to its
members through lower prices and patronage dividends. Since we operate Dunkin’ Restaurants, we participate
as a member of the NDCP and as a voting member on the NDCP Board of Directors. When you sign a Franchise
Agreement, you must become a participating franchisee of NDCP. To become a participating franchisee, you
must sign a membership agreement, which requires you to, among other things, purchase all of your food and
non-food products through NDCP, receive distribution services from NDCP, pay a one-time membership fee
(currently $2,500), sign a personal guarantee, and agree to the then-current terms and conditions. Please contact
NDCP for a description of the then-current terms and conditions of the membership agreement. Except as
described here, there are currently no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Dunkin’ Restaurant at a MultiBrand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the Dunkin’ system applicable to your
Dunkin’ Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design requirements, the products and
services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising, marketing and promotional programs, required
equipment or products, required hours of operation, personnel training and staffing requirements, and other
standards, specifications and requirements, in a manner that is different from the manner in which those terms
apply to other Dunkin’ Restaurants, to reflect the Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If you operate
your Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

50

