whether they comply with our Standards. We agree to establish (and may periodically modify)
Standards requiring our employees, representatives and agents, as well as vendors and other
third parties with whom we contract, to present reasonable identification upon your or your
Restaurant manager’s request before entering into restricted areas of the Restaurant which
customers cannot typically access. We may require you to immediately remove non-conforming
items from the Restaurant at your expense, and we may remove them at your expense if you do
not remove them upon request.
7.D
Determination of Prices. Except as we may be permitted by law to require a particular
price, you are free to determine the prices you charge for the products you sell.
7.E
Standards and Conditions of Employment. We and you agree that any materials, guidance
or assistance that we provide with respect to the terms and conditions of employment for your
employees, employee hiring, firing and discipline, and similar employment-related policies or
procedures, whether in the Manuals or otherwise, are solely for your optional use. Those
materials, guidance and assistance do not form part of the mandatory Standards. You will
determine to what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or assistance should apply to the
Restaurant’s employees. You acknowledge that we do not dictate or control labor or employment
matters for franchisees and their employees and will not be responsible for the safety and security
of Restaurant employees or patrons. You are solely responsible for determining the terms and
conditions of employment for all Restaurant employees, for all decisions concerning the hiring,
firing and discipline of Restaurant employees, and for all other aspects of the Restaurant’s labor
relations and employment practices.
7.F
Designated and Approved Suppliers. During the Term you must purchase or lease all
Operating Assets, the retail information system and related equipment and programs, inventory,
supplies, materials, and other products and services for the Restaurant only according to the
Standards and, if we require, only from suppliers and/or distributors that we designate or approve
from time to time (which may include or be limited to us or our affiliates). Currently you must
acquire products for your Restaurant through the National DCP, LLC, the purchasing and
distribution entity for the Dunkin’ Restaurant network. From time to time, we may enter into or
require national or regional exclusive supply arrangements with one or more independent
suppliers for certain approved products, subject to any then existing arrangements with National
DCP, LLC. In evaluating the need for an exclusive supplier, we may take into account, among
other things, the uniqueness of the product; the projected price and required volume of the
product; the investment required and the ability of the supplier to meet the required quality and
quantity of the product; the availability of qualified, alternative suppliers; the duration of the
exclusivity; and the desirability of competitive bidding.
7.G
Customer Complaints, Hazardous Conditions and Violations. You must promptly submit
to us copies of any customer complaints relating to the Restaurant or Premises. You also must
promptly submit to us any communications from public authorities about actual or potential
violations of laws or regulations relating to the operation or occupancy of the Restaurant or
Premises and otherwise notify us immediately if there exists any event or condition at the
Restaurant or Premises that poses a threat to the health or safety of your customers. We may
specify from time to time the manner of submission of this information to us.

10
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

