eligible for one or more incentive programs described in this Amendment. Therefore,
notwithstanding any terms in the Development Agreement to the contrary, if you meet the
applicable incentive program conditions, then we agree that the Franchise Agreement(s) that we
and you sign for certain Restaurant(s) developed under the Development Agreement will reflect
the terms of the applicable incentive programs described in this Amendment.
2.
Brewed for Growth Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for
the Brewed for Growth Incentive and development schedule is no more than 5 years] Because you
and we are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026 to develop one or more New
Commitments within five (5) calendar years from the Effective Date within the Brewed for Growth
Territory (defined below), each Incentive Commitment you agree to develop under the
Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “Brewed for Growth” program, if (a) you
and your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Development Agreement and each other
agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including the applicable Franchise Agreement,
(b) you open and begin operating that Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement
and the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the deadline in the Development Schedule
(the “Applicable Opening Deadline”), (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing
the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various
categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the
Restaurant first opens for business, and (d) you build that Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location approved by us in compliance with the Development Agreement
and the applicable Franchise Agreement, then you will receive the benefits of the Brewed for
Growth incentive program described in this Section. The “Brewed for Growth Territory” currently
includes the following DMAs: Chico-Redding, CA; Bakersfield, CA; Eureka, CA; Fresno, CA;
Monterey, CA; Los Angeles, CA; San Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Santa Barbara, CA;
Sacramento, CA; Palm Springs, CA; Austin, TX; Laredo, TX; Harlingen, TX; Dallas, TX;
Houston, TX; San Antonio, TX; Tulsa, OK; Tyler, TX; Waco, TX; and Oklahoma City, OK. If
you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Brewed for Growth
incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant(s). If you meet the requirements of the Brewed
for Growth incentive program, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
We will pay you fifty percent (50%) of the initial franchise fee you paid for
that Restaurant on a schedule that we designate.
b.

The Continuing Franchise Fee will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective CFF
Opening through Year 5
Year 6 through Year 8
Year 9 through remainder of the term

c.

Effective CFF
1.9%
2.9%
5.9%

The Continuing Advertising Fee will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 5
Year 6 through Year 8
Year 9 through remainder of the term
2

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD, Ex. D-3
Incentives Amendment to the Store Development Agreement
1624803875.3

Effective CAF
1.9%
2.9%
5.0%

