5.H
Gross Sales Reporting and EFT. You agree to participate in our program or procedure
that we periodically specify for Gross Sales reporting and payment of fees that are due, whether
it is electronic fund transfer (“EFT”) or some successor program, in accordance with our
Standards. You agree to assume the costs associated with maintaining your capability to report
Gross Sales and transfer funds to us. In no event will you be required to pay any sums before the
date they are due, as described above.
SECTION 6. ADVERTISING AND MARKETING
6.A
Fund. We have established and administer The Dunkin' Advertising and Sales Promotion
Fund (the “Fund”), and direct the development of all advertising, marketing and promotional
programs for the System. We may use up to twenty percent (20%) of Continuing Advertising Fees
for the administrative expenses of the Fund and for programs designed to increase sales and
further develop the reputation and image of the brand. The balance, including any interest earned
by the Fund, will be used for advertising and related expenses. The content of all activities of the
Fund, including the media selected and employed, as well as the area and restaurants targeted
for such activities, will be determined by us. We are not obligated to make expenditures for you
that are equivalent or proportionate to your contributions to the Fund, or to ensure that you benefit
directly or on a pro rata basis from the Fund’s activities. Upon your request, we will provide you
with an audited statement of receipts and disbursements for the Fund that is audited by an
independent, certified public accountant, for each fiscal year of the Fund.
6.B
Local Marketing. If you prepare (or cause to be prepared) any advertising, marketing,
promotional, customer relationship management, public relations and other brand-related
programs for the Restaurant (collectively, “Local Marketing”) materials or programs, then you
must submit the materials and programs and their proposed use to us for our prior written approval
in advance of any use. You may not use any Local Marketing materials or programs that we have
not approved or have disapproved. You also must comply with any Standards and other
guidelines that we periodically specify concerning any Local Marketing that you implement.
SECTION 7. RESTAURANT OPERATIONS
7.A
Standards. You agree at all times to operate the Restaurant in accordance with all of our
Standards, as we may implement and modify them from time to time. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, among other things, you agree to:
(1)
keep the Restaurant open and in continuous operation for the days and
hours we periodically prescribe, and use the Restaurant and Premises only as a Dunkin’
Restaurant business, unless we give written approval to do otherwise (and we may vary
the hours of operation for specific restaurants in our sole judgment based on, among other
things, economic factors, the restaurant’s market, and/or other factors we deem relevant);
(2)
install and use only equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and signage for the
Restaurant (the “Operating Assets”) that we approve, and replace them as we may
specify;
(3)
install and use a retail and back office information system and related
equipment and programs that we periodically specify and whose information relating to
the Restaurant or the business you operate under this Agreement is continuously
8
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

