demographics in the market, pricing decisions, the level and types of marketing the restaurant undertook, the
quality of management and service, commitment to training staff, the franchisee’s business acumen, and the
length of time the restaurant has been open. The 2024 Dunkin’ Restaurants offer essentially the same products
and services, face the same kinds of competitive challenges, and receive the same level of support from us that
we expect new franchisees will experience.
(3)
We define the “Regions” and “Divisions” for purposes of these financial performance representations
as follows:








The Northeast Region is comprised of the Mid-Atlantic and New England Divisions:
o Mid-Atlantic Division: New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania
o New England Division: Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island,
Vermont
The Midwest Region is comprised of the East North Central and Midwest/North Central Divisions:
o East North Central Division: Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin
o Midwest North Central Division: Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North
Dakota, South Dakota
The South Region is comprised of the East South Central, South Atlantic and West South Central
Divisions:
o East South Central Division: Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, Tennessee
o South Atlantic Division: Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia
o West South Central: Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Texas
The West Region is comprised of the Mountain and Pacific Divisions:
o Mountain Division: Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, New Mexico, Montana, Utah, Nevada,
Wyoming
o Pacific Division: Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon, Washington

(4)
We define “Site Type and Venue” for purposes of these financial performance representations as
follows:



Traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants: A free-standing location is typically a stand-alone building
on a pad or outlot. Other traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants are located at shopping centers/store
fronts.
Non-traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants/SDOs: “Gas or C-stores” are typically located at gas
filling stations and convenience stores. “Airport” locations are typically located in terminals
of airports, and “Casino” locations are in or adjacent to casinos. “Other” non-traditional/SDO
Dunkin’ Restaurants are located at hospitals, entertainment and sports complexes, schools and
colleges, hotels, limited-access highway food facilities, military facilities, travel centers, travel
plazas, department stores and big box super stores, supermarkets, enclosed malls, theme parks,
and government locations.

(5)
These financial performance representations do not reflect the costs of sales, operating expenses or
other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the AUV figures to obtain your net income or profit. You
should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses you will incur in operating your
Restaurant. Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in this disclosure document, may be one source of this
information.
Some outlets have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no assurance
that you’ll sell as much.
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

81

