DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Legal and Environmental Matters
The Company is involved in various litigation and claims incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters
cannot be predicted with certainty and some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company, based on
currently available information, including legal defenses available to the Company and its legal reserves and insurance
coverages, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
11. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
On December 15, 2020, the Company entered into an intercompany services agreement with Inspire. Under the agreement,
Inspire provides certain management advisory and tax consulting services to the Company. In exchange, the Company is
obligated to pay a monthly fee. During fiscal year 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid $100.8 million, $97.1 million
and $123.3 million, respectively, to Inspire as a result of this agreement. These amounts are included within "Management
fee to parent" within the consolidated statements of operations. In 2022, Inspire’s allocation methodology included both
direct charges and indirect allocations based on revenues. Beginning in 2023, Inspire’s allocation methodology changed to
only allocating expenses based on charges directly incurred by the Company. As a result of these allocations, the Company's
results of operations may not be indicative of those that would be achieved if they had operated on a stand-alone basis.
In December 2022, the Company invested in a note receivable from affiliate due on demand and in no case later than
January 30, 2023. This note was subsequently repaid on the stated due date.
In February 2023, the Company invested in a note receivable from affiliate due on demand and in no case later than
February 28, 2028. These amounts are included within “Notes receivable from affiliate” as a current asset in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
In September 2024, the Company invested in a note receivable from affiliate due on demand and in no case later than
August 20, 2029. This amount is included within "Notes receivable from affiliate" as a current asset in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.
12. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through March 20, 2025, the date the
consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, and there are no items to disclose or that require adjustment.
******

26

