(5)
the transferee (if the transfer is of this Agreement) agrees to be bound by
all terms and conditions of this Agreement for the remainder of the term.
E.
Transfer Fees. For a Control Transfer, at the time of transfer, you must pay us a
transfer fee equal to ten thousand dollars ($10,000), whether or not we exercise our rights in
Section 8.G. For a Non-Control Transfer, at the time of transfer, you must pay us our thencurrent fixed documentation fee.
F.
Transfer on Death. Within twelve (12) months after the death of you or any of
your Owners and notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, the deceased’s legal
representative must propose to us in writing to transfer the interest of the deceased in this
Agreement to one or more transferees. Any such transfer must occur within eighteen (18)
months after such individual’s death, and is subject to our prior written consent, which we will
not unreasonably withhold, in accordance with this Section 8.
G.
Right of First Refusal. If you or any of your Owners at any time determine to
engage in any Control Transfer, then we will have a right of first refusal to be the purchaser of
that interest under the same terms and conditions contained in the purchase and sale document
(but subject to our rights under this Agreement and our standards). You must comply with our
standards and requirements pertaining to our right of first refusal, including by providing us with
a fully-executed copy of any offer or purchase and sale document (including any referenced
documents) for the sale. We will have sixty (60) days following our receipt of the fully-executed
purchase and sale documents (including any referenced documents) and other materials
concerning the proposed transferee(s) and the transfer that we request, to notify you whether
we are exercising our right of first refusal. Upon our exercise, we (or our assignee) will have the
benefit of all of the rights and time periods that the original proposed transferee(s) had as of the
date that they signed the purchase and sale documents, including any applicable diligence
periods and periods before closing. We may at our option assign our right of first refusal under
this Section 8.G, without recourse, to any assignee, who will then have all of our rights under
this Section 8.G to purchase the interest directly from you (or your Owner), and we shall have
no further liability or obligation in connection with this Section 8.G with respect to that transfer. If
you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer (with our approval) within ninety (90) days
after we notify you that we do not intend to exercise our right of first refusal, or if there is a
material change adverse to you in the terms of the offer (which you must tell us promptly), then
we will have an additional right of first refusal during the sixty (60)-day period following either the
expiration of the ninety (90)-day period or our receipt of notice of the material change in the
offer’s terms, on the modified terms.
9.

Dispute Resolution.

A.
Governing Law. This Agreement, the franchise, and all claims arising from the
relationship between us and you shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without
regard to its conflict of laws rules; provided, however that any Georgia law regulating the sale of
franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless
its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Section 9.A.
B.
Choice of Forum. The parties agree that to the extent any disputes arise that
cannot be resolved directly between the parties, you shall file any suit against us or our
affiliates, and we shall file any suit against you or your owners, only in the federal or state court
of general jurisdiction in Atlanta, Georgia. Each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of
10
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-1
1616203420.4

