DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Franchise fees and royalty revenues
Domestically, the Company sells individual franchises as well as territory agreements in the form of store development
agreements ("SDAs") that grant the right to develop restaurants in designated areas. The franchise agreements and SDAs
typically require the franchisee to pay initial nonrefundable franchise fees prior to opening the respective restaurants and
continuing fees, or royalty revenues, on a weekly basis based upon a percentage of franchisee gross sales. The initial term of
domestic franchise agreements is typically 20 years. Prior to the end of the franchise term or as otherwise provided by the
Company, a franchisee may elect to renew the term of a franchise agreement and, if approved, will typically pay a renewal
fee upon execution of the renewal term. If approved, a franchisee may transfer a franchise agreement or SDA to a new or
existing franchisee, at which point a transfer fee is paid. Occasionally, the Company offers incentive programs to franchisees
in conjunction with a franchise/license agreement, territory agreement, or renewal agreement.
Internationally, the Company sells master franchise agreements that grant the master franchisee the right to develop and
operate, and in some instances sub-franchise, a certain number of restaurants within a particular geographic area. The master
franchisee is typically required to pay an upfront market entry fee upon entering into the master franchise agreement and an
upfront initial franchise fee for each developed restaurant prior to each respective opening. For the Dunkin' brand and in
Baskin-Robbins international markets, the master franchisee will also pay continuing fees, or royalty revenues, generally on
a monthly basis based upon a percentage of sales. Generally, the master franchise agreement serves as the franchise
agreement for the underlying restaurants, and the initial franchise term provided for each restaurant typically ranges between
10 and 20 years.
Generally, the franchise license granted for each individual restaurant within an arrangement represents a single
performance obligation. Therefore, initial franchise fees and market entry fees for each arrangement are allocated to each
individual restaurant and recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement from the date of the restaurant
opening. Royalty revenues are also recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement based on the royalties
earned each period as the underlying sales occur. Renewal fees are generally recognized over the renewal term for the
respective restaurant from the start of the renewal period. Transfer fees are recognized over the remaining term of the
franchise agreement beginning at the time of transfer. Incentives provided to franchisees in conjunction with a franchise/
license agreement, territory agreement, or renewal agreement are recognized over the remaining term of the respective
agreement. Fees received or receivable that are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year are classified as
current deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets.
Advertising Fees and Related Income
Domestically, franchise agreements typically require the franchisee to pay continuing advertising fees on a weekly basis
based on a percentage of franchisee gross sales, which represents a portion of the consideration received for the single
performance obligation of the franchise license. Continuing advertising fees are recognized over the term of the respective
franchise agreement based on the fees earned each period as the underlying sales occur. Additionally, the Company accrues
advertising expenses equivalent to advertising revenues, representing the Company's obligation to remit advertising fund
contributions to affiliated entities of the Company to be used for advertising for each brand.
Rental Income
Rental income for base rentals is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The differences between the straightline rent amounts and amounts receivable under lease contracts are recorded as deferred rent assets in current or noncurrent
assets, as appropriate. Variable lease receipts are recognized as earned, and any amounts received from lessees in advance of
achieving stipulated thresholds are deferred until such thresholds are actually achieved. Deferred variable lease receipts are
recorded as deferred revenue in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
Licensing Fees
Licensing fees include fees generated by licensing the Company's brand names and other intellectual property to third
parties and are recognized when earned, which is generally upon sale of the underlying products by the licensees.
Additionally, licensing fees include fees generated pursuant to license agreements with wholly-owned subsidiaries of DBGI
related to the use of Baskin-Robbins intellectual property in the sale of ice cream products to certain international markets
and are recognized when earned.

-10-

