obligation to maintain insurance is separate and distinct from your obligation to indemnify
us under the provisions of Section 12.B.
12.B Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our affiliates, and our and
their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns
(collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), harmless from all claims related in any way to your
development, operation, possession or ownership of the Restaurant or the Premises, or any debt
or obligation of yours. This indemnification covers all fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees),
costs and other expenses incurred by us or on our behalf in the defense of any claims, except as
provided below, and shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required under this
Agreement. Our right to indemnity shall be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability
may be imposed on us or any other Indemnified Party by law. No settlement of any claim against
us shall be made without our prior written consent if we would be subjected to any liability not
covered by you or your insurer. You will have the right to assume control of the defense of and
otherwise respond to and address any claim or proceeding that is subject to this Section 12.B,
provided however, that each Indemnified Party may at its election, by written notice to you,
assume control of the defense of and otherwise respond to and address any such claim or
proceeding, but only if (1) the claim or proceeding involves a class action or action that involves
more than just the Restaurant and other Dunkin’ Restaurants that you or your affiliates own, (2)
a negative decision in the claim or proceeding would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse impact on the Dunkin’ brand or goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks, or (3) you
(or your insurance carrier) does not actively defend the Indemnified Party’s interests in the claim
or proceeding. If the Indemnified Party assumes control of the defense of any claim or proceeding
pursuant to the preceding sentence, then (a) the Indemnified Party shall be responsible for its
own fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), costs and other expenses, and you may at your
option retain separate co-counsel and otherwise participate in the defense at your sole cost and
expense; and (b) your indemnification, defense and hold harmless obligations under this Section
12.B shall not apply with respect to that claim or proceeding. Your obligations under this Section
12.B will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s
expiration or termination. To the extent that this Section 12.B directly conflicts with any specific
defense, hold harmless or indemnification provisions in any other written contract between us or
in any program or offering in which you participate, such as our Loyalty Program, such provisions
will govern to the extent of such conflict.
SECTION 13. TRANSFERS
13.A Transfer by Us. We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and
any other agreement between us and you (or any of your Owners or affiliates) without restriction.
This Agreement inures to the benefit of our successors and assigns. Upon transfer, we will have
no further obligation under this Agreement, except for any accrued liabilities.
13.B Transfer by You – Defined. We entered into this Agreement based on and in reliance on
our perceptions of your (or your Owners’) individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude,
business ability and financial capacity. Therefore, neither this Agreement nor any direct or indirect
interest in or rights or obligations under this Agreement, nor the Restaurant or all or substantially
all of the Operating Assets, nor any direct or indirect ownership interest in you (if you are a
business entity), may be transferred (as defined below), whether directly or indirectly, without our
prior written approval. A transfer of the ownership, possession or control of the Restaurant or the
Operating Assets may be made only with a transfer of this Agreement. Any transfer without our
approval is a breach of this Agreement and has no effect.
16
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

