Section in the
Agreement

Provision

Summary

u. Dispute resolution by
arbitration or mediation

None

from any Dunkin’ Restaurant; (iii) oppose
government approval for the development of another
Dunkin’ Restaurant; or (iv) perform any act injurious
or prejudicial to the goodwill of any Dunkin’
Restaurant or Proprietary Marks.
For 24 months after expiration, termination or
transfer, neither you nor your Owners, officers,
directors or guarantors may have any interest in a
Competitive Business at the Premises, within 5 miles
from the Premises, or any other Dunkin Restaurant.
Generally, no modifications except in writing and
signed by the parties. However, we have the right to
modify the System, Manuals, Standards, and
Proprietary Marks.
The Franchise Agreement and/or the Store
Development Agreement, as applicable, constitute
the entire agreement between us and you (subject to
state law). Any other statements or promises not in
the Franchise Agreement, Store Development
Agreement, or this FDD should not be relied upon
and may not be enforceable.
Not applicable.

v. Choice of forum

FA: §15.B
SDA: §9

Federal, state, or local courts within Atlanta, Georgia
(subject to state law).

w. Choice of law

FA: §16.A
SDA: §9

Georgia law applies to all claims (subject to state
law).

r.

Non-competition
covenants after the
franchise is terminated or
expires

FA: §10.C
SDA: §9

s. Modification of
agreement

FA: §§1.C and
16.E
SDA: §9

t.

FA: §16.D
SDA: §9

Integration/ merger clause

* In the above chart, all references to “FA” includes both the Franchise Agreement and Combo Franchise
Agreement, and all references to “SDA” includes both the Store Development Agreement and Combo Store
Development Agreement.
ITEM 18:
PUBLIC FIGURES
We do not use any public figure in promoting the sale of our franchise.
ITEM 19:
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential financial
performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for the information,
and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance information that differs
from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing
outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19,
for example, by providing information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular
circumstances.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

77

