Development Area Type 1 and the term will be 10 years, the IFF due upon signing the Franchise Agreement
will be $22,500.
Initial Franchise Fees, Combo Restaurants. If you are being granted the right to develop a Combo Restaurant,
you must pay the IFF for a Dunkin’ Restaurant described above and, you will pay BR the initial franchise fee
equal to $10,000.
Initial Franchise Fees, General Notes. In our fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, the IFF paid by our
franchisees ranged from $0 to $90,000. We reserve the right to change what DMAs are included in each
Development Area Type.
Training Fees. You must pay us our then-current initial access fee to the Center, which is currently $340 (the
“The Center Initial Access Fee”). The Center Initial Access Fee is due and payable when you sign the Franchise
Agreement.
The “Initial Training Fee” is $4,000 per person to attend the Dunkin’ Training Program (defined below). The
Initial Training Fee for the first 2 to 4 people to attend the Dunkin’ Training Program are included in the IFF,
as described in Item 11. You must pay the Initial Training Fee for additional individuals to attend the Dunkin’
Training Program. The Initial Training Fee is due and payable when you request to register for the Dunkin’
Training Program. If you cancel your or others attendance at the Dunkin’ Training Program, you must pay us
our then-current cancellation fee. Our current cancellation fee is $1,000 per person if you cancel 8-14 days
before the scheduled class, and $2,000 per person if you cancel 5 days or fewer before the scheduled class. We
may waive the Initial Training Fee if you operate existing Dunkin’ Restaurants and you are in compliance with
all of your other Dunkin’ Franchise Agreements.
Marketing Start-Up Fee. In connection with the opening, re-opening, or remodel of your Restaurant, you must
undertake promotional activities in the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our
Standards, which we will provide to you. If your Restaurant will be a Dunkin’ Restaurant, a Combo Restaurant,
or a Gas & Convenience Restaurant, you must spend at least $10,000 (the “Standard Marketing Start-Up Fee”).
If your Restaurant will operate from an SDO location, you must spend at least $5,000 (the “SDO Marketing
Start-Up Fee”). If you fail to administer the promotional programs, we may require you to pay the Standard
Marketing Start-Up Fee or SDO Marketing Start-Up Fee to us or our approved vendors to conduct these
activities on your behalf.
Reimbursement of Expenses. If you or your architect are not prepared for a scheduled meeting when required,
you must reimburse us for certain out-of-pocket costs.
Real Estate. If you lease or sublease the Premises from our affiliate, you may be required to pay our affiliate a
security deposit or other charges payable under the sublease before the business opens. The security deposit is
refundable at the end of the lease or sublease term if, after we conduct or receive a final accounting from the
landlord under the prime lease, and you have no outstanding financial obligations to us or our affiliates.
Store Development Agreement
Initial Franchise Fees, Store Development Agreement. You must pay us an IFF for each Dunkin’ Restaurant
and Combo Restaurant you agree to develop under the Store Development Agreement. You must pay 25% of
the IFF for each Restaurant you agree to develop at the time you sign the Store Development Agreement. You
must pay the remaining portion of the IFF on either the date that is 6 months before the Required Opening
Date (as identified in the Store Development Agreement) or the Restaurant’s actual opening date, whichever
is earlier.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

29

