The low end of the range above is the estimated cost for you to negotiate a build-to-suit lease in which
the landlord incurs most development costs, and you make a lease deposit. These estimates are based
on our experience and information provided by franchisees.
Rent may be based on development costs and reflect a rate of return on the landlord's initial investment,
as well as other factors. Commercial leases are typically net-net-net leases, requiring you to pay rent,
all taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs, common area maintenance costs, merchants’ association
fees and all other costs associated with the property. Rent may exceed the landlord's cost of leasing or
financing the purchase of the location. You may also have to pay percentage rent. When we lease or
sublease to you, your rent will also likely exceed our cost of leasing or financing the location. You
may also have to make an initial payment into an escrow fund to cover estimated real estate taxes. We
cannot predict the cost if you choose to buy the land on which the Restaurant will be developed.
2.

Additional Development Costs: Additional development costs may include, among others,
architectural, engineering, and legal fees. These estimates do not include additional extraordinary costs
including, among others, extensive redesign, permitting, variances, environmental issues, and/or legal
obstacles.

3.

Equipment, Fixtures and Signs: This amount includes estimated costs of furnishings, installations,
equipment, trade fixtures, small-wares and certain other items on the Premises, the amount, and
specific items of which will vary depending upon the location, size and condition of a particular
Restaurant. Cost range includes tax and delivery estimated at 10%.

4.

Restaurant Technology System: The price ranges reflect equipment configurations and solution costs,
site preparation and installation for 2 to 4 POS Systems. The price ranges do not include any optional
equipment. The number of POS Systems needed for your Restaurant will depend on the size and
configuration of the Restaurant and whether you have a drive-thru window. The cost for drive-thru
equipment is included in the above. If your Restaurant does not have a drive-thru, your costs will be
less. The price ranges also reflect the configurations and solution costs, site preparation and installation
for the Restaurant Technology System components that are required (not including the POS System).
Please note that in addition to the cost of the POS System equipment, you will be required to pay
monthly and yearly maintenance and user fees.

5.

License, Permit Fees and Deposits: The range does not include government imposed impact fees. We
estimate such fees, when imposed, can be $87,000 or more in some markets. Some local governments
may also require a performance bond, which is not included in the range.

6.

Real Estate Costs: Real estate costs vary considerably according to the type of Restaurant, real estate
values in your area, your real estate interest (leasehold or ownership), location, size of the site, code
requirements and other factors, including labor, as well as whether you, your landlord, or we develop
the Restaurant. Depending upon how your deal is structured, you may pay some or all the actual cost.
Factors that typically affect your real estate costs include your cost to negotiate your lease (or buy the
property), fair market lease values and lease terms in your area, how the costs to renovate or develop
the land, building and other site improvements are allocated between landlord and tenant and interest
costs, among others. Lease terms are individually negotiated and may vary materially from one
location or transaction to another.
Your building costs may be lower if we or your landlord develop the location, but your real estate
costs, including your annual rent, may be higher. Your rent may be based on development costs and
reflect a rate of return on the landlord's initial investment, as well as other factors. If you elect to buy
land, it can cost an additional $100,000 to $1,200,000 (or more).

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

44

