DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Long-lived Assets
Long-lived assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of assets.
Other intangible assets consist of domestic and international franchise rights, retail license rights, and favorable operating
lease interests acquired where the Company is the lessor. Other intangible assets recorded in the consolidated balance sheets
were valued using an appropriate valuation method as of the date of acquisition. Amortization of franchise rights and license
rights is recorded as amortization expense in the consolidated statements of income and amortized over the respective
estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Favorable operating leases acquired where the Company is the lessor
are amortized into rental income over the term of the respective leases using the straight-line method
The Company reviews long-lived assets, including operating lease assets, property, improvements, and allocated intangible
assets subject to amortization for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their carrying value exceeds the
undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset groups. If the asset groups are not deemed to be
recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.
The Company uses unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine the fair value of its asset groups. Management judgment is
necessary to estimate future cash flows, including cash flows from continuing use, terminal value, sublease income and
refranchising proceeds. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from the Company's estimates.
Debt Issuance Costs
Debt issuance costs are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related "Long-term debt, net” and are amortized as interest expense over the term of the related debt using the effective
interest method.
Contingencies
The Company records reserves for legal and other contingencies when information available to the Company indicates that
it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Predicting the
outcomes of claims and litigation and estimating the related costs and exposures involve substantial uncertainties that could
cause actual costs to vary materially from estimates. Legal costs incurred in connection with legal and other contingencies
are expensed as the costs are incurred.
Foreign Currency
The Company's reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, while the functional currency of the Company’s foreign operations is
primarily the local currency in each foreign country. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the current
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, while revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates
for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a separate component of other comprehensive income
(loss) and member's equity. Foreign currency translation adjustments primarily result from the Company's subsidiary located
in the UK. Transactions resulting in foreign exchange gains and losses are included in the consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.

-9-

