2026 to develop one or more New Commitments within the Pacific Northwest Territory (defined
below), each Incentive Commitment you agree to develop under the Development Schedule will
receive the benefits of our “Pacific Northwest Incentive” program, if (a) you and your affiliates
are in substantial compliance with the Development Agreement and each other agreement between
us and you or your affiliates, including the applicable Franchise Agreement, (b) you open and
begin operating that Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement and the
applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the deadline in the Development Schedule (the
“Applicable Opening Deadline”), (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the
information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various
categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the
Restaurant first opens for business, and (d) you build that Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location approved by us in compliance with the Development Agreement
and the applicable Franchise Agreement, then you will receive the benefits of the Pacific
Northwest Incentive program described in this Section (subject to the additional criteria for the
benefits described in subsections (b) and (f)). The “Pacific Northwest Territory” means the states
of Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming. If you fail
to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Pacific Northwest Incentive
program will not apply to the Restaurant(s). If you meet the requirements of the Pacific Northwest
Incentive program, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
We will pay you fifty percent (50%) of the initial franchise fee you paid for
that Restaurant, on a schedule that we designate.
b.
For the first or second Restaurant that you or your affiliates develop under
the Development Schedule and the Pacific Northwest Incentive program in the Pacific
Northwest Territory, we will reimburse you up to $20,000 for the first Restaurant and up
to $10,000 for the second Restaurant, for amounts that you spend on promotional activities
related to the opening of such Restaurant if you undertake such promotional activities in
the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our Standards and you
provide to us a report of such expenditures, in the format and containing the information
that we reasonably specify, together with all receipts.
c.
For the first Restaurant that you open under the Development Schedule
within the Pacific Northwest Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program, and
provided that first Restaurant opens before the Applicable Opening Deadline, we will
provide you with an additional Continuing Franchise Fee credit equal to $50,000 for that
first Restaurant (the “One-Time Opening Incentive Credit”).
d.
If you open a Restaurant under the Development Schedule within the Pacific
Northwest Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program on or before the
Applicable Opening Deadline, and during the 2026 or 2027 calendar year, we will provide
you with a Continuing Franchise Fee credit equal to $300,000 for such Restaurant (the
“2026–2027 Opening Incentive Credit”).
e.
If you open a Restaurant under the Development Schedule within the Pacific
Northwest Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program on or before the
Applicable Opening Deadline, and during the 2028 or subsequent calendar year, we will
6
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD, Ex. D-3
Incentives Amendment to the Combo Store Development Agreement
1624847061.3

