approved third-party suppliers to produce and deliver certain donut and bakery products to franchisees that
operate Restaurants within select markets. Franchisees that operate a Restaurant within those select markets
must purchase from such third-party the donut and bakery products that we designate for a specified period of
time. You must also secure an approved back-up supplier to produce those products in the event your main
supplier cannot or will not produce or deliver the required products to you. You may be required to transport
your own donuts and bakery products using a delivery vehicle you have purchased and that meets our standards
and specifications, using containers that meet our standards and specifications, and in accordance with a
schedule and in a manner that meet both applicable legal requirements and our standards and specifications.
You may only develop the Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. The Restaurant and the Premises must
be designed, laid out, constructed, furnished, and equipped to meet our Standards and specifications, and you
must satisfy any conditions we specify to obtain our approval of the development of the Restaurant and
Premises. You may not deviate from our approved plans, specifications and requirements without our prior
written approval. Any plans that we provide to you, and our approval of any plans you submit to us, relate
solely to compliance with our Standards and should not be construed as a representation or warranty that the
plans comply with applicable laws and regulations. That responsibility is solely yours. At our written request,
you must promptly correct any unapproved deviations in the development of the Restaurant or Premises. At
your option, our affiliates also may provide site and kitchen layout design services. Our affiliates only offer
site layout services for Dunkin’ Restaurants with a drive-thru window.
If you have not already done so before executing the Franchise Agreement, you must submit to us the proposed
purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with the acquisition, development and construction costs,
and such other information as we reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. Each purchase
agreement or lease must meet our then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us, our affiliates,
and our System. If you will lease the Premises from an unaffiliated landlord, the landlord must agree to our
then-current form of Option to Assume the lease, attached here as Exhibit F of the FDD. If you or your affiliate
directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of the Premises, you must promptly give us written notice
of such ownership or control and execute (or cause your affiliate to execute) our then-standard agreement
giving us the option to lease the Premises from you (or your affiliate) upon expiration or termination of the
Franchise Agreement or any lease relating to the Restaurant or Premises. The lease will be for the thenremaining term of the Franchise Agreement, including any extension or renewal, at triple-net fair market value
rent for comparable Dunkin’ Restaurant locations with arms-length leases. If the parties cannot agree on the
fair market value, they will consult a mutually-acceptable real estate professional. If you purchase or lease the
Premises from one of our affiliates, we or our affiliates will derive revenue from the purchase or lease.
Before opening or operating the Restaurant for business, and before beginning construction of the Restaurant
if you are developing the Restaurant, you must acquire insurance coverage of the type and in the amounts
required by law, by any lease or sublease, and by us, as prescribed in our Standards and described in Item 7
above. You must maintain such coverage in full force and effect throughout the term of the Franchise
Agreement. We have the right to change these insurance requirements from time to time. All insurance must
be placed and maintained with insurance companies with ratings that meet or exceed our Standards. At our
request, you must provide us with proof of required insurance coverages.
We and any affiliate we designate must be named as additional insureds as our respective interests appear, and
all policies must contain provisions denying to the insurer acquisition of rights of recovery against any named
insured by subrogation. All policies shall include a provision prohibiting cancellations or material changes
without 30 days’ prior written notice to all named insureds. Policies may not be limited in any way by reason
of any insurance that we (or any named party) may maintain. Upon our request, you must produce proof that
you currently have the insurance coverage required under the Franchise Agreement. If such insurance coverage
is not in effect, then in addition to our other remedies, we have the right to purchase the necessary coverage
for the Restaurant at your expense and to bill you for any premiums and costs. This obligation to maintain
insurance is separate and distinct from your obligation to indemnify us.
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

49

