agreements similar to this Agreement, without any obligation to grant a similar waiver or
modification to you.
16.C Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each
Section, subsection and provision of this Agreement is severable, and if, for any reason, any
part is held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict with any applicable present or future law or
regulation in a final, unappealable ruling issued by any court or agency with competent
jurisdiction, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or otherwise affect, any other portions of
this Agreement, which will continue to have full force and effect and bind the parties. If any
covenant which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in
terms of area, business activity prohibited, and/or length of time, but would be enforceable if
modified, we and you agree that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible
under the laws and public policies applied in the jurisdiction whose law determines the
covenant’s validity. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires more
notice than this Agreement requires of termination or of our refusal to enter into a renewal
franchise agreement, or if, under any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction, any
provision of this Agreement or any Standard is invalid, unenforceable or unlawful, the notice
and/or other action required by the law or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions
of this Agreement, and we may modify the invalid or unenforceable provision or Standard to the
extent required to be valid and enforceable or delete the unlawful provision in its entirety.
16.D Interpretation. The preambles and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which, together
with any riders or addenda executed at the same time as this Agreement, constitutes our and
your entire agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral or written
agreements and understandings between them relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
There are no other oral or written representations, warranties, understandings or agreements
between us and you relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall disclaim or require you to waive reliance on any
representation that we made in the most recent disclosure document (including its exhibits and
amendments) that we delivered to you or your representative. Any policies that we adopt and
implement from time to time to guide us in our decision-making are subject to change, are not a
part of this Agreement and are not binding on us. Except as provided in Section 9.D and Section
12.B, nothing in this Agreement is intended nor deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon
any person or entity not a party to this Agreement. The parties’ rights and remedies under this
Agreement and applicable law are cumulative. You may not withhold payment of any amounts
owed to us or our affiliates on the grounds of our or their alleged nonperformance of any of our
or their obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement. Captions, paragraph
designations and section or subsection headings are included in this Agreement for
convenience only, and in no way define or limit the scope or intent of the provisions. If two or
more persons are at any time parties to this Agreement as the franchisee under this Agreement,
whether as partners or joint venturers, their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint and
several. The words “include,” “including,” and words of similar import shall be interpreted to
mean “including, but not limited to” and the terms following such words shall be interpreted as
examples of, and not an exhaustive list of, the appropriate subject matter. This Agreement may
be executed by electronic signature and/or in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed an
original.
16.E Binding Effect and Amendment. This Agreement is binding upon us and you and our and
your respective executors, administrators, heirs, beneficiaries, permitted assigns and
successors in interest. Subject to our rights to modify the Manuals, Standards and System, this
26
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

