ITEM 17:
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
These tables list certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should read
these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.
Provision
a. Length of the franchise
term

b. Renewal or extension of
the term

c. Requirements for
franchisee to renew or
extend

Section in the
Agreement
FA: Contract Data
Schedule C, §2.B
MBA: §3

Summary

SDA: §6.A
FA: §2.B

Based on number of Restaurants to be developed.
20 years

MBA: §3

You must satisfy the renewal conditions set forth in,
and be in compliance with, the Franchise Agreement
and, if we require, renew or extend the term of the
Other Franchise Agreement(s).

NTA: §2

If you sign a Franchise Agreement to develop the
Restaurant an SDO location, you will have no
renewal rights.

SDA: §§6.B, 6.C

Mid-term extension available if you have satisfied
your development obligations and meet our other
requirements. Renewal of term available if you
satisfy our renewal requirements.
Written notice to renew; maintained standards and
during the term; you so not receive more than 3
notices of default in prior 10 year period from issuing
notice to renew; you do not receive notice of default
after issuing notice to renew; no uncured defaults at
time of renewal; paid all amounts due and owing;
obtain lease for the Premises or substitute premises
that we accept and you develop the Restaurant at the
substitute premises according to our then-current
standards; termination and mutual general release;
sign the then-current form of Franchise Agreement;
and pay renewal fee. Subject to applicable state law.

FA: §2.B

SDA: §2.C

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

20 years

Written notice to renew; satisfied the Development
Schedule; compliance with SDA and all franchise
agreements signed in connection with the SDA;
satisfy our then-current criteria to expand; we
determine the Store Development Area has potential
for additional restaurants; we agree to a new
development schedule; general release; sign the thencurrent form of Store Development Agreement.
Subject to applicable state law.
73

