defendants that they would be supplying donuts for Dunkin’ franchisees under the Pittsburgh Supply Plan.
Fahrad Plaintiffs claim that, at some point, Dunkin’ advised them that it had approved a “new option” for
defendant Heartland that would allow it to purchase unfinished “frozen pre-fried” donuts instead of fresh baked
donuts. Fahrad Plaintiffs further assert that Dunkin’, knowing of Fahrad Plaintiffs’ reliance on Dunkin’s
promises to them, inquired as to what damages they had incurred as a result of their reliance upon the continued
assurances that they would be supplying fresh baked products and other goods to Heartland’s stores. At that
point, Fahrad Plaintiffs ceased development of the eastern bakery, did not continue with the purchase on the
western bakery premises, and filed this lawsuit. Claims as to Dunkin’ are promissory estoppel and fraud.
However, the trial court granted Dunkin’s motion for summary judgment, striking Fahrad Plaintiffs’ damage
claims for lost profits from the bakery and limiting any potential recovery to out of pocket expenses and lost
business opportunities. Discovery in this case is ongoing, and no trial date has been set. Defendants deny the
claims alleged by Fahrad Plaintiffs and intend to vigorously defend the case.
Phoenix Food (Pvt) Limited v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC (Court of Senior
Civil Judge, Lahore; Suit No. 33938 of 2023; filed July 25, 2023). A Dunkin’® franchisee in Pakistan, Phoenix
Food (Pvt) Limited, (“Phoenix”), filed an action alleging breach of contract due to our decision to not extend
the expired term of the multiple unit development and franchise agreement/ Phoenix seeks declaratory and
injunctive relief. Franchisor filed an application to enforce the mandatory arbitration provision in the
agreement. On December 4, 2024, the court entered an order granting Franchisor’s application and staying the
case. Franchisor denies Phoenix’s claims and intends to vigorously defend the case.
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC v. Coffee Alliance, S.L. (Barcelona Court of First Instance No. 38; Ordinary
Proceedings No. 216/2022-1B; filed March 2, 2022). Franchisor filed a lawsuit against its franchisee in Spain,
Coffee Alliance, S.L. (“Coffee Alliance”), regarding the parties’ Master Franchise Agreement (“MFA”).
Franchisor claimed that Coffee Alliance breached the MFA by failing to comply with the development
schedule, and Franchisor petitioned the court to order that Franchisor lawfully revoked Coffee Alliance’s
development rights pursuant to the MFA. Coffee Alliance filed a counterclaim alleging breach of contract and
seeking declaratory and injunctive relief to prevent Franchisor from revoking Coffee Alliance’s development
rights. In April 2023, the court dismissed Coffee Alliance’s claims, ruled Coffee Alliance breached the
development schedule in the MFA, and ordered Coffee Alliance to comply with Franchisor’s revocation of
development rights. In May 2023, Coffee Alliance appealed the ruling. In June 2023, Franchisor filed its
opposition to Coffee Alliance’s appeal. The parties are awaiting a decision from the appeals court.
John Michael Taferner and Itzel Diaz v. Inspire Brands, Inc., Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, et al. (United
States District Court for the Central District of California, Case No. 2:24-cv-05711, filed July 8, 2024).
Plaintiffs filed a class action complaint alleging that Defendants charged “a dine-in fee or other hidden fee at
various Dunkin’® restaurants.” Plaintiffs assert the following claims on behalf of a California subclass: (1)
violation of Business & Professions Code § 17200 et seq.; and (2) violation of Business & Professions Code §
17500 et seq. Plaintiffs also assert the following claims on behalf of a nationwide class: (1) breach of express
warranty; breach of contract; (2) fraudulent concealment; (3) negligent misrepresentation; (4) Intentional
misrepresentation; and (5) unjust enrichment. Defendants deny the claims and intend to vigorously defend the
case.
Litigation Commenced by Dunkin’ in the Past Fiscal Year Against Franchisees
The following actions brought by us against one or more franchisees involving the franchise relationship in
the last fiscal year:

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

16

