consider the development of that location to satisfy one of the Restaurants you are
required to develop pursuant to the Development Schedule, provided that: (a) we
determine the proposal will result in a Restaurant that meets our minimum then-current
menu and design criteria for a traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant and that opens by the
applicable Required Opening Date in the Development Schedule; and (b) IFFs
applicable under the Development Schedule are applied or paid for that SDO Restaurant
regardless of the length of lease term (and any corresponding franchise term) that you or
your Controlled Affiliate secure for that location.
(2)
For all SDOs other than gas/convenience locations (which are addressed
in Subsection (1) above), if you propose and we approve you (or your Controlled
Affiliate) for a Restaurant in an SDO location within the Store Development Area, we will
consider the development of that location to satisfy one of the Restaurants you are
required to develop pursuant to the Development Schedule, provided that: (a) we
determine the proposal will result in a Restaurant that meets our minimum then-current
menu and design criteria for a traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant and that opens by the
applicable Required Opening Date in the Development Schedule; (b) we retain final
approval as to how many, if any, SDOs may be developed in lieu of the Restaurants you
were originally required to develop under the Development Schedule; (c) none of the
SDOs approved by us under this Section 2.B(2) will be included in the number of
Restaurants opened for determining whether you qualify for the Mid-Term Extension set
forth in Section 6.B; and (d) the initial franchise fee payable for that SDO will be our
then-current standard rate for SDOs, and we will apply as a credit towards the next
payment due from you under this Agreement the difference between the IFF deposit that
you previously paid to us under this Agreement for the applicable Restaurant and the
initial franchise fee for the SDO, unless there are no further payments due from you
under this Agreement, in which case the we will apply that difference as a credit towards
the Continuing Franchise Fee accrued under the Franchise Agreement for the SDO.
3.
Initial Franchise Fees. Subject to Section 2 above, you must pay us an Initial Franchise
Fee (“IFF”) for each Restaurant to be developed pursuant to this Agreement in the amounts and
at the times stated in Exhibit B. At our option, you will make all payments to us by electronic
fund transfer (“EFT”), and provide us with authorization and bank account data necessary to set
up EFT. These IFFs are non-refundable and must be paid in full, without reduction or offset.
However, subject to Section 2 above, we will apply the IFFs paid under this Agreement towards
the initial franchise fees payable under each Franchise Agreement that you (or your Controlled
Affiliate) signs pursuant to this Agreement, and the IFFs are due and payable on at the times
stated in Exhibit B notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Franchise Agreement.
4.
Site Selection, Development and Opening of Restaurants and Signing Franchise
Agreements.
A.
Although we may assist you in your search, it is solely your responsibility to
search for and propose to us the site on which you wish to develop a Restaurant. You must
deliver to us for our review a complete site report and other materials and information we
request for suitable site(s) within the Store Development Area in time to meet your obligations
under the Development Schedule. You may only develop a Restaurant at a site that we have
accepted. Despite any assistance, information or recommendations that we provide with respect
to any site, we have made and will make no representations or warranties of any kind, express
or implied, of the suitability of any site for a Dunkin’ Restaurant or any other purpose. In addition
to site information, you must submit information to us concerning the proposed layout and other
3
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-1
1616203420.4

