DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

8.

INCOME TAXES
Income tax expense consists of current taxes related to foreign jurisdictions of $7.2 million, $7.0 million, and $5.9 million
for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The Company does not record a provision for income taxes for the limited liability companies that are treated as disregarded
entities for U.S. income tax purposes and for which there is no tax sharing agreement. As a result, the provision for income
taxes differed from the expense computed using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21% for each of fiscal years 2024,
2023 and 2022.

9.

GUARANTEES AND OTHER COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Supply Chain Guarantees
The Company has entered into various agreements with suppliers of franchisee products, the majority of which contain
guarantees by the Company related to franchisees' purchases of certain volumes of products over specified periods. The
Company's guarantees decrease as franchisees purchase products over the respective terms of the agreements. The
guarantees have varying terms, many of which are one year or less, and the latest of which expires in 2025. As of December
29, 2024, the Company was contingently liable under such supply chain agreements for approximately $136.7 million. The
Company assesses the risk of performing under each of these guarantees on a quarterly basis, and, based on various factors
including internal forecasts, prior history, and ability to extend contract terms, the Company has not recorded any
liabilities related to these commitments.
Legal and Environmental Matters
The Company is involved in various litigation and claims incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters
cannot be predicted with certainty and some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company, based on
currently available information, including legal defenses available to the Company and its legal reserves and insurance
coverages, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

10. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Management Agreement
On January 26, 2015, the Company entered into management and related agreements with DBI and affiliates to compensate
such affiliates for services provided, as the Company has no employees. Under these agreements, DBI manages all franchise
arrangements and third-party license agreements, including, among other things, performing the obligations and enforcing
the new franchise agreements, collecting franchisee payments, causing the Company to enter into new franchise agreements,
and providing pre-opening and post-opening services for franchisees. DBI is also responsible for enforcing lease agreements
held by the Company. As compensation for the performance of its obligations under these management and related
agreements, the Company pays management fees to DBI and affiliates, which are included in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income within "Management fees." The management fee payable to
DBI is calculated on a weekly basis pursuant to a formula prescribed in the related management agreement, which is based
in part on retail sales at restaurants in the U.S.
Transactions with Affiliated Entities
In December 2022, the Company invested in a note receivable from affiliate due on demand and in no case later than
January 30, 2023. This note was subsequently repaid on the stated due date.
In September 2024, the Company invested in a note receivable from affiliate due on demand and in no case later than
August 20, 2029. This amount is included within "Note receivable from affiliate" as a current asset in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.
Certain fixed asset additions are paid by DBGI. These amounts are included within "Contribution of non-cash net assets
from affiliates" in the accompanying consolidated statements of member's equity. The Company received $5.8 million and
$4.2 million for these fixed asset additions during fiscal years 2023 and 2022.

-20-

