If you have satisfied all of these conditions, then to effectuate the option for the Renewal Term,
you (and your Owners, as applicable) must execute and deliver to us, within fourteen (14) days
(or any longer period required by law) after delivery to you, both (i) our then-current form of
termination and general release that confirms the termination of this Agreement and releases all
claims that the parties may have against each other and their respective affiliates, and all of
their respective officers, directors, owners and employees (provided, however, that each party’s
indemnification obligations for claims arising in connection with this Agreement shall survive
termination of this Agreement and shall not be subject to the general release); and (ii) our thencurrent form of Franchise Agreement and related documents (including exhibits and ancillary
agreements) that we are then offering to new franchisees at the time of renewal, the terms and
conditions of which (including fee structures) may differ from this Agreement, and in addition,
you pay us our then-current renewal fee when you execute that Franchise Agreement.
2.C
Non-Exclusive License. This license is non-exclusive and relates solely to the single
Restaurant location set forth in the Contract Data Schedule. We retain the right to operate or
license others to operate Combo Restaurants, Dunkin’ restaurants, Baskin-Robbins restaurants,
and other concepts, and to grant other licenses relating to the Proprietary Marks, at such
locations and on such terms as we choose. We may use or license others to use the Proprietary
Marks in ways that compete with your location and that draw customers from the same area as
your Restaurant.
SECTION 3. DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF THE RESTAURANT
3.A
Development. If you have not yet located an accepted Premises as of the Effective Date,
then although we may assist you in your search, it is solely your responsibility to search for and
propose to us a site on which to develop the Restaurant, and you must deliver to us for our
review a complete site report and other materials and information we request for a suitable site
in time to open the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date. You may only develop
the Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. You agree that the Restaurant and any parking
area or other real estate appurtenant to the Restaurant (collectively, the “Premises”) must be
designed, laid out, constructed, furnished, and equipped to meet our Standards and
specifications, and you must satisfy any conditions we specify to obtain our approval of the
development of the Restaurant and Premises. You may not deviate from our approved plans,
specifications and requirements without our prior written approval. Any plans that we provide to
you, and our approval of any plans you submit to us, relate solely to compliance with our
Standards and should not be construed as a representation or warranty that the plans comply
with applicable laws and regulations. That responsibility is solely yours. At our written request,
you must promptly correct any unapproved deviations in the development of the Restaurant or
Premises.
3.B
Lease or Purchase. If you have not already done so before executing this Agreement,
you must submit to us the proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with
the acquisition, development and construction costs, and such other information as we
reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. Each purchase agreement or lease
must meet our then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us, our affiliates, and our
System. If you will lease the Premises from an unaffiliated landlord, the landlord must agree to
our then-current form of Option to Assume the lease. If you or your affiliate directly or indirectly
acquire ownership or control of the Premises, you must promptly give us written notice of such
ownership or control and execute (or cause your affiliate to execute) our then-standard
agreement (containing reasonable and customary terms and conditions) giving us the option to
5
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

