DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Indefinite-Lived Intangibles and Other Long-lived Assets
Indefinite-lived Intangibles
The Company reviews indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the fiscal
fourth quarter, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinitelived intangible asset may not be recoverable. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the
existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a
quantitative impairment test. If such reviews indicate an intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is
recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset.
The Company uses the relief from royalty method using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine the fair value of its
trademarks/trade names. Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues,
royalty rates, terminal values, and discount rates.
Long-lived Assets
Long-lived assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of assets.
The Company reviews long-lived assets, including operating lease assets, property, equipment, and software, and allocated
intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their carrying value
exceeds the undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset groups. If the asset groups are not
deemed to be recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.
The Company uses unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine the fair value of its asset groups. Management judgment is
necessary to estimate future cash flows, including cash flows from continuing use, terminal value, sublease income and
refranchising proceeds. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from the Company's estimates.
Equity-Method Investments
The Company’s equity-method investments consist of interests in B-R 31 Ice Cream Co., Ltd. ("Japan JV"), BR-Korea Co.,
Ltd. ("South Korea JV"), and certain other investments, which are accounted for in accordance with the equity-method.
These amounts are recorded in "Equity-method investments" in the consolidated balance sheets. In applying the equitymethod, the Company records the investments at cost and subsequently increases or decreases the carrying amount of the
investments by its proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of the equity-method investments. The share of earnings
or losses are recognized in "Income from equity-method investments" in the Company’s consolidated statements of
operations. The Company records dividends or other equity distributions as reductions in the carrying value of the
investments.
The Company evaluates its equity-method investments for impairment whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs
that may have a significant adverse impact on the fair value of the investment. If a loss in value has occurred and is deemed
to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. Several factors are reviewed to determine whether a loss has
occurred that is other than temporary, including absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment, the
length and extent of the fair value decline, and the financial condition and future prospects of the investee.
Debt Issuance Costs
Debt issuance costs are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related "Long-term debt, net" and are amortized as interest expense over the term of the related debt using the effective
interest method.

10

