Provision

Section in the
Agreement
None

Summary

d. Termination by
Franchisee
e. Termination by franchisor None
without cause
f. Termination by franchisor FA: §14.A
with cause
SDA: §7

No right to terminate.
No right to terminate without cause.
We can terminate the Franchise Agreement and Store
Development Agreement only if you default of fail
to comply with your obligations. The Franchise
Agreement and Store Development Agreement
contain cross-default provisions.

MBA: §8(c)
g. “Cause” defined –
curable defaults

Terminate immediately upon receipt of a default
notice that cannot be cured.
Curable defaults include: 24 hours to correct
violation or law or Standard relating to health,
sanitation or safety; 24 hours to resume operations
after ceasing operations without our consent; 7 days
to cure default for failure to pay; 30 days to cure
failure to comply with any other provision of the
Franchise Agreement, Standard or other agreement
between you and us; your guarantor(s) bankruptcy
unless you provide substitute guarantor.

FA: §14.A

SDA: §7A
h. “Cause” defined
– non-curable defaults

i.

Franchisee’s obligations
on termination/ nonrenewal

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

Curable default includes: 7 days to cure default for
failure to pay.
Non-curable defaults include loss of Premises or
terminate of the lease; unauthorized transfer;
unauthorized use of Confidential Information or
restrictive covenants; convicted or plead guilty or no
contest to felony or crime of moral turpitude; fraud;
intentional underreporting Gross Sales; unauthorized
use of Premises; another contract between you and us
is terminated; we deliver 3 or more notices of same
or similar defaults within 12 months; your
bankruptcy.

FA: §14.A

MBA: §8(c)

Breach that cannot be corrected, such as expiration
or termination of any Other Franchise Agreement;
abandonment of the Other Restaurant(s).

SDA: §7A

Non-curable defaults include failure to satisfy
Development Schedule obligations; bankruptcy;
fraud; convicted or plead guilty or no contest to
felony or crime of moral turpitude; unauthorized
transfer; another contract between you and us is
terminated.
Obligations include cease using benefits of the
System, operating the Restaurant, holding yourself
out as our franchisee, and using Proprietary Marks or
similar marks, trade secrets, Confidential
Information, and Manuals; pay all amounts owed;

FA: §14.E

74

