7.

Opening Inventory: Before opening a Restaurant, you must purchase an initial inventory consisting of
products from suppliers approved by us. The assortment and number of these items will be based upon
the size and configuration of your Restaurant. The estimated cost for the opening inventory of these
products varies for different locations, seasons, and the storage capacity of the restaurant. Your initial
inventory of merchandise and supplies needed for the operation of your Restaurant will include raw
ingredients and products for resale, containers and other paper, plastic or similar goods, maintenance
and cleaning materials, office supplies and miscellaneous materials and supplies.

8.

Miscellaneous Opening Costs: The range includes costs for pre-opening franchisee employee training
payroll, utility deposits (e.g., gas, water, electricity, and telephone); petty cash; distribution center
refundable fees for Restaurants that receive distribution center deliveries, and miscellaneous expenses
(e.g., interior landscaping plants, sound system, office supplies, licenses, permits, and banking preopening costs).

9.

Insurance: You must provide insurance coverage in accordance with our published standards (as
amended from time to time), including but not limited to commercial general liability coverage with
minimum limits in the amount of $2,000,000 per occurrence, employment practices liability coverage
with minimum limits in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence, all risk property coverage including,
but not limited to, flood and earthquake protection, plate glass coverage, and employers liability and
workers’ compensation insurance, and maintain other insurance in accordance with our published
standards (subject to change), and maintain other insurance in accordance with state law requirements.
Some property owners may require higher levels of commercial general liability insurance or other
insurance coverage under their leases. You also must name us and our owners and affiliates as
additional insureds under the required insurance policies. Initial premiums for commercial general
liability are subject to change due to market forces beyond either of our control. The cost of other
coverages, including required workers' compensation coverage and your discretionary purchases,
varies widely. Your premium may be higher based upon your risk profile. You should discuss with
your insurance carrier/agent whether or not these costs need to be paid in full before opening or
whether they can be budgeted. Some insurance carriers will offer an installment option, requiring a
20% - 25% down payment, before opening. Failure to maintain such insurance may result in loss of
your franchise and additional financial obligations.

10.

Training Related Expenses: The Initial Training Fee for the first 2 to 4 people to attend the Dunkin’
Training Program are included in the IFF as described in Item 11. However, you must pay for uniforms,
accommodations, wages, and travel expenses, if any, for you and your employees. You will need to
have an electronic device and Wi-Fi as necessary to access training. If you attend the initial training
program in a location other than one of our training facilities, then you may be charged certain
additional costs such as travel and related expenses for the trainers, the costs for the meeting room and
such other costs as may reasonably be incurred. The above estimated ranges of costs are for 2
individuals attend the Dunkin' initial training program for 4 to 8 weeks (depending on production
platform and the opportunity to support a new restaurant opening), including transportation, board,
lodging, sanitation exam and uniforms. If a third or fourth person is required to attend the training
(based on the size of your Store Development Area or network of Dunkin’ Restaurants), the costs will
increase proportionately. There may also be additional training time needed to achieve required
competency levels. The amount of time required is a function of the individual’s ability to personally
demonstrate the competencies. This may increase your cost for travel, hotels and meals for you and/or
your designated representative. If the initial training program needs to be taken again due to class
failure, removal, or withdrawal, you will be responsible for the class cost for the replacement
learner(s). If you live close to the training facility, your costs may be on the lower end of the range.
Any wages or salaries that you may pay your employees while they attend training are not included in
these estimates. You must also maintain worker's compensation insurance coverage for your
employees while they are in training. Our current cancellation fee is $1,000 per person if you cancel

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

45

