You may be required to purchase fraud prevention services from our approved vendor for your
Restaurant’s online, mobile, and remote/advance ordering transactions from our approved vendor. The
current cost of such fraud prevention services is between $0 and $0.02 per transaction.
(K)
Stored Value Card. You are required to participate in the store value card (“SVC”)
program. Guests can add stored value to their cards with cash, credit or debit card, mobile wallets or
card issuer tender programs, and the amount of the purchase they make with the card is automatically
deducted from its stored value. The POS System has the SVC functionality integrated into the system;
therefore, no additional hardware is required. You should expect to pay weekly and/or monthly bank
and/or service fees as well as fixed and variable transactional fees for processing. A fee between $0
and $0.02 per transaction is applicable to in-store activations, reloads or purchases made using stored
value cards in your Restaurant. These charges and fees may be adjusted as program and related costs
change.
(L)
Advance and Remote Ordering. We may require you to participate in advance and
remote ordering programs through our approved vendor(s), which enables guests to place orders
remotely, in advance. The on-going cost of the program may include fixed monthly fees ranging from
$0 to $75 as well as transaction fees ranging from 2.0% to 15.0% of the order amount. Initial
configuration, installation, and hardware costs range from $150 to $2,600 per Restaurant.
(M)
POS System and BOH Technical Maintenance. We may require you to participate in
a monthly maintenance program with our approved vendor with respect to your POS System and/or
your BOH software, which will fund continuous improvements in the base software for the benefit of
your Restaurant. Fixed monthly fees range from $10 to $25 per Restaurant.
(N)
Payment Services. You may be required, in connection with your purchase of
hardware, software and services from our approved vendors or from us, to pay a service fee to us or a
third party for billing and administrative services they or we provide. We have entered into agreements
with certain vendors under which we may assist such vendors with the billing and collection of fees
from franchisees. While carrying out our responsibilities under such agreements, we may derive
income for our services based on a percentage of the invoiced amounts, ranging from 0% to 6%.
(O)
Data Availability Services. You may be required to purchase data availability services
from our approved vendor for your Restaurants. Data availability includes the access to your time
punch and transactional-level sales data for a rolling 18 months of data in the back-office system.
Annual fees for data availability are $36 per year, per Restaurant. Franchisees may opt out of data
archiving, beginning in month 19, by providing 30 days’ notice before the next quarterly billing cycle;
provided, however, a one-time re-activation fee of $1,500 plus all past monthly fees will be charged
to reinstate the data archiving services.
(P)
In-Restaurant Music Service. You may be required to participate in an approved inRestaurant music program to provide music and marketing content. We may require you to purchase,
install, and maintain the system from our approved vendor. The cost of streaming hardware includes
an initial charge of $100-$200 and then $25-$50 per month. All other associated costs related to sound
distribution (speakers, amps, etc.) are dependent upon the type of system installed, and the size and
configuration of your Restaurant. We do not permit playing music from other sources at your
Restaurant.
(Q)
Frictionless Drive-Thru. You may be required to participate in an approved
frictionless drive-thru program with our approved vendor. This would include a $32-$45 cost per site
per month.
(R)
Security Patching. You are required to participate in a vendor approved security
patching program. This would cover the Operating System and other third-party software
patching/updating typically done once a month. The approximate cost would be $5-$10 per endpoint
per month (example endpoints include each POS terminal and kiosk).
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

61

