8.
Back-Up Protection Services. Computer systems are vulnerable in varying degrees to
computer viruses, bugs, power disruptions, communication line disruptions, Internet access and
content failures, and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders (“Computer Problems”). It is
your responsibility to protect yourself from these Computer Problems, which include taking steps to
secure your systems (including continually updating firewalls, password protection, updating
operating system service packs or patches, and anti-virus systems), and to use data backup systems.
Our vendors may offer protection services or systems at costs ranging from $85 to $600 per Restaurant
per year based on services provided.
Training
You must always manage your Dunkin’ Restaurant with at least 2 individuals, one of whom must be you or
another Owner, and the other must be a designated representative, both of whom must have successfully
completed our required initial training program. Successful completion of the initial training program means
achieving a cumulative score of 90% on all the written or verbal tests in each class, completing all required
homework and online learning, and adhering to our then-current student expectations. All attendees of the
initial training program must have literacy and fluency in the English language sufficient to satisfactorily
complete our training program and to communicate with employees, guests, and suppliers. Any person who
fails to satisfy any of the foregoing will be dismissed from the training program. You must also achieve
proficiency in all aspects of the business. If you do not successfully complete our initial training requirements,
we may terminate the Franchise Agreement.
If you sign a Store Development Agreement to develop and operate 6 to 19 Restaurants within 3 to 5 years,
you must have 3 people attend and successfully complete the initial training program. In addition to the 2
individuals identified above, the third individual should be the person generally responsible for training your
employees. If you sign a Store Development Agreement to develop and operate 20 or more Restaurants within
3 to 5 years, you must have 4 people attend and successfully complete the initial training program. In addition
to the 3 individuals described above, the fourth individual should generally act as a multi-restaurant manager.
If you are developing or purchasing a Combo Restaurant, you must successfully complete training and any
certification requirements for both brands before opening. If you wish to develop and operate multiple
Restaurants, you must continuously manage your network with a minimum number of individuals who have
successfully completed our training program according to our Standards. If additional individuals from your
organization want or need to complete Brand training to meet these requirements, you must pay our thencurrent initial training fee for each individual per class. Currently, our initial training fee is $4,000 per person
to attend the initial training program.
You are solely responsible for the costs related to the attendees’ attendance of the initial training program,
including uniforms, salaries, accommodations, and travel expenses. Attendees of the initial training program
are required to execute our then-current form of participation agreement and comply with out then-current
training policies. If you cancel a scheduled training, you must pay us our then-current cancellation fee. Our
current cancellation fee is $1,000 per person if you cancel 8-14 days before the scheduled class, and $2,000
per person if you cancel 5 days or fewer before the scheduled class.
Dunkin’ Training Program:
The “Dunkin’ Training Program” takes a minimum of 19 days to complete the virtual, classroom, and
instructional phases, not including travel time, orientation and pre-requisite online course modules. The
Dunkin’ Training Program is offered a minimum of 8 times a year virtually or in a training-certified franchisee
Restaurant (“Certified Training Restaurant”). The Dunkin’ Training Program consists of instructor
demonstrations on how to produce, merchandise, serve and package products sold in a Restaurant, followed
by student practice.
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

63

