improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization and
improving the competitive position of the System or Dunkin’ Restaurants.
16.G Notices. All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally
recognized overnight courier or certified mail to the addresses set forth in the Contract Data
Schedule, or to such other addresses as you and we provide each other in writing. All notices to
us shall be sent to us “c/o Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., as Manager, Attention: Legal Department.”
16.H No Related Party Liability. You agree that none of our past, present or future directors,
officers, employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates,
controlling parties, entities under common control, ownership or management, vendors, service
providers, agents, attorneys or representatives will have any liability for: (1) any of our obligations
or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement; (2) any claim against us based on, in respect
of, or by reason of, the relationship between you and us; or (3) any claim against us based on any
of our alleged unlawful acts or omissions.
16.I
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States. The following provision applies
only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state franchise disclosure laws in
California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota,
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed by you in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person
acting on behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed
in connection with the franchise.

26
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-1
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1616203407.2

