to site information, you must submit information to us concerning the proposed layout and other
aspects of the proposed Restaurant’s design and appearance. You must make the changes to
the proposed design and appearance that we require and develop the Restaurant only in
accordance with our requirements. Each Restaurant must be constructed and equipped to our
then-current standards and specifications.
B.
You must submit to us the proposed purchase agreement or lease for the
Restaurant’s premises, along with the acquisition, development and construction costs, and
such other information as we reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. Each
purchase agreement or lease must meet our then-current minimum requirements designed to
protect us, our affiliates, and our System. If you will lease the Restaurant’s premises, the
landlord must agree to our then-current form of Option to Assume the lease. You (or your
Controlled Affiliate) must secure the real estate for each Restaurant, through an approved
purchase agreement or binding lease, in time for you (or your Controlled Affiliate) to open and
begin operating the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date for that Restaurant.
C.
After receiving our notice to proceed, but in any event before beginning
construction for the Restaurant, and provided that you (and your Controlled Affiliate) satisfy our
then current Criteria to Expand, then you (or your Controlled Affiliate) must sign our then-current
version of Franchise Agreement and related documents (as periodically modified, the
“Franchise Agreement”) for the Restaurant. You acknowledge that the terms of the Franchise
Agreements for Restaurants may differ substantially from the terms contained in our current
form of franchise agreement, except that, for each Franchise Agreement signed in compliance
with this Agreement (but subject to Section 2), the IFF, continuing franchise fee, continuing
advertising fee and marketing start-up fee shall be as set forth on Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if you fail to meet the Development Schedule or are otherwise in default under this
Agreement, and we (at our sole option) allow the development of any Restaurant to continue
despite that default, then the continuing franchise fee, continuing advertising fee and marketing
start-up fee under that Franchise Agreement shall be our then-current fees instead of the fees
set forth on Exhibit B.
5.

Proprietary Marks and Restrictive Covenants.

A.
No License to Proprietary Marks. This Agreement does not grant you any right to
use, or authorize others to use, the Proprietary Marks in any manner. Your (or your Controlled
Affiliate’s) right to use the Proprietary Marks arises only under franchise agreements with us.
“Proprietary Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, logos, emblems, trade dress, trade
names and other indicia of origin that form part of the System, all of which we may periodically
develop and modify.
B.
No License to Confidential Information. This Agreement does not grant you any
right to use, or authorize others to use, the Confidential Information in any manner. Your (or
your Controlled Affiliate’s) right to use the Confidential Information arises only under franchise
agreements with us. If you nevertheless acquire any Confidential Information, you agree that
you: (1) will not use any Confidential Information in any other business or capacity, whether
during or after the Term, and will not sell, trade or otherwise profit in any way from the
Confidential Information; and (2) will keep the Confidential Information absolutely confidential,
both during the Term and thereafter for as long as the information is not in the public domain,
and will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed in written or
other tangible or intangible form. “Confidential Information” means information relating to us or
the System that is proprietary, provides a competitive advantage to Combo Restaurants, and is
4
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. D-2
Combo Development Agreement
1616203421.4

