also confirm the Restaurant and Premises to comply with local ordinances and building codes, and you must
obtain the required licenses and permits to develop and operate your business. You may not deviate from our
approved plans, specifications and requirements without our prior written approval. At our written request, you
must promptly correct any unapproved deviations in the development of the Restaurant or Premises. You will
be solely responsible for conforming the Premises to local ordinances and building codes and obtaining any
required permits.
You must open and begin operating the Restaurant, in accordance with our Standards and other provisions of
the Franchise Agreement, on or before the Required Opening Date specified in the Franchise Agreement. You
may not open and begin operating the Restaurant until you have finished developing the Restaurant and
Premises according to our Standards, you satisfy our other pre-opening requirements, and you obtain our
approval to open. If you do not open your Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date identified in the
Franchise Agreement, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.
No later than the Refurbishment Dates and the Remodel Dates identified in the Franchise Agreement, you must
refurbish and remodel the Restaurant in accordance with our then-current refurbishment and remodel
Standards. You are responsible for the costs of refurbishments and remodels. Our refurbishment Standards
generally include enhancements, improvements or upgrades to exterior lighting and signage, pre-order board
or other drive-thru equipment and signage, landscape design, new style wall covering and countertops, current
seating and guest experience packages and/or production equipment or technology. Our remodel Standards
generally include enhancements, improvements or upgrades to the site, building, equipment (including the
Operating Assets), technology and operational systems as necessary to bring the Restaurant up to the thencurrent Brand image and Standards.
If we permit you to operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and begin
operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Section 4(d) of the MBA)
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and construct, and/or
make modifications to the Restaurants layout, design, equipment and fixtures that we periodically specify to
reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location. You must notify customers, and the design and
layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that the operation of the Other Restaurant(s) is
separate from and independent from the Restaurant. At our option, you may use certain areas of the Premises
and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and other computer equipment) only for the business
associated with the Restaurant or only for the business associated with the Other Restaurants. (Section 4 of the
MBA)
Advertising and Marketing
Marketing Start-Up
In connection with a material branding or re-branding event at the Restaurant such as opening, re-opening,
remodel, or any other event set forth in our Standards, you must undertake promotional activities in the manner
and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our Standards. We will advise you in writing of the
manner and timing of such activities. If we have established a minimum dollar expenditure for your
Restaurant’s initial opening promotional activities, that amount will be set forth on the Contract Data Schedule.
Currently, the Standard Marketing Start-Up amount is $10,000, and the SDO Marketing Start-Up Fee is $5,000.
If you fail to administer the promotional programs, we may require you to pay the Standard Marketing StartUp Fee or SDO Marketing Start-Up Fee to us or our approved vendors to conduct these activities on your
behalf.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

55

