Disclosures Regarding Affiliated Programs
The following affiliates who offer franchises resolved actions brought against them with settlements that involved
their becoming subject to currently effective injunctive or restrictive orders or decrees. None of these actions
have any impact on us or our brand nor allege any unlawful conduct by us.
The People of the State of California v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (California Superior Court, Los Angeles
County, Case No. 19STCV09397, filed March 19, 2019). On March 11, 2019, our affiliate, Arby’s Restaurant
Group, Inc. (“ARG”), entered into a settlement agreement with the states of California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon and Pennsylvania. The Attorneys
General in these states sought information from ARG on its use of franchise agreement provisions prohibiting
the franchisor and franchisees from soliciting or employing each other’s employees. The states alleged that the
use of these provisions violated the states’ antitrust, unfair competition, unfair or deceptive acts or practices,
consumer protection and other state laws. ARG expressly denies these conclusions but decided to enter into the
settlement agreement to avoid litigation with the states. Under the settlement agreement, ARG paid no money
but agreed (a) to remove the disputed provision from its franchise agreements (which it had already done); (b)
not to enforce the disputed provision in existing agreements or to intervene in any action by the Attorneys General
if a franchisee seeks to enforce the provision; (c) to seek amendments of the existing franchise agreements in the
applicable states to remove the disputed provision from the agreements; and (d) to post a notice and ask
franchisees to post a notice to employees about the disputed provision. The applicable states instituted actions in
their courts to enforce the settlement agreement through Final Judgments and Orders, Assurances of
Discontinuance, Assurances of Voluntary Compliance, and similar methods.
In the Matter of Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV LLC (Securities Commissioner of Maryland, Case No. 20250122). On March 28, 2022, JJF filed a Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) with the Maryland Securities
Division as part of a notice of exemption from franchise registration. In this filing, JJF listed the former
franchisees but omitted the required contact information for the majority of those franchisees. The Maryland
Securities Commissioner asserted that this omission violated the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Franchise Rule, and the North American Securities Administrators
Association (NASAA) Guidelines, all of which require franchisors to provide contact information for former
franchisees in their FDDs. JJF asserted that the omission was inadvertent and not material, but in order to avoid
the time commitment and expense of administrative or judicial proceedings, the Maryland Securities
Commissioner and JJF entered into a Consent Order on June 9, 2025. Under the terms of the Consent Order, JJF
agreed to pay a $30,000 civil monetary penalty, to permanently cease and desist from the offer or sale of
franchises in violation of the Maryland Franchise Law, and to disclose the existence of the Consent Order in
future franchise disclosure documents.
Except as described above, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.
ITEM 4:
BANKRUPTCY
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.
ITEM 5:
INITIAL FEES
Franchise Agreement
Initial Franchise Fees, Dunkin’ Restaurant. You must pay us an initial franchise fee (“IFF”) when you sign
the Franchise Agreement. The IFF amount is determined by the territory or Designated Market Areas
(“DMAs”) in which the Restaurant will be located and sorted into the Development Area Type identified
Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

22

