(3)
oppose the issuance of a building permit, zoning variance or other
governmental approval required for the development of another Combo Restaurant,
Dunkin’ restaurant or Baskin-Robbins restaurant; or
(4)
perform any act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the
Proprietary Marks, any Combo Restaurant, any Dunkin’ restaurant, or any BaskinRobbins restaurant.
10.C Covenants After the Term. For the first twenty-four (24) months following the expiration
or termination of this Agreement or transfer pursuant to Section 13 (the “Post-Term Period”),
neither you nor any of your Owners, officers, directors or guarantors may have a direct or
indirect ownership interest in, perform any services or other activities for, provide any assistance
to, sell any products to, or receive any financial or other benefit from any Competitive Business
that is located at the Premises or within five (5) miles from the Premises or any other Combo
Restaurant, Dunkin’ restaurant, or Baskin-Robbins restaurant that is then open or under
development. The Post-Term Period will be automatically extended, with respect to any persons
covered by this Section 10.C who are not complying fully with this Section 10.C, for each day
during which that person is not complying fully with this Section 10.C.
10.D Exclusions. The restrictions in Sections 10.B and 10.C shall not apply to the ownership
of (1) less than two percent (2%) of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a
national or regional securities exchange; or (2) a passive investment interest of less than fifteen
percent (15%) in any real estate development company, provided that such interest does not
include any management control, voting rights, or other direct or indirect control over the
policies or operations of that development company, such as any rights or control with respect
to the tenants, owners or other concepts in any real estate development.
10.E Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained in
this Section 10 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us
and give us the right to obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we
might have. If a court or other tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or
enforceability of this Section 10 determines that, strictly applied, it would be invalid or
unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of activity restrained shall be
deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this Section 10
will be valid and enforceable.
SECTION 11. MAINTENANCE AND SUBMISSION OF BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS
11.A Maintaining Records. You must keep business records in the manner and for the time
required by law and our Standards, and in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. All records must be in English, and whether on paper or in an electronic form, must
be capable of being reviewed by us without special hardware or software. You must retain
copies of each state and federal tax return for the franchised business for a period of five (5)
years.
11.B Reporting. You must submit to us, in the form and manner we periodically specify, profit
and loss statements for the Restaurant on a monthly basis, and, at our request, balance sheets
for your fiscal half-year and year-end. If we specify additional records for periodic reporting, you
agree to submit those records as required.
15
Dunkin’ | 2025 FDD, Ex. C-2
Combo Franchise Agreement
1616203422.3

