DB MASTER FINANCE PARENT LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Lease cost for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis and includes the amortization of the right of use
("ROU") asset and interest expense related to the operating lease liability. Variable lease cost for operating leases includes
contingent rent. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheets and are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the Company's consolidated statements of income. Lease costs are
recorded in the consolidated statements of income based on the nature of the underlying lease as follows: (1) rental expense
for leased property that are subsequently subleased to franchisees is recorded to “Occupancy expenses” and (2) rental
expenses related to leases for corporate offices and equipment is recorded to “General and administrative expenses.”
Finance Leases
Amounts of finance leases are recognized based on future unpaid lease payments over the lease term, discounted by the
Company’s IBR. Lease cost for finance leases includes the amortization of the finance lease asset, which is amortized on a
straight-line basis and recorded to "Depreciation and amortization," and interest expense on the finance lease liability, which
is calculated using the effective interest method and recorded to "Interest expense." Finance lease assets are amortized over
the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases, including periods covered by renewal options
that the Company is reasonably assured of exercising.
Contributions from and Distributions to Parent
Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company presents
contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the consolidated statements of member's equity. The net
distributions in a year are first recorded to "Retained earnings", if any, until the cumulative retained earnings balance is
reduced to zero. Any remaining distributions in a year are then recorded to “Member's equity,” if any, until the cumulative
“Member's equity” balance is reduced to zero and are then subsequently recorded to “Accumulated deficit.” The net
contributions in a year are recorded to "Member's equity." The Company presents contributions from and distributions to
Parent on a net basis as a financing activity on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Advertising Expenses
"Advertising expenses" in the consolidated statements of income includes advertising expenses incurred by the Company,
primarily through advertising funds, including expenses for the administration of the gift card program and loyalty program.
The Company expenses production costs of commercial advertising upon first airing and expenses the costs of
communicating the advertising in the period in which the advertising occurs. Costs of print advertising and certain
promotion-related items are deferred and expensed the first time the advertising is displayed. When revenues of the
advertising fund exceed the related advertising expenses, advertising costs are accrued up to the amount of revenues.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments include restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, notes and other
receivables, accounts payable and other current liabilities. The fair value of these financial instruments approximates book
value because of their short-term nature. The Company has not changed the valuation techniques used in measuring the fair
value of any financial assets or liabilities during 2024.
For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
the following hierarchy:
Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable.
Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little,
if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant
management judgment or estimation.

-12-

