Store Development Area. A “Controlled Affiliate” means any corporation, limited liability company or other
entity of which you (or, if you are an entity, your direct or indirect owners (collectively, the “Owners”)) own,
directly or indirectly, at least 51% of the total ownership interests, provided that the Controlled Affiliate’s
remaining direct and indirect owners satisfy our then-current requirements for non-controlling owners of
Dunkin’ Restaurant developers and obtain our approval. Additionally, if you are an entity, then each Owner
must sign our then-current form of guaranty to be personally bound by all provisions of the Store Development
Agreement and any ancillary agreements between us and you.
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must develop and operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant in compliance with the
terms of the Franchise Agreement, including our Standards and Manuals. If you are a corporation, limited
liability company, or other entity, then you agree that each Owner must sign our then-current form of guaranty
to be personally bound by all provisions of the Franchise Agreement and any ancillary agreements between us
and you.
As a new franchisee, you may expect to perform a substantial amount of manual labor, especially during the
first year of operation. During the beginning of the term of the Franchise Agreement, you should expect to
work a full shift in the Restaurant every day. However, your personal “on-premises” supervision is not required
under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Your on-premises manager must be trained in accordance with
our training requirements. We recommend your on-premises manager have an ownership interest in you, but
this is not required under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Your on-premises manager cannot have an
interest or business relationship with any a Competitive Business. You must keep confidential the Confidential
Information, although you may share this information with your employees to the extent necessary.
ITEM 16:
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
We require you to confine your business to the operation of a Restaurant. You may not conduct any other
business or activity at the Restaurant without our prior written approval. You may only offer or sell products
that we have approved, and you must offer for sale the full menu that we require. We may periodically add,
delete, or change the list of products that you are required to offer at your Restaurant. There are no limits on
our right to do so. If you operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant from an SDO location, the menu that we require may
be different from the full menu required at traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants.
In offering products for sale, you may only use ingredients, products, materials, supplies, paper goods,
uniforms, fixtures, furnishings, signs, and equipment that we have approved, and you also must follow our
required methods of product preparation and delivery.
Your franchise is limited to one location and all sales must be made only from that location. You are not
permitted to sell or distribute goods or services through the Internet or other electronic communications without
our prior written authorization. We have the right to require which third party services are permitted relating
to your Restaurant, under what conditions, and for how long, and to establish standards for your use of delivery
or catering services and, we have the right to change those standards periodically as we see fit. You may incur
costs associated with third party delivery services including hardware, software, delivery fees, service fees,
and other expenses.
If we permit you to operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer the products and
services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with the
operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.

Dunkin’ | 2025/10 Amended FDD
1624181515.8

72

