 
 
8 
Rev. 3/23 
Agreement or if the Services are damaged or destroyed due to acts of nature, war, 
terrorism, civil unrest, fires, natural disasters, or other events beyond our control. 
 
11. INDEMNIFICATION. 
11.1. You must defend, indemnify, and hold us, our affiliates, successors and assigns, and each 
of the respective directors, officers and employees associated with them, harmless against 
all claims of employees, agents, guests, and all other persons and entities, arising out of 
your operation, use or non-use of the Services, including any use of guest information and 
any third party data or any system security breaches. We are not liable to you or any other 
person or entity for personal injury or property loss, including damage to the system, 
including but not limited to loss of data, interruption, or loss of business, as a result of 
your operation, use or non-use of the Services, and/or any third-party data or any actual or 
alleged system security breaches. 
 
12. NO LIABILITY FOR INFORMATION. 
12.1. We are not liable for any claims or damages resulting from any incorrect information given 
to us or input into the Services. Support or assistance necessitated by computer viruses, or 
by any failure or breach of security for your computer systems or data, including damage 
caused by persons lacking authorized access, are not covered pursuant to this Agreement. 
You hereby waive any claims against us to the extent arising from your failure to have or 
maintain current virus and firewall protection, or arising as a result of a failure or breach 
of your security for your computer systems or data, or as a result of any unauthorized 
access to your computer systems, as a result of any failure of the virus and firewall 
protection services provided through us or as a result of persons accessing or utilizing the 
Services without authorized access unless due to our willful misconduct. This paragraph 
survives the termination of this Agreement. 
 
13. NO OTHER WARRANTIES. 
13.1. Except as described in section 10, we make no warranties of any kind, express or implied, 
including any warranty regarding the Services, their merchantability or their fitness for 
any particular purpose. We make no representation or warranty regarding the volume of 
reservations or amount of revenue that you may attain through the use of the Services or 
that your reservations or revenue will increase. You, on behalf of yourself, your successors 
and assigns, hereby waive and release all claims or causes of action that you may have 
against us, our affiliates, and our or their officers, directors or agents, arising out of the 
Services unless due to our willful misconduct. 
 
14. DAMAGE LIMITATION. 
14.1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither we, nor our respective 
affiliates shall be liable to you for special, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary, 
or indirect damages, including lost profits or lost revenue (collectively referred to as 
“indirect damages”) in connection with the Services or otherwise pursuant to this 
Agreement, even if we had been advised of the possibility of or could have reasonably 
foreseen such damages. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, for any direct damages caused by us, the Service Providers (and any indirect 
damages to the extent that the above limitation is not recognized by a court or other 
