 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
29
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
  
(B)  
Waiver 
 
No waiver or delay in enforcing any particular default by YOU shall affect OUR rights with respect to any 
subsequent default, nor shall the manner of enforcement of any right affect OUR rights as to any future default by 
YOU or other franchisees. 
 
(C) 
Severable Provisions 
 
If all, or part, of any provision in this Agreement, is declared illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, it shall be 
automatically modified to the extent necessary to make the provision legal, valid, and enforceable, or deleted, as 
appropriate.  All remaining provisions, or parts of provisions, shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
(D) 
Assignment by US 
 
WE can assign this Agreement to any person or entity who WE reasonably believe can fulfill the franchisor’s 
obligations in this Agreement.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of OUR successors and assigns.  WE can 
designate agents to perform any of OUR obligations. 
 
(E) 
Entire Agreement 
 
    
This Agreement and all exhibits to this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties and 
supersede any and all prior negotiations, understandings, representations, and agreements. Nothing in this or any 
related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations WE made in the franchise disclosure document 
that WE furnished to YOU. 
 
(F) 
Original Counterparts 
 
This Agreement can be executed in any number of counterparts each of which, when executed and delivered, 
shall be deemed an original, and the counterparts, together, shall constitute the same instrument. 
 
20. 
EXECUTIVE ORDER 13224 
 
 
In accordance with Executive Order 13224, dated September 24, 2001, as amended or supplemented, which 
prohibits transactions with terrorists and terrorist organizations, YOU, by executing this Agreement, certify that 
neither YOU, nor any employee, agent, representative, or any other person or entity associated with YOU are: 
 
 
(A)  
A person or entity listed in the Annex to the Executive Order or listed in any relevant lists maintained 
by the United Nations, North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Organization of Economic Cooperation 
and Development, Financial Action Task Force, United States Office of Foreign Properties Control, 
United States Securities & Exchange Commission, United States Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
United States Central Intelligence Agency, United States Internal Revenue Service, the Department 
of Homeland Security, or any country or organization, all as may be amended from time to time.; 
or 
 
 
(B) 
A person or entity otherwise determined to have committed acts of terrorism or to pose a significant 
risk of committing acts of terrorism; or  
 
 
(C) 
A person or entity who assists, sponsors, or supports terrorists or acts of terrorism; or 
  
 
(D) 
A person or entity owned or controlled by terrorists or sponsors of acts of terrorism; or  
 
 
(E) 
A person has who engaged in any dealings or transactions, directly or indirectly,  
