 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
15
recordings, photographs, CD-ROM, computer disks, OUR internet information, and other descriptions of methods, 
procedures, or techniques.  
 
(R) 
Confidential Information 
 
YOU must keep secret, and not divulge to any party, OUR proprietary and confidential information. OUR 
proprietary and confidential information includes but is not limited to manuals, methods of operation, information 
concerning other System franchisees, and any other information YOU receive from US, which is not a part of any 
public records. 
 
(S) 
Interest 
 
(1) 
WE can assess interest at the highest rate allowed by applicable law on any delinquent sum owed 
to US.  
 
(2)   
Sums owed to US are delinquent on the day following the date such sums are due pursuant to this 
Agreement or any other agreement between YOU and US; interest on delinquent sums shall accrue 
on a daily basis until paid. 
 
(T) 
Commencement of Operations 
 
 
YOUR hotel must begin operating as a System Business within twelve (12) months of the Effective Date of 
this Agreement.  If YOU fail to do so, this Agreement will terminate; however, WE may provide, in OUR sole 
discretion, a written extension of the time YOUR hotel has to begin operating as a System Business.   
 
(U) 
Electronic Commerce 
 
 
YOU must participate in any electronic commerce program that WE initiate. 
 
7. 
OUR OBLIGATIONS TO YOU 
 
(A) 
Consultation 
 
(1)  
Upon appointment of the FAC, WE will consult with the FAC, from time to time, regarding matters 
material to the System. 
 
(2)  
Services requiring professional or specialized training, not possessed by US, shall be provided, at 
OUR discretion, upon YOUR payment of any fees negotiated between YOU and US. 
 
(3)  
WE will make OUR System support staff available for reasonable consultation on issues involving 
the operation of YOUR Business.  If OUR staff is required, or requested, to visit YOUR hotel to 
provide the requested support, YOU must reimburse US for OUR reasonably incurred expenses for 
meals, lodging, and travel, and YOU may have to pay fees for OUR services. 
 
(B) 
Preliminary Plans and Specifications 
 
WE will review construction ready plans and specifications for YOUR hotel, including its general 
architectural appearance. The only purpose for reviewing construction-ready plans and specifications shall be to 
determine YOUR compliance with OUR minimum System Standards.  WE do not review YOUR plans and 
specifications to determine engineering or architectural adequacy or quality, nor compliance with applicable laws and 
building codes; those determinations are YOUR responsibility.   
 
 
