 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
18
(M) 
Vendor Relationships  
 
 
WE will evaluate vendors which offer services and products related to the operation of YOUR Business.  
WE will provide YOU with a list of vendors whose signs, furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies, products, and 
services comply with OUR System Standards and have been approved by US. YOU can only purchase signs, furniture, 
fixtures, equipment, supplies, products, and services from OUR approved vendors.    
 
(N) 
Confidential Information 
 
WE will keep secret, and not divulge to any party, YOUR proprietary and confidential information. 
Proprietary and confidential information includes YOUR operational data, which are not a part of any public records, 
and includes customer lists, which are deemed to be OUR joint property, but which will be used by US on a 
confidential basis. WE can compile data, customer lists for YOUR hotel, and information for the benefit of the 
System.  WE can also use YOUR operational data, without identifying YOU, in any filings or registrations made by 
US with governmental and regulatory entities and provide the data to third parties to benefit the System.   
 
(O) 
Application of System Standards 
 
 
WE will treat YOU in the same manner as other similarly situated System franchisees operating under similar 
franchise agreements and conditions. 
 
(P) 
 Franchise Advisory Council 
 
  
WE may appoint a Franchise Advisory Council (“FAC”).  The FAC shall consist of individuals with extensive 
knowledge in the lodging industry and may include franchisees who are in Good Standing.   
 
8. 
DEFAULT 
 
(A) 
Termination of Franchise 
 
The franchise and this Agreement shall terminate and all of YOUR rights shall be immediately  (or at the 
earliest time permitted by applicable law) forfeited upon the occurrence of any of the following: 
 
(1) 
YOU fail to perform any provision of this Agreement (except those defaults listed below) and 
YOUR failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days, or the period required by applicable law, 
whichever is greater, after receiving written notice from US; 
 
(2) 
YOU receive three (3) notices of material default in any twenty-four (24) month period, even if the 
defaults have been cured;  
 
(3) 
YOU lose possession, or the right to possession, of all or any part of YOUR Business;  
 
(4) 
YOU transfer any material right granted to YOU in this Agreement, without OUR written 
authorization; 
 
(5) 
YOU default in the performance of any other agreement with US, OUR subsidiaries or affiliates, 
which is material to YOUR franchise, or any mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, or lease applicable 
to the hotel, and YOU fail to cure the default within the time required by the contract, or applicable 
law, whichever is greater; 
 
(6) 
YOU fail to pay YOUR debts generally as they become due, or YOU are subject to the appointment 
of a receiver, or YOU file for protection under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency statutes or take 
any corporate or other action to authorize such filing; 
 
(7) 
YOU are convicted of any felony or other crime the nature of which impairs or diminishes the 
goodwill and reputation of the System; 
