 
19
receipt of the specifications and any reasonably requested information. You are responsible 
for and may be billed for any reasonable costs that we incur as part of this review process, 
not to exceed $1,000.  We can revoke our approval at any time if we determine in our sole 
judgment that the specifications for an approved product no longer equal or exceed our 
specifications; you will receive 30 days advance written notice of any revocation of our 
approval.  
 
You must purchase all of the products related to the preparation and dispensing of coffee 
for guests from Farmer Bros. Co.  Any convenience store-type products that you sell must 
be purchased from Performance Food Group Inc., which conducts business as Vistar. Sara 
Lee Foodservice and PepsiCo Sales, Inc. will provide a variable rate rebate to us depending 
on the type and quantity of the products purchased.  In the year ended December 31, 2024, 
our total revenue was $9,554,082, and our revenues from all required purchases of products 
was $4,200.50, or .04%.  There are no required leases. 
 
You may be required to purchase credit card payment terminals, have them programmed, 
and connected to the payment gateway provider, Shift4 Payment, LLC. Shift4 Payment, 
LLC does not make payment to us. 
 
The computer hardware and equipment that you need to connect to our PMS, CRS, and 
CRM must be purchased from us or our affiliate, MP Technology, LLC, a company in 
which two of our officers own membership interests.  In the year ended December 31, 
2024, our total revenue was $9,554,082. Our revenue from all required purchases and 
leases including hardware, labor, and software subscriptions for the PMS, CRS, and CRM 
in the year ended December 31, 2024 was $0.00, or 0% of our total revenue. Our affiliate’s 
revenue from all required purchases and leases including hardware, labor, and software 
subscriptions for the PMS, CRS, and CRM in the year ended December 31, 2024 from 
franchisees of all our brands was $318,191.92.  There are no required leases.  
 
You must use Dish Network for in-room entertainment. WorldVue and lodgeVision are the 
only approved suppliers of Dish Network in-room entertainment. We will not derive 
revenue or other material consideration for your purchase or lease. There are no required 
leases. 
 
All signage and products including but not limited to items in which our marks and 
distinguishing characteristics are affixed, must be purchased from us or an approved 
supplier. Furniture, fixtures, equipment, and other goods used to operate your hotel must 
also be purchased from an approved supplier. Our System Standards provide specifications 
regarding furniture, fixtures, equipment, and other goods used to operate your Business; 
the System Standards apply to all System franchisees. Any modification of our 
specifications will be based on our operational experience and changes in industry 
standards.   
