Executive Vice President of Franchise Development: Terry Kline 
 
Since January 2, 2014, Terry Kline has served as Executive Vice President of Franchise 
Development for My Place in Aberdeen, South Dakota. 
 
Executive Vice President of Franchise Operations: Sarah Dinger 
 
Since May 2012, Sarah Dinger has served My Place in various capacities in Aberdeen, South 
Dakota. Currently, Ms. Dinger serves as Executive Vice President of Franchise Operations. 
2. 
The following is added at the end of Item 3: 
 
Except as provided above, with regard to the franchisor, its predecessor, a person identified 
in Item 2, or an affiliate offering franchises under the franchisor’s principal trademark: 
A. 
No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending against 
that person alleging: a felony, a violation of a franchise, antitrust, or securities 
law, fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, misappropriation of property, 
unfair or deceptive practices, or comparable civil or misdemeanor allegations. 
B. 
No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental to the 
business, which are significant in the context of the number of franchisees and 
the size, nature or financial condition of the franchise system or its business 
operations. 
C. 
No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a 
felony charge or, within the 10 year period immediately preceding the 
application for registration, has been convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere 
to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a civil action alleging: 
violation of a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud; embezzlement; 
fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive 
practices or comparable allegations. 
D. 
No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order 
or decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian 
franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice law, resulting 
from a concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency; 
or is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities 
association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership 
in such association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective injunctive 
or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an action 
brought by a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions 
affecting a license as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
 
 
