 
 
7 
Rev. 3/23 
 
Under certain circumstances, and contingent upon receipt of our express permission, you 
may utilize third parties in order to perform certain of your obligations contained herein 
(each such party, a "Technical Service Provider"). The data security standards set forth 
above apply to any Technical Service Provider that you may use to store, process or 
transmit Cardholder data to us. Because such Technical Service Provider must be 
registered with the applicable Association(s), you must (1) notify us of any Technical 
Service Provider that engages in, or proposes to engage in, the storing, processing or 
transmitting of Cardholder data on your behalf, regardless of the manner or duration of 
such activities and (2) ensure that all such Technical Service Providers are (A) registered 
with the applicable Association and (B) comply with all applicable data security standards, 
including, without limitation, CISP and SDP Program requirements. Your failure to 
comply with these requirements, or the failure of your Gateway processor to register 
and/or comply with applicable data security requirements, may result in fines or penalties 
for which you are liable and termination of this Agreement. In the event that such a 
Technical Service Provider is being used by you and we deem it necessary, you: (a) give 
us permission to register you with such Technical Service Provider, if needed; and (b) 
agree that you are solely responsible for your relationship with such Technical Service 
Provider and any data transmitted or made available to such Technical Service Provider, 
including complying with any requirements of such provider with respect to its services, 
hardware or software and obtaining any required end-user consents for transmission of 
data through such Technical Service Provider. 
 
10. WARRANTY AND SUPPORT SERVICES. 
10.1. We warrant that, following the Acceptance Date, the Services will perform the functions 
and operations we specify on the documentation provided that you follow our written 
instructions, install updates and modifications and make corrections, as directed, pay Fees 
when due and that you are not otherwise in default of this Agreement or your Franchise 
Agreement. Our sole obligation pursuant to this warranty is to use reasonable efforts to 
remedy any failure of the Services to perform as represented in the documentation within 
a reasonable time after you report it to us. We do not warrant that the Hardware or Services 
will be error free. 
10.2. We have authority to provide you with the rights granted in this Agreement, and, to the 
best of our knowledge, the Services do not infringe the intellectual property rights of any 
third party. 
10.3. We will provide you with the vendor's telephone number and/or e-mail address for 
reporting any problems with the Services, and the vendor will attempt to remotely 
diagnose whether the problem involves the Hardware or the Services. If it is a failure of 
the Services to operate as represented in the Documentation, the vendor will use 
reasonable efforts to remedy such failure within a reasonable time after you report it to the 
vendor. You must perform all user-required maintenance procedures specified by the 
vendors of the specific Hardware components, and obtain required maintenance and 
repairs only from an authorized service provider. 
10.4. The warranties in this section will be void if the Services are subjected to abuse, misuse, 
improper maintenance by unauthorized service personnel, or if the Services are altered 
without our consent or direction, or used for a purpose not authorized pursuant to this 
