 
33
employees must sign a Non-Disclosure, Confidentiality, and Non-competition Agreement 
(Agreement). That Agreement prohibits you and your employees from disclosing 
proprietary and confidential information to other parties, and it prohibits you from using 
proprietary and confidential information to compete with us, or our franchisees (See 
Exhibit G). 
Item 15: Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation 
of the Franchise Business 
 
You are not required to personally participate in the direct operation of the hotel, but such 
participation is recommended. You must, however, retain and exercise management 
control over your hotel.  If you are an individual and will be the on-premises manager, you 
must successfully complete and attend our training programs.  If another party will be your 
on-premises manager, that person must successfully complete and attend our training 
programs.  An on-premises manager does not need to have an equity interest in the 
franchisee’s business. 
 
Each person who directly or indirectly owns 10% or larger equity interest in any business 
organization that owns a franchise, must sign an agreement (Guaranty, Exhibit H), 
assuming, and agreeing to discharge, all obligations required in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Item 16: Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell 
 
You can only offer and sell lodging services and products that conform with our System 
Standards. We may require you to provide discounted rates to members of our loyalty 
programs. You can also offer and sell other products, approved by us, that are 
complementary to the lodging services provided to guests. You cannot offer and sell 
services or products that are not customarily related to the provision of lodging services to 
the public without our prior written consent.   
 
There are no restrictions regarding the persons to whom you can provide lodging services, 
but all goods and services offered at your hotel must be consistent with the highest ethical 
standards. You must adhere to all rules and regulations including applicable local, state, 
and federal law.  
 
We have the right to add authorized services and/or products that you must offer and sell; 
we can also require you to offer and sell different services and/or products as new services 
and/or products are developed, and as competitive conditions change in the marketplace.  
There are no limits on our right to make changes.   
 
 
 
