 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
9
(25) 
 Notify US, in writing, within ten (10) days after receipt of information about any lawsuit, action, or 
proceeding related to YOUR Business. 
 
(26) 
Provide US with the names and addresses of guests and access to YOUR sales and guest database; 
WE can use the information for any purpose related to the System; WE are permitted to share this 
information with third parties to benefit the System.   
 
(27) 
Not withhold payment of any sums due to US for any reason; YOU cannot offset any amounts 
allegedly due to YOU against sums owed to US.  
 
(28) 
Comply with the requirements of OUR central reservation system which includes the property 
management system, telephone reservation center, proprietary internet site, internet booking engine, 
online marketing capabilities, and global distribution system sources.  To insure optimum 
performance, YOU must: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Install OUR standard property management system software and comply with 
requirements for the use of the system; and 
 
 
 
(b) 
Obtain and properly maintain adequate computer hardware and networking infrastructure; 
and  
 
 
 
(c)  
Provide staff fully trained and able to use OUR property management, central reservation 
systems, and guest loyalty system; 
 
(29) 
Participate in and pay all charges related to any guest loyalty program designed and developed by 
US and honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs that WE offer to the public on 
YOUR behalf. 
 
(30) 
Participate in and pay all charges related to Revenue Intelligence Services, or any revenue 
management program, designed and developed by US and honor the terms of the program. 
 
(31) 
Adopt all improvements or changes to the System as may be from time to time designated by US. 
 
(32) 
 Not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross marketing with any other hotel without or express 
written consent. You agree to refer guests and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to 
OUR hotels or OUR affiliates’ hotels. 
 
(33) 
YOU must designate a manager of YOUR hotel (“General Manager”), and they must attend 
Training Program and/or Retraining. The General Manager must demonstrate good moral character. 
WE may require Retraining of any General Manager who fails to perform to System Standards. 
 
(C) 
System Identity 
 
YOU must: 
 
(1) 
 Not use any of the Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics, except as WE require, or approve, in 
writing. 
 
(2) 
Submit, for OUR written approval, any variation or deviation from OUR Marks and Distinguishing 
Characteristics, mandated by a governmental entity, political subdivision, or other party.  WE can 
deny approval and contest the mandate; YOU must cooperate with US in prosecuting the action. 
 
(3) 
Immediately advise US if a claim of prior use of any of OUR Marks or Distinguishing 
Characteristics is asserted by any party, regarding YOUR Business, and, if required by US, YOU 
must use names, and combinations of Marks, or other Distinguishing Characteristics, in a manner 
