 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
17
maintaining and producing any System marketing and sales programs; (4) for OUR overhead related to costs 
associated with the financial management of the Marketing and Advertising Fund, the salaries and benefits of 
individuals who work under the Fund, and travel and other related expenses; and (5) for OUR overhead related to 
costs associated with the central reservation system, the salaries and benefits of individuals who work for, or in, the 
central reservation system and other related expenses.  WE do not ensure that YOU benefit directly, or on a 
proportional basis, from the Marketing and Reservation Fund. WE will use the Marketing and Advertising Fund fees 
for various programs and publicity including other marketing programs for the benefit of System hotels in addition to 
our affiliates operating other brands including My Place Hotels. WE will not use it to pay for marketing solely related 
to OUR sale of franchises. The Marketing and Advertising Fund is not obligated to spend more than the amounts 
received from System franchisees. If the Fund has a surplus at the end of any calendar year, that surplus will be used 
in the following calendar year before current year payments are used.  If payments to the Marketing and Advertising 
Fund are insufficient to cover expenses, it may be necessary for the Marketing and Advertising Fund to borrow money 
from US, OUR affiliates, or third parties.  The Marketing and Advertising Fund shall pay interest, at commercially 
reasonable rates, for money borrowed from US, OUR affiliates or third parties. WE will not provide YOU with a 
financial statement of the Fund, but WE will provide YOU with an annual statement regarding the Marketing and 
Advertising Fund, upon written request.   
 
(H) 
Ongoing Assistance 
 
During the operation of YOUR franchise, WE will: 
 
(1)  
Advise YOU of current operating procedures and methods;  
 
(2)  
Advise YOU of all changes, improvements, and additions to the System to the same extent as that 
information is available to other existing franchisees;  
 
(3)  
Provide additional assistance and review of YOUR operating procedures and marketing techniques 
as often as WE deem appropriate. 
 
(I) 
Request by YOU 
 
All services and information provided to YOU will be performed or provided upon YOUR written request, 
after the Effective Date, or as WE deem appropriate. 
 
(J) 
Manuals 
 
WE will provide YOU with one (1) electronic copy of each manual, and any amendments, produced or 
developed by US.   
 
(K) 
Technology Standards 
 
 
WE will exercise reasonable efforts to maintain and upgrade all internet and e-commerce computer software 
and information technology systems developed for the central reservation system, the property management system, 
and other technological assets of the System, in a manner which keeps the System competitive with the lodging 
industry.  All decisions regarding technology improvements and upgrades will be made in OUR sole and absolute 
discretion. 
 
(L) 
Indemnification for Marks. 
 
 
If, at the time that YOU become a System franchisee, YOU have no actual or constructive knowledge of any 
prior or existing use of OUR Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics in YOUR Protected Area, or the market area 
around YOUR Protected Area, WE will indemnify YOU, as WE deem appropriate, regarding YOUR use of the 
Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics during the effective term of this Agreement. 
 
 
