 
 
11 
Rev. 3/23 
20.4. Attorney’s Fees. If any legal action, appeal, arbitration, or other proceedings are initiated 
to enforce or interpret this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover 
attorney and paralegal fees, court costs, and other reasonably incurred expenses, in 
addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled. “Prevailing party” means 
the party who obtains the greater part, comparatively, of the relief sought by each, 
whether by compromise and settlement, or a determination by any court or arbitrator. 
The fees, costs, and expenses shall be included in, and be a part of, any settlement, order, 
judgment, or other determination, which shall also provide for the recovery of any fees, 
costs, and expenses incurred in enforcing such settlement, order, judgment, or 
determination. 
20.5. Other Relief. We may obtain the remedy of injunctive relief without the posting of a bond 
if you violate your obligations regarding confidentiality, non-disclosure, transfer or 
limitations on use of the Services pursuant to this Agreement. 
20.6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of 
South Dakota; any controversy concerning the provisions of this Agreement shall be 
venued in the courts of general jurisdiction for Brown County, South Dakota or in the 
United States District Court for the District of South Dakota, Northern Division. You 
consent to the personal jurisdiction of the State of South Dakota for all actions, disputes, 
litigation, claims, suits, and/or proceedings arising, directly or indirectly, out of this 
Agreement, whether based on tort, contract, warranty, misrepresentation, fraud, or 
otherwise, in any way related to or arising from this Agreement including, but not limited 
to, the termination of this Agreement. 
20.7. Waiver. The waiver, by either party, of a violation of, or the failure by either party to 
enforce, any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent 
violation of, or the relinquishment of any rights pursuant to, this Agreement. 
20.8. Severability. The terms of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and if any term is 
deemed to be illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect. 
20.9. Assignment; Binding Effect. This Agreement cannot be assigned by you without our 
written consent which we may withhold in our sole discretion. This Agreement shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, successors, 
representatives and assigns. 
20.10. Survival of Covenants. All provisions in this Agreement, which, by their nature, require 
performance or observance after the termination of this Agreement, shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement. 
20.11. Mitigation of Damages. You must use reasonable efforts to mitigate any damages 
resulting from a breach of this Agreement by us. 
20.12. Captions. The captions of sections in this Agreement are for convenience only; they form 
no part of this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation.  
20.13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts, each of which, 
when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and both of which, 
together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
20.14. Facsimile Documents. Reproductions of this Agreement, or any other document related 
to this Agreement, which are transmitted by facsimile machine, computer, or other 
electronic means, and which contain signatures of one or more of the parties, shall be 
treated and relied upon by all parties, and bind the parties, with the same legal effect as 
