 
1
Item 1: 
The Franchisor, and any Parents, Predecessors and Affiliates 
 
To make it easier to read this disclosure document, “MPHOA”, "us", "we", or "our" means 
My Place Hotels of America, LLC, the franchisor. The terms, "you", "your", or "yours" 
means the person or entity that buys the franchise. If the buyer of the franchise is a 
corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability 
company, joint venture, or other business organization, the terms "you", "your", or "yours" 
also include the individual owners of those entities. Additionally, any reference to 
"System" means the Trend franchise systems. 
 
MPHOA is a South Dakota limited liability company that was organized on July 22, 2011 
and has no predecessors or parents. Our principal business address is 1910 8th Avenue 
Northeast, Aberdeen, South Dakota 57401.  The MPHOA registered agents, for service of 
process, are disclosed in Exhibit B. 
 
MPHOA operates other hotel and lodging franchise businesses similar to the type being 
franchised under the names of MY PLACE®, MY PLACE HOTELS®, and MY PLACE 
ECONOMY EXTENDED STAY®. The franchise offered in this franchise disclosure 
document is for the rights to own and/or operate a Trend Hotels and Suites by My Place 
(“Trend”) business that provides high quality transient lodging (hotel) services to the 
public. Franchisees also conduct business using the name Trend and Trend Hotels.  
 
The general market for your services will be the traveling public as well as people needing 
lodging accommodations on an extended basis. Upon the conversion of your existing hotel 
to Trend according to our System Standards, you will provide the traveling public with 
lodging services. This market is well developed, but it continues to adapt with the changing 
needs of the traveling public. Rooms will be marketed and sold to many individuals and 
groups including but not limited to transient, negotiated, and government customers with 
seasonal fluctuations of demand that are subject to local market conditions.  
 
You are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations, which apply to all 
businesses, generally, and you, must investigate those laws and abide by them. These laws 
include laws regarding construction, zoning, public accommodations, accessibility, health 
and safety, and privacy. Certain jurisdictions will require you to obtain licenses and permits 
in order to operate your hotel. You must also investigate and determine the existence of 
local laws or regulations, which may apply to your hotel business.  
 
The predominant competition for Trend franchises consists of all hotels and motels in your 
market including My Place Hotels®. There are many competitors in the lodging market. 
There are wide ranges of rates charged by those competitors. You will need to evaluate 
your ability to compete with those competitors based on the location and quality of your 
hotel, the quality of your services, and the rates you charge.  
