 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
25
substantially in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  YOU must keep YOUR financial 
records for a period of at least six (6) years.     
 
If YOU do not provide US with any required financial records, within the required time, YOU must pay US 
Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per incident; WE can withdraw the payment from YOUR account as provided in 
Section 4(G). 
 
(B)  
Audit of Records 
 
WE can, upon reasonable notice, audit the records concerning YOUR Business.  YOU must mail or ship the 
records to US at OUR request; YOU can mail or ship US copies of YOUR records rather than YOUR original records; 
YOU must provide US with complete, true, and accurate records.  WE can also enter the premises where YOUR 
Business records are kept, during YOUR normal business hours, to audit and copy YOUR records at OUR expense.   
 
If an audit determines that YOU have not reported two percent (2%) or more of YOUR actual Gross Room 
Revenue, or YOU have not paid two percent (2%) or more of the amounts owed pursuant to Sections 4(B), 4(C), 4(K), 
and 4(L), YOU must pay the full cost of the audit, including reasonably incurred accountants’ and attorneys’ fees, 
salaries of OUR employees for the time reasonably expended for performing the audit, expenses for food, lodging, 
and travel, and the amounts underpaid, together with interest at the highest rate allowed by applicable law; further, 
this Agreement can be terminated, in OUR discretion. The amount due to US is due ten (10) days after notification 
by US.  
 
(C)  
Certification of Records 
 
YOU must certify that all financial and business records submitted by YOU are complete, true and 
accurate.  Certification does not require an audit by a certified public accountant, public accountant or bookkeeping 
service. 
 
17. 
TRANSFER AND CONTROL 
 
(A)  
Personal Franchise 
 
  
As to YOU, the franchise is personal in nature and YOU acknowledge that WE have entered into this 
Agreement in reliance on the business skill, financial capacity, and personal character of YOU (if YOU are a sole 
proprietor), and of YOUR partners, members, or shareholders, as set forth in Schedule 1, (if YOU are a partnership, 
limited partnership, joint venture, limited liability partnership, limited liability company, or corporation).  Any 
attempted transfer of the interests, in whole or in part, set forth on Schedule 1, by law or otherwise, not specifically 
authorized pursuant to this Agreement, is void and a default.  The franchise cannot be the subject of a pledge, mortgage, 
security interest, lien, levy, attachment, execution or encumbrance of any type, except with OUR prior written 
authorization.   
 
(B) 
Sale of YOUR Franchise or Business 
 
 
(1)  
Except as provided in Sections 17(C) and 17(E), before YOU can sell, exchange, or otherwise 
transfer, any interest in YOU, or all, or any part, of YOUR interest in the franchise, the hotel, and/or 
the Business, YOU must give US written notice. of the sale, exchange or transfer.  If WE do not 
exercise OUR right of first refusal as outlined in Section 17(F). WE will provide approval upon the 
satisfactory fulfillment of the following conditions: 
 
 
(a) 
YOU provide sixty (60) day advance written notice of the proposed sale, and YOU and the 
proposed purchaser/transferee, both, fully and accurately complete the application forms 
for the sale, exchange or transfer; 
 
 
(b) 
The proposed purchaser/transferee conforms with OUR then existing System Standards 
for issuing new franchises for the System; 
