 
30
The typical property management system computer hardware configuration for Trend, 
utilizing the System Standard suppliers for PMS, CRS, and CRM, is subject to existing 
hotel equipment but generally requires two desktop computers at the front desk, one 
desktop computer in the general manager’s office or workroom, five staff tablets, and a 
computer and printer for the guest lounge business center. If required, this hardware is 
purchased from us or our affiliate and will cost from $6,000 to $22,000. You cannot buy 
your computer hardware and accessories from any other source. 
 
We do not provide any ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates for your 
computer system and website.  The computer system and website will be upgraded or 
updated, on a continuing basis, by suppliers, at a cost of approximately $1,204 per month. 
You must have that service and you must pay the monthly fee that will total approximately 
$14,447 on an annual basis.  A failure to upgrade or update the computer system will 
adversely affect your ability to operate your Business.  The property management system 
is interfaced with the CRS and CRM.  We will have independent access to the information 
that will be generated or stored in your Business computer system.  That information may 
include your occupancy, room rates, accounts receivable, financial reports, sales and 
marketing information, housekeeping schedules, names and addresses of guests, room 
reservations, management of maintenance needs, and other miscellaneous information that 
you may enter into the computer system. There are presently no other requirements for 
electronic cash registers or computers.   
 
Item 12: Territory 
 
We may grant you a franchise to operate a Trend at a specific location selected by you. In 
regard to area developers, we will need to approve the location of future units and any 
territories for those units using our then-current standards for sites and territories. We will 
grant you a specified exclusive territory around your hotel that will be exclusive to you, 
hereinafter referred to as, “Protected Area”. You cannot relocate your hotel or establish 
additional Trend hotels elsewhere.  In the case of a natural disaster, we may, with written 
notice, approve relocation of the franchise business. The boundaries of your Protected Area 
will depend on the population base in your area, and other market factors such as the 
number of businesses, offices, and other entities that could potentially use hotel services, 
the proximity of highways, the locations of Protected Areas for existing franchisees, and 
the potential for the future growth of our System.   
 
Generally, Protected Areas will be larger in smaller markets and rural areas, and smaller in 
urban areas with high concentrations of population, businesses, and industries that generate 
greater demand for lodging services. We will negotiate with you, in good faith, to establish 
a reasonable Protected Area; our determination, however, will be final. You do not 
automatically have an option, right of first refusal, or similar right to acquire additional 
