 
 
6 
Rev. 3/23 
solely responsible for maintaining adequate security and control of any and all IDs, 
passwords, or any other codes that are issued to you by us, the Service Providers, or their 
payment processor. 
9.2. Compliance with Data Security Requirements. You will comply with all then-current legal 
obligations and guidelines, including without limitation those issued by Associations and 
the Federal Trade Commission, associated with the collection, security and dissemination 
of data, and expressly including the Visa Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) 
and the MasterCard Site Data Protection Program (SDP) requirements. For details log onto 
www.visa.com and www.mastercard.com. You shall not store Cardholder Verification 
Value 2 (CVV2) information or any other credit card information of any cardholder 
(whether received electronically or by fax or hardcopy) and will be liable for any fines for 
violation of such Association Rule. If you fail to comply with the requirements of this 
Section, we may terminate your use of the Services. You are fully responsible for the 
security of data in your possession. You will: (i) comply with all then-current legal 
obligations and guidelines, including without limitation those issued by Visa USA, Inc., 
MasterCard International Incorporated or other applicable card associations (collectively, 
the "Associations", and the "Association Rules") and the Federal Trade Commission, 
associated with the collection, security and dissemination of data, and expressly including 
the Visa Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) and MasterCard's Site Data 
Protection (SDP) Program. These programs include without limitation requirements that 
you: maintain a network firewall, keep security patches up-to- date, encrypt stored data, 
maintain updated anti-virus software, restrict access to data (including physical access), 
maintain unique user identification, user tracking and password requirements, conduct 
regular testing of security systems and procedures, maintain  a security information policy 
for employees and contractors. For details of these programs log onto www.visa.com/cisp 
or MasterCard's SDP Program website ); (ii) notify us of any agent, including any web 
hosting service, gateway, shopping cart, or other third party provider, that has access to 
cardholder data and ensure that such agent is compliant with all then-current legal 
obligations associated with the collection, security and dissemination of data; (iii) provide 
information or access to records as needed for us to evaluate your compliance with this 
section; and (iv) notify us immediately of any security breach to your data records or 
system as it relates to your use of the Services. If you fail to comply with the requirements 
contained herein, or we have indication of an actual or potential security breach, we may 
suspend or terminate your use of the Services. If you are suspended, the notice will explain 
the basis for such suspension, including measures reasonably calculated to rectify the 
failure or security breach. The suspension will remain in effect and until such time as we 
are satisfied that you have cured your failure or properly addressed the security breach. 
You shall not store or retain PIN data, AVS data, or Card Validation Codes (three-digit 
values printed in the signature panel of most Cards, and a four-digit code printed on the 
front of an American Express Card) of any cardholder and will be liable for any fines for 
violation of such Association Rule. You acknowledge that in the event that we receive 
indication of a security breach or compromise of cardholder data relating to you, you may 
be required to have a third party forensic auditor certified by the Associations, conduct a 
security review of your systems and facilities and issue a report to be provided to us and 
the Associations. In the event that you fail to initiate such process after our request you 
authorize us to take such action, at your expense.   
