 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
7
YOU have no right to license, or otherwise permit, any party to use or reproduce OUR Marks and 
Distinguishing Characteristics without our prior written approval. YOU agree that YOU will not contest, or assist 
others in contesting, the validity, or OUR ownership, of the Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics. 
 
(C) 
Right to Revise System 
 
WE can revise, amend, or change the System, in OUR discretion.  Any changes (including Marks, and 
Distinguishing Characteristics) developed by US, YOU, or other franchisees is OUR sole property, and WE may 
incorporate the changes into the System; WE have the sole right to copyright, register, or patent, such changes in 
OUR name.  YOU have no right to copyright, register, or patent such changes on OUR behalf, nor use such changes 
except as WE specify. YOU, WE, and the entire System mutually benefit from OUR respective contributions 
regarding changes to the System.   
 
(D) 
Franchisor's Right within Protected Area 
 
Except for YOUR rights granted in this Agreement, and except as OUR rights are limited in this Agreement, 
WE have the right to operate and administer the System within, and outside of, YOUR Protected Area.   
 
6. 
YOUR OBLIGATIONS TO THE SYSTEM 
 
(A) 
Operate YOUR business for the entire term of this Agreement. 
 
(B) 
Standards of Operation 
 
    
To preserve the distinction, valuable goodwill, and uniformity of the System, which protects YOU, US, and 
other franchisees of the System, YOU must: 
 
(1) 
Treat as confidential, and comply with, the System Standards (as it may from time to time be 
modified or revised by US), and any other reasonable policies, procedures or requirements that WE 
develop and communicate to YOU. Communication to YOU may be in physical hard paper copy 
or digital, electronic, or computerized form and YOU must pay for any costs to retrieve, review, use 
or access such hard paper copy, digital, electronic, or computerized communication.  
 
(2) 
Comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations, pay all taxes, and obtain and maintain 
all required permits, certifications, or licenses, and provide US with proof of compliance.  
 
(3) 
Fully and diligently provide all System services, products, and programs to the public. 
 
(4) 
Engage in direct sales solicitations and marketing efforts on an active and continuous basis.  
 
(5) 
Provide all guests with prompt, courteous, efficient, high quality, and ethical service, and act in a 
competent and professional manner. 
 
(6) 
Promote the use of the System wherever System franchises are available.    
                   
(7) 
Continuously operate YOUR Business as a System franchise, twenty-four (24) hours per day, every 
day, using the Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics except as otherwise permitted based on 
special circumstances. 
 
(8) 
Attend and successfully complete the Administrative Training Program and require YOUR General 
Manager to attend and successfully complete  OUR Training Program, or a training program WE 
approve before YOUR Business opens as a part of the System. As new services and methods are 
developed, YOU or YOUR General Manager, must attend and successfully complete any 
Retraining WE determine to be necessary, for the System as a whole, which may be several times 
a year. 
