seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be 
adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provision contained in the franchise agreement 
or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and unenforceable in Washington.  
 
15. Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, 
restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee 
of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any 
such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in 
Washington.  
 
16. 
Questionnaires 
and 
Acknowledgments. 
No 
statement, 
questionnaire, 
or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable 
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.  
 
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise 
agreement or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or 
complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).  
 
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the 
business of the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is 
paid a fee for referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is 
working with a franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information 
provided by the franchise broker about a franchise.  
 
Item 3 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended as follows: 
 
To resolve an investigation by the Washington Attorney General and without admitting 
any liability, we have entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (“AOD”) with the State of 
Washington, by which we have agreed to remove from our form franchise agreement a provision 
which restricts a franchisee from hiring employees of other franchisees or us. The Washington 
Attorney General asserted that such a provision violated RCW 19.86.030, which we deny. 
Nevertheless, to avoid protracted and expensive litigation, we have agreed as part of the AOD 
not to enforce any such provision in any existing franchise agreement and to notify our 
franchisees of the AOD. The State of Washington did not assess any fines or other monetary 
penalties against us. On October 7, 2019, the King County Superior Court approved the AOD and 
closed the matter. 
 
Item 17.d. of the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be revised to state that 
Termination by you is within Section 8(C) of the Franchise Agreement. The Summary section is 
revised to state the following: 
