10 
My Place Hotels of America, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
Allowance for Credit Losses 
The allowance for credit losses is estimated based on historical bad debts and the financial stability of customers 
with outstanding receivables. Management considers the following factors when determining the collectability 
of specific franchisee accounts: franchisee credit-worthiness, past transaction history with the franchisee, and 
current and forecasted economic conditions by region. Management believes that the historical loss information 
it has compiled is a reasonable base on which to determine expected credit losses for accounts receivable and 
franchise fee receivables held at December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, because the composition of the 
receivables at those dates is consistent with that used in developing the historical credit-loss percentages (i.e., 
the similar risk characteristics of its franchisees and financing practices have not changed significantly over 
time). Additionally, management has determined that the current and reasonable and supportable forecasted 
economic conditions are consistent with the economic conditions included in the historical information. As a 
result, the historical loss rates have not been adjusted for differences in current conditions or forecasted 
changes. Accordingly, the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, was $0.  
There was no opening balance of an allowance credit for credit losses as of January 1, 2022, nor any provision 
for credit losses, charge-offs or recoveries during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.   
Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for renewals and improvements that significantly add 
to the productive capacity or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and 
repairs are charged to expense. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets retired or sold are 
removed from the appropriate asset and depreciation accounts, and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in 
income. Depreciation and amortization are computed on a straight-line basis over the following estimated 
useful lives: 
Estimated
Useful Life
Leasehold improvements
7 - 40 years
Vehicles
5 years
Furniture and equipment
5 - 7 years
Software
2 - 3 years
Description
The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment whenever events and 
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future 
cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected 
future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by which 
the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this 
assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, 
and the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, 
there was no impairment at December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
