 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
3
System Standards include OUR standards of operation, quality assurance standards, trademark identity standards, and 
other rules WE establish for the benefit of the System.  
 
2. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE - PROTECTED AREA 
 
 
(A) 
WE grant YOU, subject to the provisions in this Agreement, a franchise to operate a Business 
within the Protected Area described in Section 25. The rights and benefits granted to YOU are applicable only to the 
Protected Area; those rights and benefits are personal in nature, and may not be used, directly or indirectly, by YOU 
outside of the Protected Area. 
 
 
(B)  
YOU cannot subfranchise or sublicense any of YOUR franchise rights.  WE will not develop or 
franchise any additional System outlets in YOUR Protected Area.  WE may develop and franchise different lodging 
systems, and methods of distribution and operation, within the Protected Area.  WE have the unconditional right to 
establish franchises anywhere outside of YOUR Protected Area whether the franchise is the same as that granted to 
YOU, or a different franchise.    
 
3. 
TERM OF FRANCHISE 
 
 
The franchise shall be in effect for a term beginning on the Effective Date, as defined in Section 26, and 
continuing until terminated. 
 
 
(A) 
Term  
 
 
The franchise is granted to YOU for a term which begins on the Effective Date and which automatically 
terminates on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date YOUR Business begins operation as a System franchise.  Upon 
the effective date of any termination, and even if YOU are not in default, YOU must comply with Sections 9(B), 9(C), 
and 9(D). You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is non-renewable and this Agreement grants you no rights 
of license renewal.  
 
 
(B)  
Voluntary Termination. 
 
 
If YOU are in Good Standing on the 5th anniversary of the date YOUR Business begins operation as a System 
franchise, YOU are permitted to terminate this Agreement, without recourse, upon providing written notice to US no 
later than 180 days’ prior to the 5th anniversary. Upon such termination, and even if YOU are not in default, YOU 
must comply with Sections 9(B), 9(C), and 9(D). 
 
 
(C) 
Option to Extend 
 
 
If YOU are in Good Standing on the 10th anniversary of the date YOUR Business begins operating as a System 
franchise, YOU are granted an option to extend this franchise for an additional 5-year period  upon providing written 
notice to US no later than 180 days prior to the 10th anniversary YOUR Business begins operating as a System 
franchise subject to (i) YOU must be in compliance with the then current System Standards and (ii) the Protected 
Area, as set forth under Section 25, is adjusted in our sole and absolute discretion to reflect the current market 
conditions. Upon termination of such extension, and even if YOU are not in default, YOU must comply with Sections 
9(B), 9(C), and 9(D). 
 
 
(D) 
Early Termination 
 
 
If YOU are in Good Standing, WE grant to YOU the option to terminate this Agreement without cause, 
penalty, or the payment of liquidated damages on the 5th anniversary of the opening of YOUR hotel if YOU provide 
written notice at least six (6) months in advance of termination. 
 
 
