 
 
4 
Rev. 3/23 
planned downtime (for which we will provide you with reasonable notice), or (ii) any 
unavailability caused by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of us or the Service 
Providers, including acts of nature, acts of government, floods, fires, earthquakes, civil 
unrest, acts of terror, strikes or other labor problems, internet service provider failures or 
delays, or denial of service attacks, and (b) provide the Services only in accordance with 
applicable laws and government regulations. 
6.4. Your Responsibilities. You (a) are responsible for compliance with this Agreement by you 
and your employees, (b) are responsible for the accuracy quality and legality of guest 
information and of the means by which you acquire guest information, (c) must prevent 
unauthorized access to or use of the Services, and you must notify us promptly of any 
unauthorized access or use, and (d) must use the Services only in accordance with the 
documentation and applicable laws and government regulations. You cannot (a) make the 
Services available to anyone other than you and your employees, (b) sell, resell, rent or 
lease the Services, (c) use the Services to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or 
otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of 
third-party privacy rights, (d) use the Services to store or transmit malicious code, (e) 
interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Services or third-party data 
contained therein, or (f ) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related 
networks. 
 
7. CONFIDENTIALITY. 
7.1. Definition of Confidential Information. As used in this Agreement, “Confidential 
Information” means all information disclosed by a party (“Disclosing Party”) to another 
party (“Receiving Party”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential 
or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential considering the nature of the 
information and the circumstances of disclosure. Our Confidential Information includes 
the Services, and the provisions of this Agreement, as well as business and marketing 
plans, technology and technical information, product plans and designs, and business 
processes disclosed by such party. Confidential Information does not include any 
information that (a) is or becomes generally known to the public without the violation of 
any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (b) was known to the Receiving Party prior 
to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without the violation of any obligation owed to 
the Disclosing Party, (c) is received from a third party without the violation of any 
obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, or (d) was independently developed by the 
Receiving Party. 
7.2. Protection of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party must (a) use the same degree 
of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information (but, 
in no event, less than reasonable care) (b) not to use any Confidential Information of the 
Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement, and (c) except as 
otherwise authorized by the Disclosing Party, in writing, limit access to Confidential 
Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its, and its affiliates’, employees, 
contractors and agents who need access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and 
who have signed confidentiality agreements with the Receiving Party containing 
protections no less stringent than those in this Agreement. Neither party shall disclose the 
terms of this Agreement to any third party other than its affiliates and their legal counsel 
and accountants without the other party’s prior written consent. 
