13 
My Place Hotels of America, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
Stay Rewarded members earn points based on their spending at franchised hotels. Members can redeem points, 
which the Company tracks on their behalf, for external vendor gift cards. The Company recognizes the deferred 
portion into revenue as the points are redeemed and the Company provides the related award. The amount of 
revenue recognized upon point redemption is impacted by the Company’s estimate of the “breakage” for points 
that members will never redeem. Breakage is estimated based on historical experience, expectations of future 
member behavior, and breakage percentage ranges utilized by other loyalty programs. Since the Company is 
considered the principal with respect to the loyalty program, redemption costs are recorded as an expense on 
the income statement. 
Training Fees 
Training fees are recognized at a point in time, at the conclusion of each day of training, and are payable when 
billed to the customer. 
Franchise Website Fees 
A franchise website fee is charged to each hotel monthly with revenue recognized over time as the franchisee 
receives the benefits from the website services. 
Conference Fees 
The Company’s brand conference is typically provided every 18 to 24 months for franchisees to gather and 
attend educational seminars and brand informational presentations. Conference fees are recognized at a point 
in time, at the conclusion of the event, and are payable when billed to the customer. 
Contract Acquisition Costs 
The Company incurs certain costs to obtain and fulfill contracts with customers. Contract acquisition costs 
consist of sales commissions paid to internal employees, sub-franchise fees, and territorial franchise fee rebates 
paid to non-customers to obtain a new franchise agreement that would have, otherwise, not been incurred if 
the franchise contract was not obtained. As the result of establishing the My Place trademark, the Company has 
entered into an agreement to pay an outside party a sub-franchise fee for each initial franchise sold anywhere in 
the United States after April 2013. The Company has entered into agreements with parties interested in 
developing and promoting the My Place franchise in certain agreed-upon territories. Upon receipt of an initial 
franchise fee in their respective territories, the Company is obligated to pay a franchise fee rebate to the 
developer. These costs are capitalized and amortized to franchise sales expense over the life of the franchise 
agreement, which is normally 20 years.  
Advertising 
The Company expenses advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising, marketing, and promotion expenses 
were $1,192,131, $1,245,882, and $1,073,445 for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, 
respectively. 
