 
18
 
15. 
If you already possess PMS and CRS that are compatible with our System 
Standards, you may not be required to purchase new software and hardware. 
However, if necessary, you must purchase the computer hardware and software 
necessary to operate our cloud-based PMS, CRS, and CRM from us or our affiliate.  
This sum may be paid to us to establish the database and provide access to enable 
your hardware to utilize the PMS, CRS, and CRM. This fee is not refundable. 
 
16. 
We have not operated a Trend and we base these numbers on our experience with 
existing hotel franchise systems. This estimates your initial operating expenses for 
3 months after opening.   
 
17. 
We have compiled the information noted above based on the experience of our 
franchisees in developing and operating hotels throughout the United States.  The 
information provided above may not reflect all of your expenses for opening and 
operating a hotel.  You should review this information carefully with a business 
advisor before making any decision to purchase a franchise. We do not offer direct 
or indirect financing, but we reserve the right to develop financing arrangements for 
leases and installment contracts in the future.  
 
Item 8: 
Restrictions on Sources of Services and Products 
 
You must build, furnish, equip, and supply your Business in accordance with System  
Standards. You can review our specifications for products and services in the System 
Standards manual. We currently require you to obtain liability insurance in the amount of 
$1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate. In addition, we require an 
umbrella policy in an amount equal to or greater than $5,000,000, property insurance, 
worker’s compensation and employer’s liability, employment practice liability insurance, 
automobile liability insurance, and liquor liability insurance (if applicable). Note that these 
amounts and coverage types may change at any time according to System Standards. You 
can purchase other products and services from any approved supplier whose products and 
services equal or exceed our specifications and criteria.   
 
If you believe that you have a product or supplier, which equals or exceeds our performance 
and appearance specifications for any furniture, fixtures, equipment, signage, and other 
goods used to operate your Business, you may seek prior written approval for the substitute 
product or supplier. To seek prior written approval for a substitute product, you must 
submit the specification deviation form along with the manufacturer’s specifications for 
the product, along with any other information that we reasonably request including but not 
limited to product samples. We will review the specifications to determine whether the 
product equals or exceeds our current specifications. Our approval of substitute products 
will not be unreasonably withheld, and you will get our reply within 30 days after our 
