 
32
partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or 
business name, or with modifying words, designs, or symbols, except the ones we license 
to you.  You cannot use our marks in connection with the sale of any unauthorized services 
or products or in any manner not authorized, in writing, by us. You must register your dba 
name as “Trend Hotel and Suites by My Place-[CITY], [STATE]”. 
 
You must immediately notify us when you learn about an infringement of, or challenge to, 
your use of any of our marks.  We will take the action we deem appropriate.  If we believe, 
in our sole discretion, that we can successfully defend you against a claim challenging your 
use of our marks, we will defend you at our expense, and we will control any administrative 
proceedings and litigation involving our mark. If we cannot undertake a successful defense, 
you must operate your franchise under another trade name that we approve; in certain 
circumstances, we may reimburse you for costs incurred by you to operate under a different 
name. 
 
You must modify or discontinue the use of a mark if we modify or discontinue it.  Any 
modification, discontinuance, or change will be at your sole expense.  You must not, 
directly or indirectly, contest our right to use our marks. 
 
There are no agreements that limit our right to use or license the use of our mark to you.  
We have no actual knowledge of any superior prior rights or infringing uses that could 
materially affect your use of our marks. 
 
There are no currently effective material determinations by the trademark administrator of 
any state, or any court, involving our principal service mark.  Also, there is no pending 
infringement, cancellation, or material litigation involving our service mark.  All affidavits 
required to maintain the effectiveness of the mark registration have been filed. 
 
Item 14: Patents, Copyrights, and Proprietary Information 
 
No patents or copyrights are material to the franchise.   
 
Our manuals, audio and video recordings, photographs, CD-ROMs, compact disks, 
electronic files, training materials, methods of operation, information concerning other 
franchisees of the System, and any other information received by, or provided to, you by 
us that is not a part of any public records filed by us, is proprietary information that you 
cannot disclose to any other party. 
 
We can patent, copyright, or otherwise use any concept developed by you (Franchise 
Agreement - Section 5 and 6(C).  Before becoming a franchisee, you have access to the 
Manuals, and other proprietary and confidential information concerning My Place. Since 
that information can be used to compete with us, and our franchisees, you and each of your 
