ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
 
THIS ADDENDUM is incorporated in and made a part of the Franchise Disclosure 
Document for the state of Minnesota. 
 
The Franchise Disclosure Document shall further provide that: 
1. 
In accordance with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.12, Subd. 1(g), the Minnesota 
Department of Commerce requires that we indemnify you against liability to third parties 
resulting from claims by third parties that your use of our trademarks infringes the trademark 
rights of the third parties. We do not indemnify you against the consequences of your use of 
our trademarks except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise, and, as a 
condition to indemnification, you must provide us with notice of any such claim within 10 
days and tender the defense of the claim to us. If we accept the tender of defense, we have 
the right to manage the defense of the claim including the right to compromise, settle, or 
otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the 
claim. 
 
2. 
In accordance with Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, you cannot be required to 
consent to the imposition of liquidated damages, and, we shall only be entitled to seek such 
damages as are allowed pursuant to Minnesota law. 
3. 
In accordance with Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, you cannot be required to 
consent to the granting of an injunction, and, we shall only be entitled to seek an injunction 
pursuant to Minnesota law. Further, a court must determine if a bond is required. 
4. 
In accordance with Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, you cannot be required to 
waive your rights to a jury trial. 
 
5. 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the offering circular 
or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by 
the laws of the jurisdiction. 
6. 
Pursuant to Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400D, you cannot be required to assent to a 
release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed 
by Minnesota Statutes; provided, that this part shall not bar the voluntary settlement of 
disputes. 
