ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON 
 
THIS ADDENDUM is incorporated in and made a part of the Franchise Agreement 
(Agreement) entered into between MY PLACE HOTELS OF AMERICA, LLC, a South 
Dakota limited liability company (“WE”, “US”, “OUR”), 1910 8th Avenue Northeast, Aberdeen, 
South Dakota 57401, and  
 
 ("YOU", 
“YOUR”) 
whose address is  
 and is effective on the date 
specified in section 26 of the Agreement. 
 
The Franchise Agreement is amended and revised as follows: 
 
The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and 
modify the Franchise Disclosure Document, the franchise agreement, and all related 
agreements regardless of anything to the contrary contained therein. This Addendum 
applies if: (a) the offer to sell a franchise is accepted in Washington; (b) the purchaser of 
the franchise is a resident of Washington; and/or (c) the franchised business that is the 
subject of the sale is to be located or operated, wholly or partly, in Washington. 
1. Conﬂict of Laws. In the event of a conﬂict of laws, the provisions of the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will 
prevail. 
 
2. Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the 
franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the 
franchisor, including in the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
There may also be court decisions that supersede the franchise agreement or related 
agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor. Franchise agreement 
provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure 
Document, are subject to state law. 
3. Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation 
involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site 
will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the 
time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator 
at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by 
the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out 
of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
4. General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or 
related agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any 
provision under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules 
or orders thereunder is void except when executed pursuant to a negotiated 
settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by 
independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, any 
such release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a 
franchise is likewise void except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2). 
 
 
