 
 
2 
Rev. 3/23 
3. PAYMENT FOR SERVICES. 
3.1. Service Fees. You must pay us fees for our Services (“Fees”). We may modify the Fees at 
any time, in our sole discretion, by changing the amount of the Fees, by adding or 
removing elements of the Services, or both.  Your obligation to pay us the Fees begins on 
the day that access to the Services is activated for your hotel and is due and payable on 
the first day of each successive month throughout the period that this Agreement is in 
effect. We can apply any amounts received from you to any outstanding billing statements 
in any order. If you do not pay all Fees to us when due, we can withhold delivery of the 
Hardware and installation assistance, suspend the Services (subject to section 3.3 below) 
or terminate this Agreement. Fees begin accruing when the Services go live.   
3.2. Past-due Charges. If any Fees are not received by us by the due date, then, at our option, 
(a) such unpaid Fees can accrue interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) of 
the outstanding balance per month, or the highest rate permitted by law, whichever is 
lower, from the date such payment was due until the date paid, and/or (b) we can condition 
future renewals of the Services on payment terms different than those specified in section 
3.1. 
3.3. Suspension of the Services. If any Fees owed pursuant to this Agreement are thirty (30) 
or more days overdue, we can, without limiting our other rights and remedies, accelerate 
your unpaid Fee obligations so that all such obligations become immediately due and 
payable, and suspend the Services to you until such amounts are paid in full. We will give 
you at least seven (7) days prior notice that your account is overdue, in accordance with 
section 18 (Notices), before suspending the Services. 
3.4. Taxes. The amount of the Fees does not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar 
governmental assessments of any nature, including any sales, use, withholding, or value-
added, taxes assessed by any local, state, provincial, federal or foreign jurisdiction 
(collectively, “Taxes”). You must pay all Taxes associated with your use of the Services. 
If we have the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible 
pursuant to this section, the appropriate amount shall be invoiced to, and paid by, you 
unless you provide us with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate 
taxing authority. We are only responsible for paying taxes assessed on our income and 
property. 
 
4. PROPRIETARY ACCESS INFORMATION. 
4.1. Proprietary Access Information. For the period of the Term (section 15), and subject to 
the Restrictions in section 4.3 and the other provisions in this Agreement, and contingent 
on your continued payment of all Fees, we grant to you a limited, non-transferable, non-
exclusive right, solely for the purposes permitted in this Agreement and as described in 
the Documentation (a) to access the Services solely with the Hardware, or other computer 
hardware, authorized by us, that meets our technical specification requirements, and (b) 
to use the Services. We can audit your records and can at reasonable times enter the system 
to verify your compliance with this Agreement. 
4.2. Title. Title to and ownership of the Services, including all software, training materials, and 
all intellectual property rights, are, and remain, with us or the Service Providers. You must, 
at all times, protect and defend, at your cost and expense, our title and ownership against 
any claims, liens and legal processes initiated by your creditors and other parties, and take 
such steps as may be necessary to prevent any party from acquiring any rights that are 
