 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
6
 
YOU must meet the technological requirements necessary to operate the guest loyalty system.  YOU must 
provide staff fully trained and able to use the guest loyalty system and honor the terms of any discount or promotional 
programs that WE offer to the public on YOUR behalf.  WE reserve the right to modify the terms of the loyalty 
program, at any time, and at OUR sole discretion.  
 
(L) 
Revenue Intelligence Service 
 
 
YOU must pay to US a fee equal to one percent (1%) of YOUR Gross Room Revenue (“Revenue Intelligence 
Service Fee”). WE will bill YOU for the Revenue Intelligence Services monthly, in arrears.  WE reserve the right to 
change the amount of the Revenue Intelligence Service Fee upon one hundred twenty 120 days’ notice to YOU.  The 
Revenue Intelligence Service Fee is a recurring, non-refundable payment which will be accounted for separately from 
OUR general revenue. YOU must honor all program rules, which are System Standards and which WE may change 
from time to time. 
 
 
(M) 
Renewal Fee 
 
 
If YOU meet the criteria to renew and YOU opt to renew this Agreement, YOU must pay to US a Renewal 
Fee, which will be equal to the then-current Application Fee and the then-current Initial Franchise Fee, which is due 
one hundred eighty (180) days prior to expiration of the initial term.  
 
(N) 
Website Fee 
 
 
YOU must use OUR website and pay US a fee (“Website Fee”) in accordance with System Standards. 
 
5. 
OUR OWNERSHIP OF SYSTEM 
 
(A) 
Exclusive Ownership 
 
WE are the exclusive owners of the System, including the names “Trend Hotels and Suites”, “Trend Hotels”, 
“Trend Suites”, and “Trend” used alone, or in association with Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics.  YOU have 
no rights, express or implied, to subfranchise or license others to use any part of the System. 
 
(B) 
Licensing of Marks 
 
WE grant YOU a limited license to use OUR Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics in connection with 
the operation of YOUR hotel in accordance with this Agreement, subject to our prior written approval. 
 
YOU must follow OUR rules when YOU use OUR marks.  YOU cannot use OUR marks as a part of YOUR 
corporate, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or 
business name, or with modifying words, designs, or symbols, except the ones WE license to YOU.  YOU cannot use 
OUR marks in connection with the sale of any unauthorized services or products or in any manner not authorized, in 
writing, by US. 
 
YOU must immediately notify US when YOU learn about an infringement of, or challenge to, YOUR use 
of any of OUR marks.  WE will take the action WE deem appropriate.  If WE believe, in our sole discretion, that 
WE can successfully defend YOU against a claim challenging YOUR use of OUR marks, WE will defend YOU at 
OUR expense, and WE will control any administrative proceedings and litigation involving OUR marks.  If WE 
cannot undertake a successful defense, YOU must operate YOUR franchise under another trade name that WE 
approve; in certain circumstances, WE may reimburse YOU for costs incurred by YOU to operate under a different 
name. 
 
 
YOU must modify or discontinue the use of a mark if WE modify or discontinue it.  Any modification, 
discontinuance, or change will be at YOUR sole expense.  YOU must not, directly or indirectly, contest OUR right 
to use OUR marks. 
 
