 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
14
(N) 
Pre-Termination Options 
 
Prior to the termination of this Agreement, upon YOUR failure to pay any amounts owed to US, or upon 
YOUR failure to comply with any System Standards, WE may, at OUR option: 
 
(1) 
Remove YOUR Business from the central reservation system and any System and internet 
directory;  
 
(2) 
Suspend YOUR access to the central reservation system, property management system, and guest 
loyalty system; 
 
(3) 
Suspend some, or all, franchise services; 
 
(4) 
Suspend YOUR right to use OUR Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics. 
 
OUR actions may continue until YOU have settled YOUR accounts and complied with OUR requirements, 
and WE acknowledge YOUR compliance in writing. 
 
(O) 
Sale of Hotel 
 
Throughout the effective term: 
 
(1) 
YOU cannot discontinue the operation of YOUR Business under OUR Marks and Distinguishing 
Characteristics, nor sell, transfer, or assign, or offer to sell, transfer, or assign, any interest in YOUR 
Business or any part of it, or in YOUR hotel building, equipment, or furnishings, or any interest in 
YOU, without complying with the provisions of Section 17(B) and receiving OUR prior written 
authorization. 
 
(2) 
YOU cannot offer the Business, the hotel building, or any interest in them, or any interest in YOU, 
through public auction, or by advertising in any media, without OUR prior written authorization. 
 
(3) 
Nothing in this Section shall be construed to prevent, delay or otherwise interfere with the sale, or 
confirmation of sale, of YOUR hotel in any mortgage foreclosure proceeding, provided that WE 
receive sixty (60) days prior written notice, and further provided that if the purchaser of YOUR 
hotel, at the foreclosure sale, wishes to continue the hotel’s affiliation with US, the purchaser must 
be approved by US, in accordance with Section 17(B), and must execute the then existing Franchise 
Agreement for a new term.  
 
(P) 
Periodic Refurbishing 
 
YOU must pay all expenses associated with the refurbishment of YOUR hotel which shall be completed at 
the times and in the manner WE require. As new and different competitors of the System enter the marketplace, as 
existing competitors change, and as the needs of guests change, YOU may be required to refurnish, modernize, and 
upgrade YOUR hotel; as a part of that refurbishment, YOU may be required to replace YOUR signs, furniture, 
fixtures, equipment, supplies, stationery, brochures, and sales and promotional materials.   
 
(Q) 
 Manuals 
 
YOU must comply with the requirements specified in OUR System Standards.  WE can amend and modify 
System Standards at any time, in OUR discretion.  Upon the termination or transfer of YOUR Business, YOU must 
certify to US that YOU have deleted or destroyed, in an irreversible manner, all electronic information provided to 
YOU by US.  YOU must also deliver all printed manuals to US upon termination, or transfer, of the franchise.  If 
YOU fail to deliver such certification and any printed manuals to US within thirty (30) days after termination or 
transfer, YOU must pay US a fee of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00).  YOU cannot copy or reproduce any manuals 
without OUR prior written authorization.  The term "manuals" includes written information, audio and video 
