 
28
advertising must be approved by us in writing prior to your use or publication. You 
are prohibited from using any advertising and promotional items that we have not 
previously approved. We do not have an advertising council composed of 
franchisees, but we may consult with the FAC regarding advertising (Franchise 
Agreement – section 7(P)).    We will not use any part of the Fund to directly solicit 
new franchise sales.    
 
(9) 
Provide you with ongoing assistance (Franchise Agreement – section 7(H)). 
 
(10) 
Exercise reasonable efforts to maintain and upgrade all Internet and e-Commerce 
computer software and information technology and systems developed for the 
online reservations interface system, the property management system, and other 
technological assets of the System, in a manner that keeps the System competitive 
with the lodging industry.  All decisions regarding technology improvements and 
upgrades will be made, in our discretion (Franchise Agreement – section 7(K)).  
 
 
(11) 
Strive to establish relationships with suppliers that offer products and services 
related to the operation of your hotel (Franchise Agreement – sections 6(M) and 
7(M)). 
 
(12) 
Keep secret, and not divulge to any party, your proprietary and confidential 
information.  Proprietary and confidential information includes your operational 
data, which are not a part of any public records, and includes customer lists, which 
are deemed to be our joint property, but which will be used by us on a confidential 
basis. We can compile data, customer lists, and information for the benefit of the 
System.  We can also use your operational data, without identifying you, in any 
filings or registrations made by us with governmental and regulatory entities and 
provide the data to third parties to benefit the System (Franchise Agreement – 
section 7(N)). 
 
(13) 
Treat you in the same manner as other similarly situated System franchisees 
operating under similar franchise agreements and conditions (Franchise Agreement 
– section 7(O)).  
 
At the present time, no advertising cooperatives have been established and franchisees are   
not required to participate in local and regional cooperatives. We reserve the right to require 
participation in the future. If a majority of the franchisees, in any advertising area that we 
have designated, vote to engage in cooperative advertising, you, if your Business is located 
in that advertising area, will participate in and pay your reasonably designated share of 
such cooperative advertising (Franchise Agreement – section 6(E)(2)). The franchises in 
the designated advertising area will select the members of the advertising council and the 
