 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
11
(F) 
Identification of Franchise Relationship 
 
(1) 
YOU must display a sign, in an unobstructed and conspicuous location, near the front desk in 
YOUR hotel lobby; the sign must be in a size and style that WE approve per Brand standards, and 
must state, “This facility is independently owned by [Insert YOUR name] and is operated by [Insert 
Management Company, if applicable] pursuant to a Franchise Agreement with My Place Hotels of 
America, LLC.” 
 
 
(2) 
In the use of any mark or distinguishing characteristic on YOUR printed materials and advertising, 
YOU must state, “Each hotel is independently owned and operated”. 
 
(3) 
YOU must inform guests, investors, lenders, offerees of any security, employees, and every other 
party, that no legal relationship exists between YOU and US except that of independent contractors. 
 
(G) 
Business Premises Specifications 
 
(1) 
Prior to the time that YOUR Business initially opens as a part of the System, YOU must construct, 
furnish, and decorate YOUR hotel according to plans and specifications that WE approve. Prior to 
commencing construction, YOU must submit, for OUR written approval, YOUR completed plans 
for constructing, furnishing, arranging, and decorating, as appropriate.  WE can inspect YOUR 
hotel while work is in progress and require alterations or modifications as WE deem reasonably 
necessary.  WE may charge YOU reasonable fees, as set forth in the System Standards, to conduct 
a reinspection due to an unsatisfactory site inspection. Prior to the time that YOUR Business opens 
as a part of the System, WE may inspect the premises to determine compliance with the approved 
plans and specifications; YOUR Business cannot commence operation within the System without 
OUR prior written approval.  
 
(2) 
No part of OUR review or approval of plans and specifications, or inspection, or approval, of the 
hotel facility shall be deemed to be an examination to determine if YOUR plans and specifications, 
or business premises, comply with local, state or federal building codes, the Americans With 
Disabilities Act, as amended, or similar acts, or are sufficient for the protection or safety of the 
public; the review, inspection, and approval are only to determine compliance with OUR minimum 
System Standards with respect to room size, furnishings, fixtures, layout, appearance, and guest 
convenience. 
 
(3) 
No structural change, remodeling, renovation, or reconstruction of YOUR hotel shall commence 
without OUR prior written approval. 
 
(H) 
Inspection of Hotel 
 
YOU must allow US to inspect YOUR hotel to assure compliance with this Agreement and System Standards.  
All manuals furnished to YOU shall be kept, physically or electronically, at YOUR hotel, or any other location that 
WE approve, in writing, and maintained, up to date, as WE make amendments.  The manuals shall be available for 
OUR inspection at all reasonable times. If requested by US, YOU must provide OUR representatives with 
complimentary lodging during any inspection.  YOU must pay US a reasonable fee, as set forth in the System 
Standards, to reinspect YOUR hotel if YOUR hotel receives an unsatisfactory Quality Assurance evaluation. WE 
reserve the right to use guest surveys during inspections and any Quality Assurance evaluation. 
 
(I) 
Opening YOUR Hotel 
 
(1) 
YOU agree to perform or cause to be completed any hotel improvements in accordance with this 
Agreement, the approved designs and plans, and System Standards. YOU are responsible for all 
costs for any hotel improvements. YOU must receive OUR express written consent to open YOUR 
business pursuant to the following: 
 
