 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
2
(D) 
Conversion Date 
 
 
“Conversion Date” means the date My Place Hotels of America, LLC approves YOU to operate under the 
System.  
 
(E) 
Franchise 
 
 
"Franchise" means the cumulative group of rights granted to and obligations incurred by YOU, pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
 
(F)  
Franchisee 
 
“Franchisee” means the person or entity granted the franchise rights pursuant to this Agreement.   
 
(G) 
Franchise Advisory Council 
 
 
“Franchise Advisory Council” (“FAC”) means individuals with experience in the lodging industry and 
System franchisees appointed for the purpose of consulting with US regarding matters of importance to the System.   
 
(H) 
Franchisor 
 
The terms “OUR”, “US”, and “WE”, mean the franchisor, MY PLACE HOTELS OF AMERICA, LLC, 
which grants YOU the franchise. 
 
(I)       Good Standing 
 
 
“Good Standing” means that YOU have complied with all of YOUR obligations pursuant to this Agreement 
and OUR System Standards, or YOU have cured any defaults in compliance with this Agreement. 
 
(J)  
Gross Room Revenue 
 
 
“Gross Room Revenue” means all receipts, collected or uncollected, directly or indirectly attributable to the 
use, occupancy, or rental of guest rooms, including barter, credit card transactions (before commissions and discounts), 
redemption of points or rewards under loyalty programs, and the proceeds of use and occupancy, business interruption, 
rent loss, or similar insurance. 
 
(K) 
Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics 
 
 
“Marks and/or Distinguishing Characteristics” mean any trademarks, service marks, copyrights, signs, 
slogans, logos, emblems, trade dress, and other distinguishing characteristics, registered and unregistered, which WE 
develop, at any time, whether now or in the future, related to the Brand. 
 
(L) 
Section(s) 
 
“Section” or "Sections" mean the designated parts and subparts of this Agreement. 
 
(M) 
   System 
 
"System" means the cumulative group of franchises operating pursuant to OUR franchise agreement and OUR 
System Standards related to the Brand. 
 
(N) 
System Standards 
 
 
“System Standards” mean OUR methods, procedures, and requirements related to the operation and 
management of YOUR Business under the System, as initially developed and instituted, or later modified.  WE retain 
the right to develop, institute, modify, and enforce System Standards in OUR discretion for the benefit of the System.  
