 
29
advertising council will have decision making power. We have the right to change or 
dissolve the council should an advertising council be established. 
 
We may provide, and you must participate in, marketing programs and activities that are 
not funded by the Fund, such as email marketing, internet search engine marketing, 
transaction-based paid internet searches, sales lead referrals and bookings, cooperative 
advertising programs, travel agency programs, incentive awards, gift cards, guest 
satisfaction programs, complaint resolutions and loyalty programs. These programs may 
vary in duration, and apply on a local, regional, national, continental, international, or 
category basis. 
 
The site for your hotel must be within your Protected Area.  While we do not select or 
acquire your site, we will provide reasonable assistance, in accordance with our System 
Standards, to help you evaluate the proposed site.  We may make an inspection of the site 
and the surrounding area.  We reserve the right to disapprove a site if it is in proximity to 
another business activity, or governmental activity, that would be detrimental to the System 
by creating a negative public impression; therefore, if we disapprove a site, a franchise will 
not be approved.  As an example, if a potential site is located in an area close to industries 
that emit offensive odors or dust, we have the right to disapprove the site, in our sole 
discretion.  There is no time limit for how soon after you submit a Franchise Application 
that we must approve or reject the proposed site. We will approve or disapprove the site 
prior to completing the sale of the franchise. The consequence of not agreeing on a site is 
that we will not sell you a franchise. We will not enter into a Franchise Agreement with 
you unless your site is approved. In regard to area developers, we will need to approve the 
location of future units and any territories for those units using our then-current standards 
for sites and territories. Conforming the site to federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, 
and building codes and obtaining required permits (e.g. health, sanitation, building, 
driveway, utility, and sign permits, etc.) is your responsibility. You must convert and 
furnish the property according to System Standards. 
 
We do not provide necessary supplies; however, we will provide the name of approved 
suppliers. We do provide specifications for these items, but we do not deliver or install 
them. 
 
The typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement, and the 
opening of the hotel from the conversion of an existing property, will be approximately 60 
days. Local governmental requirements and weather conditions will significantly influence 
the length of time that it will take to convert your hotel to System Standards.  Your ability 
to obtain financing and building permits, and deal with delayed installation, and shortages 
of equipment, fixtures, and signs will also influence the length of time it will take for you 
to open your hotel.   
 
