 
16
4. 
We have not converted an existing hotel to a Trend. Therefore, we do not have an 
actual construction cost based on first-hand experience of converting a hotel into a 
Trend. This amount is estimated from our understanding of industry averages and 
our experience of developing and franchising hotels. You will need to develop your 
own plans in compliance with our standards and requirements and you will need to 
hire architects and engineers to adapt the plans for compliance with code and zoning 
requirements.  Also, every hotel development project requires engineering services 
based upon the unique characteristics of the site. This fee may or may not be 
refundable as it is paid by you to the architect and engineer. 
 
5. 
Preconstruction costs will vary, if any, based upon the unique characteristics of the 
property. This may include construction loan interest payments, accounting fees, 
developer fees, and other miscellaneous expenses incurred throughout the 
construction process. This fee is not paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
6. 
The costs of materials, the cost of labor, and other factors affected by local 
conditions, as well as the design of your building, will affect your conversion costs. 
This fee is not paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
7. 
Because land costs vary significantly across different markets within the United 
States and because each franchisee will have its own circumstances regarding their 
conversion of their existing hotel to Trend, it is not possible for us to estimate the 
amount required to purchase or lease land for your hotel. A Trend hotel can range 
in size and be located anywhere a current hotel exists. Your real property may be 
purchased or leased. Additionally, land cost varies whether the hotel is located in a 
rural market, downtown market, or along an interstate highway; all are typical 
locations for a hotel. The typical Trend hotel contains various units, various square 
feet and requires may be located on various acres of real property depending on the 
dimensions and location of the real property. This fee is not paid to us and may or 
may not be refundable.  
 
8. 
This amount depends on the existing age, condition, and amenities provided within 
the hotel prior to conversion. This estimate includes room furnishings such as bed 
frames, mattresses and box springs, refrigerators, microwave ovens, electric 
cooktops, case goods, upholstered furniture, lighting fixtures, artwork, mirrors, 
televisions, phones, internet equipment, closed circuit television, interior signage 
and drapes. This fee is not paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
9. 
You must comply with our requirements for insurance as provided in accordance 
with System Standards.  We currently require you to obtain liability insurance in the 
amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate. In addition, 
we require an umbrella policy in an amount equal to or greater than $5,000,000, 
