 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
13
requirements in the System Standards and may also require YOU to obtain additional types of 
insurance or increase the amount of coverages. All insurance will by endorsement specifically: 
 
(a) 
Name as unrestricted additional insureds, on a primary non-contributory basis, US, and any 
Affiliate designated by US and their employees and agents (except for workers’ 
compensation and fidelity insurance); 
(b) 
Provide that the coverages will be primary and that any insurance carried by any additional 
insured will be excess and non-contributory; 
(c) 
Contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of US or any Affiliate of OURS; and 
(d) 
Provide that the policies will not be canceled, non-renewed or reduced without at least 30 
days’ prior notice to Franchisor. 
 
(3) 
YOU will deliver to US a certificate of insurance (and certified copy of such insurance policy if 
requested) evidencing the insurance required. Renewal certificates of insurance will be delivered to 
US not less than 10 days before their respective inception dates. If YOU fail to procure or maintain 
the required insurance, WE have the right and authority to procure (without any obligation to do so) 
such insurance at YOUR cost, including a reasonable fee for OUR procurement and maintenance 
of such insurance. If YOU delegate YOUR insurance obligations to any other Person, YOU will 
ensure that such Person satisfies such obligations. Such delegation will not relieve YOU of YOUR 
obligation under this Section 6 (J) and the System Standards. Any failure to satisfy the insurance 
requirements is a default under this Agreement. YOU will cooperate with US in pursuing any claim 
under insurance required by this Agreement. 
 
(K) 
Operating Reports 
 
(1) 
All reports must be received by US by the third (3rd) day of each month.  Reports must be in the 
form that WE specify.  Reporting must be completed using paper forms, electronic reporting, or 
both, as WE require.   
 
   
(2)   
All financial reports must substantially comply with generally accepted accounting principles 
(GAAP) consistently applied, on forms, or in a format, approved by US.     
 
(3)  
YOU must deliver to US any other reports and information WE reasonably request and in the form 
and manner that WE prescribe. 
 
(L) 
On-Premises Advertising 
 
(1) 
YOU cannot use, advertise, or display the names, service marks, trademarks, or distinguishing 
characteristics of any business other than System franchises, except as WE may approve in writing. 
 
(2) 
YOU must display all advertising and promotional programs that WE require, and display 
advertising for services and products as WE require. 
 
(M) 
System Quality 
 
  
(1) 
To preserve System uniformity, YOU must comply with OUR System Standards for providing 
lodging services to the public.  
  
   
(2) 
YOU must purchase signs, furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies, products, and services, which 
equal, or exceed, OUR System Standards. Purchases of signs, furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
supplies, products, and services must be made from vendors that comply with OUR System 
Standards and have been approved by US.  
 
 
 
 
