 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
4
4. 
INITIAL AND RECURRING FEES 
 
(A) 
Initial Franchise Fee 
 
When YOU sign this Agreement, YOU must pay US a sum of Forty-Five Thousand Dollars ($45,000.00) 
which constitutes the fee for the initial grant of the franchise, including the goodwill, rights, and protection granted to 
YOU in the Protected Area (“Initial Franchise Fee”).  
 
(B) 
Royalty Fees 
 
Within thirty (30) days after the date of the billing statement, starting with the first (1st) full calendar month 
after the month that YOUR Business begins operating as a System franchise, and continuing throughout the effective 
term of this Agreement, YOU must pay US a recurring fee, delivered to OUR address or any other place WE 
designate, equal to a percentage of YOUR Gross Room Revenue (“Royalty Fee”). 
 
Beginning with the Conversion Date of YOUR hotel, YOU must pay US zero percent (0%) of YOUR Gross Room 
Revenue for 30 calendar days, two and one-half percent (2.5%) of YOUR Gross Room Revenue beginning on day 31 
of operation until day 90, four percent (4.0%) of YOUR Gross Room Revenue beginning on day 91 of operation until 
day 180, and five percent (5%) of YOUR Gross Room Revenue thereafter for the remaining term of your franchise 
agreement. If YOU purchase or otherwise acquire a Trend hotel which is or has ever been open and offering lodging 
(hotel) services to the public, YOU must pay US a recurring Royalty Fee equal to five percent (5.00%) of YOUR 
Gross Room Revenue. 
 
(C) 
Marketing and Advertising Fund Fee 
 
  
YOU must pay US a fee equal to two and one-half percent (2.5%) of YOUR monthly Gross Room Revenue 
(“Marketing and Advertising Fund Fee”). The Marketing and Advertising Fund Fee is a recurring, non-refundable, 
monthly payment which will be accounted for separately from OUR general revenue.  No requirement exists that all 
or any part of the Marketing and Advertising Fund be disbursed within any accounting period; any marketing 
placement shall be at OUR sole discretion, as provided in Section 7(G).  WE do not ensure that YOU benefit directly, 
or on a proportional basis, from any marketing. WE will utilize the Marketing and Advertising Fund to advertise, 
promote, conduct market research, loyalty programs, and other marketing programs for the benefit of System hotels 
and our affiliate operating other brands including My Place Hotels. YOU must pay for all of YOUR local marketing 
and advertising, and those payments cannot be credited against or deducted from the monies due to the Marketing and 
Advertising Fund. WE may create programs and allocate monies generated from the Marketing and Advertising Fund 
in our sole and absolute discretion. All sums paid by YOU into the Marketing and Advertising Fund will be combined 
with sums paid by all System franchisees.  
 
(D) 
Additional Reservation Fees 
 
 
YOU must participate in any program, procedure, or process used by OUR central reservation system. YOU 
must pay applicable fees and commissions for the services provided; further, YOU must pay all applicable fees and 
commissions owed to travel agents using OUR central reservation system.  WE may pay these sums on YOUR behalf, 
or YOU may be billed directly; YOU must reimburse US for all payments made on YOUR behalf, plus a reasonable 
processing fee for each transaction; the amount of the processing fee shall be determined in OUR sole discretion.  
YOU must pay US within thirty (30) days after the date of OUR billing statement.   
 
(E) 
Late Fees and Dishonored Checks 
 
If YOUR payments, or YOUR reports, are received later than thirty (30) days after the date on the statement 
or as required, WE may charge YOU a late fee of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00) (“Late Fee”) to cover OUR costs 
for handling delinquent payments and reports.  The Late Fee applies to each late payment and each late report.  If 
transmitted by mail, the postmark on the envelopes which contain YOUR payments and reports, dated at least three 
(3) days before the due date, shall be conclusive proof regarding YOUR compliance with this Section. 
 
