 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
24
12. 
REMEDIES 
 
Whenever WE have no adequate remedy at law and shall suffer immediate and irreparable harm for a violation 
of this Agreement, WE are entitled to injunctive and equitable relief and any other relief deemed appropriate by a 
court.  
 
13. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
 
The relationship between US and YOU is that of independent contractors.  WE and YOU are independent 
entities, and are not partners, joint venturers, or agents of the other, and neither has the power to obligate the other in 
any way.  YOU are not OUR employee, and no fiduciary relationship exists between US and YOU.  YOU 
acknowledge that WE have no control over YOUR employees or YOUR Business, except to the limited extent 
required pursuant to this Agreement.  YOU must clearly represent to YOUR employees, and third parties, that YOU 
are independent of US, and YOU must take any further action, reasonably required by US, to advise parties of the 
independent contractor relationship. 
 
14. 
REGISTERED USER AND ASSUMED NAMES 
 
(A)  
WE Are Owner of System 
 
At OUR request, YOU must promptly execute and deliver to US appropriate applications, declarations, or 
agreements naming US as the owner of the System and YOU as an authorized user of the System, and execute and 
deliver any other documents WE reasonably request. 
 
(B)  
Registration of Name 
 
YOU must make any application WE require for an assumed name, business name, corporate name, or other 
appropriate registration and maintain the registration.  Such a registration shall not, in any way, vest in YOU any 
interest in the System or OUR Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics, and YOU shall, at OUR request, promptly 
assign any registration to US, or cancel it, as WE direct. 
 
Where applicable law requires the registration of a fictitious, trade, doing business as, or assumed business 
name, YOU must register such name using the following format: “Trend Hotel and Suites by My Place–[CITY], 
[STATE]”.  
 
15. 
CURRENCY AND TAXES 
 
All money due to US shall be paid in United States funds, free of all taxes, duties, and imposts of any kind by 
any government or political subdivision.  If any taxes, duties, or impositions shall be payable on any fees owed to US, 
YOU, at YOUR expense, shall take all action necessary to claim and obtain an exemption from, or refund of, such 
taxes, duties, and impositions.  Where the failure to remit payment is not caused by YOU, but by restrictions upon the 
transfer of funds or currency imposed by law, YOU shall advise US of such restrictions and shall, upon OUR direction, 
deposit payments to OUR credit in a bank in a jurisdiction where the transfer of funds or currency is not blocked; or 
YOU shall take such other action as WE request to effect payment. 
 
16. 
FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS RECORDS 
 
(A)  
Required Financial Records 
 
YOU must, within thirty (30) days after the close of each quarter, deliver to US, in the form approved by US, 
YOUR financial records including balance sheets, profit and loss statements, cash flow statements, bank statements, 
daily reports, register tapes, tax returns related to the revenue derived from the operation of YOUR Business (including 
all schedules), government reports, and any other reports WE require. YOUR financial records must be prepared 
