 
31
franchises. You are not required to achieve a certain sales volume, market penetration, or 
other contingency to retain the exclusivity of your Protected Area.    
 
You are not restricted from soliciting or accepting hotel reservations from consumers 
outside of your Protected Area. You have the right to use other channels of distribution, 
such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to accept hotel 
reservations from consumers outside of your Protected Area. We will not develop or 
franchise any additional Trend outlets in your Protected Area, but we and our affiliates 
reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, 
telemarking, or other direct marketing sales, to make sales within your Protected Area 
using our principal trademarks or different trademarks.  We will not pay you any 
compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside your Protected Area. We and our 
affiliates have the right to engage in any business of any nature, including any competing 
brands in the lodging or hospitality industry. In section 2(B) of the Franchise Agreement, 
we reserve the right to franchise different systems, and methods of distribution and 
operation, within your Protected Area.  
 
We have established a franchise under a different trademark, MY PLACE®. My Place 
offers a different lodging system, operation, and procedures. We may sell a My Place 
franchise within your Protected Area. My Place is currently being offered to potential 
franchisees. There is no mechanism for resolving conflicts that may arise between your 
hotel and franchised or company-owned outlets. Any resolution of conflicts regarding 
location, customers, support or services will be entirely within our business judgment. We 
plan to maintain the same offices and training facilities for the similar competing franchise, 
My Place.  
Item 13: Trademarks 
 
The following principal trademarks may be licensed to you to use on a limited basis. 
“Principal trademark” means primary trademarks, service marks, names, logos, and 
commercial symbols you will use to identify the franchised business.  
 
Mark 
Number 
Date  
Register 
TREND HOTELS® 
6,603,316 
12/28/2021 
Principal 
TREND® 
6,598,623 
12/21/2021 
Principal 
 
You must follow our rules when you use our marks, which may change from time to time. 
You cannot use any of our marks as a part of your corporate, partnership, limited 
