12 
My Place Hotels of America, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
Development Fees 
Development fees represent a nonrefundable fee charged to a franchise developer for the opportunity to 
purchase franchises in a certain geographical area at a reduced franchise fee. The development fees are 
considered highly dependent upon, and interrelated with, the performance obligations of the franchise right 
granted in the franchise agreement. As such, the development fees are deferred and recognized as franchise fee 
revenue on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the individual franchise agreements, generally 20 
years. 
Royalty Fees 
The Company’s royalty fees are earned in exchange for providing access to the Company’s IP and are based on a 
percentage of the franchisee’s gross room revenue, which varies with the changes in occupancy rates. Royalty 
fees are not charged to franchisees until their occupancy reaches the level specified in each franchise 
agreement. Fees are generally payable on a monthly basis as the franchisees derive value from access to the 
Company’s IP. Royalty fees are variable, sales-based fees and are recognized over time as services are rendered. 
Marketing Fees 
The Company’s marketing fees are earned in exchange for providing access to the Company’s IP and are based 
on a percentage of the franchisee’s gross room revenue, which varies with the changes in occupancy rates. 
Marketing fees are charged based on a fixed percentage of the monthly gross room revenue upon the hotel 
opening. Fees are generally payable monthly as the franchisees derive value from access to the Company’s IP 
and are to be used by the Company for specified marketing and reservation-related expenditures. The Company 
recognizes a portion of marketing fee revenue for the performance obligation over time to the franchisee under 
the variable, sales-based royalty criteria, with the remaining portion related to the performance obligation 
deferred until any surplus marketing fees are spent in the subsequent period, at which time the deferred 
portion is recognized into revenue. 
The Company also provides additional marketing services at the request of the franchisee. These additional 
services are charged to hotels monthly with revenue recognized over time as the franchisee receives the 
benefits from the additional marketing services.  
Loyalty Program Fees 
Stay Rewarded is the Company’s guest loyalty program provided to franchised hotels and their customers. A 
loyalty program fee is charged to all franchisees based on a fixed percentage of the franchisee’s gross room 
revenue and is payable on a monthly basis. The Company recognizes a portion of loyalty program revenue for 
the performance obligation over time to the franchisee under the variable, sales-based royalty criteria, with the 
remaining portion related to the performance obligation to provide awards to Stay Rewarded members deferred 
until program benefits are redeemed by the Stay Rewarded member or expire.  
