 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
10
that will clearly avoid any possible confusion between YOUR Business and any claimant, subject 
to OUR approval of such name or use; WE can defend claims as WE deem appropriate. 
 
(4) 
Inform US of any known or suspected infringement, by others, of the Marks or Distinguishing 
Characteristics; if reasonably defensible, WE will defend the System against limitations or 
infringements on OUR Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics, protected by law.   
 
(5) 
Not use the Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics as a part of the name of YOUR corporation, 
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture 
or other entity. 
 
(6) 
Not use the Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics, or identify the System, in any private or public 
investment offering without OUR prior written authorization. 
 
(7) 
Not use the Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics, or identify the System, with any service or 
product not approved by US, in writing. 
 
(8) 
Make every effort to protect and maintain the Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics. 
 
(9) 
YOU hereby permanently and irrevocably assign to US any and all rights and interests (including 
intellectual property rights and interests) to any and all of the following which is developed by YOU, 
or on behalf of YOU, if developed in whole or in part in connection with YOUR hotel: all products 
and services, all variations, modifications and/or product improvements on products or services, 
YOUR means, manner, and style of offering and selling products and services, management 
techniques or protocols YOU may develop or have developed on YOUR behalf; all sales, 
marketing, advertising, and promotional programs, campaigns, or materials developed by YOU or 
on YOUR behalf; and all other intellectual property developed by YOU, or behalf of YOU, in 
connection with YOUR hotel. WE are permitted to make use and exploit any rights assigned 
hereunder. WE may further assign such rights to affiliates or third parties. The sole consideration 
for YOUR assignment to US of the foregoing rights is the grant of the franchise conferred upon 
YOU by this Agreement. 
 
(D) 
Convention 
 
YOU, or a designated representative, must attend any franchisee/owner’s conventions WE sponsor 
(“Convention”), and pay OUR then-current Convention registration fee, which WE will bill to YOU.  YOU 
are responsible for YOUR own travel, lodging, meals, and miscellaneous expenses.  YOU must preregister 
and pay the Convention registration fee before the date of the Convention.   
 
(E) 
Advertising 
 
YOU must: 
 
(1) 
Advertise and promote YOUR Business. 
 
(2) 
Participate in and pay YOUR reasonably designated share for cooperative advertising agreed upon 
by the majority of the franchises in any advertising market area that WE designate.   
 
 
(3)  
Use only advertising and promotional materials that WE provide or authorize; any other advertising 
or promotional materials must be approved by US, in writing, prior to YOUR use or publication. 
 
 
