 
17
property insurance, worker’s compensation and employer’s liability, employment 
practice liability insurance, automobile liability insurance, cyber coverage, and 
liquor liability insurance (if applicable).  Note that these amounts and coverage 
types may change at any time according to System Standards. Insurance premiums 
vary depending upon factors such as the jurisdiction in which your hotel is located, 
loss history, the location of your hotel, the size and design of your hotel, payroll 
size, and other factors. This fee is not paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
10. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your hotel will vary depending 
upon the state, county, or other political subdivision in which your hotel is located.  
The security deposits you must pay to utilities, lessors, and vendors or suppliers of 
products or services, will vary depending on the location of your hotel and your 
financial strength. This fee is not paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
11. 
These expenses are not required, but advertising and marketing prior to re-opening 
your hotel are strongly recommended to ensure your hotel is properly positioned in 
the local market. The expenses may include pre-opening advertising such as direct 
mail, newspaper advertising, digital advertising and billboards. This fee is not paid 
to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
12. 
These expenses include bath linens, bed linens, cleaning and maintenance supplies, 
laundry supplies, and accounting and stationery supplies.  This fee is not paid to us 
and may or may not be refundable. 
 
13. 
If it is determined necessary to attend additional training at My Place University® 
in Aberdeen, South Dakota, you will incur expenses for lodging, food, and personal 
items during the training period.  For any training that we provide at your hotel, you 
will have less expense for lodging, food, and personal expenses; if we provide 
training at another hotel, you will also incur expenses for lodging, food, and 
personal items. The amounts that you spend for travel will vary depending on 
whether you drive or fly to the training.  If you also have employees trained, you 
will have employment related expenses which we cannot estimate. This fee is not 
paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
 
14. 
You must purchase  primary identification signage for your hotel.  Your hotel must 
be easily identified; therefore, the primary sign and building script signs must be 
illuminated 24 hours a day. You must adhere to the System Standards regarding 
signage. You may also need to purchase directional signs, and other signage, to get 
sufficient visual exposure for your hotel. Costs for the pole, foundation, freight, and 
installation will depend upon site location, local market conditions, and the height 
of your sign.  The cost for any other signage will depend upon your desires and 
needs. This fee is not paid to us and may or may not be refundable. 
