 
 
10 
Rev. 3/23 
embed within the Services various security devices that will render the Services unusable 
and the data stored by the Services inaccessible if this Agreement terminates. 
 
17. FORCE MAJEURE. 
17.1. If performance by you or us is delayed or prevented (excluding the obligation to make 
payments pursuant to this Agreement) because of strikes, inability to procure labor or 
materials, defaults of suppliers or subcontractors, delays or shortages of transportation, 
failure of power or communications systems, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, 
weather conditions, or other reasons beyond the reasonable control of the affected party, 
then performance of such acts will be excused and the period for performance will be 
extended for a period equivalent to the period of such delay. 
 
18. NOTICES. 
18.1. Any notice required or permitted to be given by any party to the other shall be given in 
writing and shall be (a) hand delivered to the receiving party (or any officer of the 
receiving party), or (b) mailed by United States Postal Service certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, or (c) shipped with a nationally recognized overnight delivery 
service, or (d) transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail (e-mail). Notices shall be 
effective on the date of receipt. Notices shall be deemed to be received on the same day 
as delivered or transmitted with respect to hand delivery or facsimile or e-mail 
transmission, or on the first business day after the date shipped with respect to delivery by 
overnight delivery service, or on the fourth business day after the date sent with respect to 
delivery by certified mail. 
 
19. CHANGE OF SERVICE PROVIDER. 
19.1. We reserve the right to change Service Providers at any time at our sole discretion.  To the 
extent that the provisions of this Agreement are consistent with the terms of any business 
relationship established by us with a Service Provider, the provisions of this Agreement 
shall continue in full force and effect. You must execute any addendum to this Agreement 
which relates to the services of another Service Provider. 
 
20. MISCELLANEOUS. 
20.1. Integration. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between 
the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any prior 
oral or written agreements or representations between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter; it may not be altered or amended except with an agreement, in writing, 
signed by both parties. 
20.2. Your Forms. We are not bound by the terms of any purchase order forms, or notices of 
acceptance, delivered by you which attempt to impose any conditions which are different 
than the provisions in this Agreement or our invoices, standards manuals or technical 
specifications. Our failure to object to any provision contained in your printed forms is 
not a waiver of any provision of this Agreement. 
20.3. No Third Party Beneficiary. The Agreement is intended for the sole benefit and 
protection of the named parties, their successors and permitted assigns, and no other 
persons or entities shall have any cause of action or right to payments made or received 
herein except the Service Providers. 
