 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
1
Exhibit F 
 
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR 
TREND HOTELS AND SUITES BY MY PLACE 
 
 
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into between MY PLACE HOTELS OF 
AMERICA, LLC, a South Dakota limited liability company, ("OUR", "US", “WE") whose address is 1910 8th 
Avenue Northeast, Aberdeen, South Dakota 57401, and YOU, whose name and address are specified in Section 23 of 
this Agreement and ownership structure is represented on Schedule 1; this Agreement is effective on the date specified 
in Section 26 (“Effective Date”). 
 
The parties acknowledge the following facts: 
 
WE are the owner of the Trend Hotels and Suites by My Place franchise system (“System”) through which 
independently owned and operated businesses offer and sell lodging services to the public. We grant licenses to operate 
under the System as provided under this Agreement. 
 
The System provides uniform methods of operation, using the distinctive service Marks and other 
Distinguishing Characteristics, designed and developed by US.  WE may develop additional, or different, services, 
and marks for the System.  All franchisees must comply with the standards, specifications, methods, procedures, and 
techniques WE have established (all of which may be changed, improved, and further developed by US). 
 
WE have the exclusive right to license the System through the granting of franchises. 
 
YOU have independently evaluated and investigated the risks of investing in the hotel industry, generally, 
and purchasing a System franchise, specifically, including factors such as current and potential market conditions, 
owning a franchise, and appropriate competitive factors.  Based on YOUR investigation, and determining that YOU 
can derive benefits from being associated with the System, YOU desire to acquire a franchise to use the System, and 
WE agree to grant YOU a franchise to use the System, governed by the provisions in this Agreement. 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
 
The definitions in this Section apply to only a few of the terms used in this Agreement.  This Section is not 
intended to be all-inclusive, and terms, not specifically defined, shall be given their usual and customary meaning in 
accordance with the context of this Agreement. 
 
(A) 
Average Occupancy  
 
 
“Average Occupancy” means the total number of guest rooms occupied in YOUR hotel for a specified period 
of days divided by the cumulative total number of guest rooms in YOUR hotel each day during the same specified 
period. 
 
(B) 
Business 
 
"Business" means the offer and sale of lodging (hotel) services to the public, and associated commercial 
activities conducted by YOU, in accordance with the System Standards. 
 
(C) 
Brand 
 
“Brand” means the brand name “Trend Hotels and Suites by My Place”. 
 
 
 
