11 
My Place Hotels of America, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
Intangible Assets – Trademarks 
The Company’s trademarks represent intangible assets with infinite lives valued at the total cost of developing 
the trademarks. The trademarks are not amortized; rather, potential impairment is considered on an annual 
basis, or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount of the trademarks is greater than its fair value. As of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the carrying 
value of the Company’s trademarks was not considered impaired. 
Leases 
The Company recognizes right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities for any lease contracts with terms greater 
than 12 months. Operating lease costs are recognized in the income statement as a single lease cost and finance 
lease costs are recognized in two components, interest expense, and amortization expense. ROU assets from 
finance leases are amortized on the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or their respective 
estimated useful lives, unless the Company takes ownership of the asset at the end of the lease, in which case 
the ROU asset is amortized over its economic life.  
The Company has elected the short-term lease exemption for all leases with a term of 12 months or less for both 
existing and ongoing operating leases to not recognize the asset and liability for these leases. Lease payments 
for short-term leases are recognized on straight-line basis.  
Effective January 1, 2023, the Company elected to apply the practical expedient to use the written terms and 
conditions of common-control arrangements in determining whether a lease exists, the classification of the 
lease, and the accounting for the lease. 
Revenue Recognition 
Revenues are primarily derived from the services provided to third party hotel owners (franchisees) and, 
generally, are recognized when the service has transferred to the customer. Taxes assessed by a governmental 
authority that are both imposed on, and concurrent with, a specific revenue-producing transaction, that are 
collected by the Company from a customer, are excluded from revenue. FASB Accounting Standards Codification 
(ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) requires revenue recognition to depict the 
transfer of promised goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be 
received in exchange for those goods or services.  
Franchise Fees 
Initial franchise fees are considered highly dependent upon, and interrelated with, the franchise right or 
intellectual property (IP) granted in the franchise agreement. Initial application fees are fixed consideration 
payable upon submission of a franchise application and are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over 
the contractual term of the individual franchise agreements, generally 20 years for My Place and 10 years for 
Trend, and are reduced by any consideration paid to customers. 
