ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
 
 
THIS ADDENDUM is incorporated in and made a part of the Franchise Agreement 
(Agreement) entered into between MY PLACE HOTELS OF AMERICA, LLC, a South Dakota 
limited liability company (“WE”, “US”, “OUR”), 1910 8th Avenue Northeast, Aberdeen, South 
Dakota 57401, and  
 
("YOU", “YOUR”) whose address is  
 
 
 and is effective on the date 
specified in section 26 of the Agreement. 
 
The Franchise Agreement is amended and revised as follows: 
1. 
In accordance with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.12, Subd. 1(g), Sections 5(B), 6(B), 
6(C), 7(F), 7(L), and 9(C) are, to the extent appropriate, amended to provide that the 
Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that WE indemnify YOU against liability to 
third parties resulting from claims by third parties that YOUR use of the trademarks of My 
Place infringes the trademark rights of the third parties. WE do not indemnify against the 
consequences of YOUR use of the trademarks of My Place except in accordance with the 
requirements of the franchise, and, as a condition to indemnification, YOU must provide 
US with notice of any such claim within 10 days and tender the defense of the claim to US. 
If WE accept the tender of the defense, WE have the right to manage the defense of the 
claim including the right to compromise, settle, or otherwise resolve the claim, and to 
determine whether to appeal any final determination of the claim. 
2. 
In accordance with Minn. Rule Part 2860.440J, Section 8(B) shall further 
provide that YOU have not consented to the imposition of liquidated damages, but, WE 
can seek such damages as are allowed pursuant to Minnesota law. 
3. 
In accordance with Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, Section 12 shall further 
provide that YOU have not consented to the granting of an injunction, but WE can seek an 
injunction pursuant to Minnesota law. A court must determine if a bond is required. 
 
4. 
In accordance with Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, WE cannot require YOU to 
waive YOUR rights to a jury trial. 
5. 
In accordance with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, Subd. 5, no action may be 
commenced more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues. 
 
 
