 
 
9 
Rev. 3/23 
authority) any claim shall be limited to the total amount previously paid by you to us for 
the Services. The above limitations on liability apply regardless of the form of action, 
whether in contract, tort, or otherwise. This paragraph survives the termination of this 
Agreement. 
 
15. TERM. 
15.1. The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the date that this Agreement is executed by 
you and us and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or termination of 
your Franchise Agreement, unless the Term is earlier terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement. 
 
16. TERMINATION AND OTHER REMEDIES. 
16.1. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we can immediately terminate this Agreement 
if: (a) you fail to make any payment when due pursuant to this Agreement or your 
Franchise Agreement and such failure continues uncured for a period of thirty (30) days; 
(b) you violate the privacy, security or confidentiality obligations set forth in this 
Agreement, (c) you violate any other covenant, warranty or agreement pursuant to this 
Agreement, your Franchise Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us or any 
affiliate and such violation continues for a period of thirty (30) days after you have 
received written notice of such violation; (d) the Services become inoperable as a direct 
or indirect result of your act or omission, or (e) your Franchise Agreement expires or 
terminates for any reason. 
16.2. In addition to the right to terminate this Agreement, we can suspend your access to the 
Services upon the occurrence of any violation of your obligations in this Agreement, your 
Franchise Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us, until your violation is 
cured and you have agreed in writing to engage in no conduct that will cause a repeat 
violation to occur. If you violate such a restoration agreement, we can suspend or terminate 
your access to the Services permanently or for an indefinite period. Because we continue 
to incur costs on your behalf, you must continue to pay us all Fees associated with the 
Services and the sums owed pursuant to the Franchise Agreement during the suspension 
period. 
16.3. We can terminate this Agreement for any reason, at any time, provided that (a) we provide 
you with not less than sixty (60) day advance notice and (b) we provide you with 
reasonable assistance in transitioning to a new system that performs similar services. 
16.4. Upon the termination of this Agreement (a) your access to the Services as provided in this 
Agreement ends and you must immediately cease using the Services; (b) you must cease 
using the credentials (User ID and Password) that you were provided to access the 
Services; and (c) you must return the originals and all copies of the training materials, and 
all guest information to us within thirty (30) days after termination or certify to us, in 
writing, that you have deleted or destroyed, in an irreversible manner, all electronic and 
tangible information provided to you by us. If you fail or refuse to return the training 
materials to us as provided in this section, or certify that the training materials have been 
deleted and destroyed as provided in this section, you must pay us for the rental of the 
training materials at the rate of Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per week beginning thirty 
(30) days after the date that this Agreement terminates. We can, in our sole discretion, 
