 
27
Digital Marketing Boost which was added to the Fund. We spent $2,896,695.83 on 
marketing in 2024.  The current year shortfall of $241,079.44 was added to  the 
prior year shortfall of $189,226.22, resulting in a net shortfall of $430,305.66 being 
loaned by us to the Fund. To date, we have loaned the Fund $430,305.66. A 
substantial part of the Fund fees are used: (i) to maintain our online reservations 
interface and call-in reservations channels; (ii) for promotion, publicity, market 
research, and sales and marketing programs; (iii) for maintaining and producing 
System marketing and sales programs; (iv) for our overhead related to costs 
associated with the financial management of the Fund, the salaries and benefits of 
individuals who work under the Fund, and travel and other related expenses; and 
(v) for our overhead related to costs associated with the central reservation system, 
the salaries and benefits of individuals who work for, or in, the central reservation 
system and other related expenses. We will use the Marketing and Advertising 
Fund fees for various programs and publicity including other marketing programs 
for the benefit of System hotels in addition to our affiliates operating other brands 
including My Place Hotels. We will not use the Fund to pay for marketing solely 
related to our sale of franchises. The Fund is not obligated to spend more than the 
amounts received from System franchisees. If the Fund has a surplus at the end of 
any calendar year, that surplus will be used in the following calendar year before 
current year payments are used, or it will be used to repay loans made to the Fund.  
If payments to the Fund are insufficient to cover expenses, it may be necessary to 
borrow money from us, our affiliates, or third parties.  The Fund will pay interest, 
at commercially reasonable rates, for money borrowed from us, our affiliates or 
third parties. The Fund is not audited. We will not provide you with a financial 
statement of the Fund, but we will provide you with an annual statement regarding 
the Fund, upon written request (Franchise Agreement – section 7(G)).   
 
 
Advertising funds were used on the following categories in the following 
percentages during the 2024 fiscal year: Admin Expenses 29.29%, General 
Marketing 30.51%, Production 26.45%, and Media Placement 13.75%.  
 
 
The media that we select will depend, in part, on the amount of monthly revenue 
received from franchisees. The media coverage may be local, regional, or national 
with that determination based on the amount of funding being received on a 
monthly basis.  Some advertising and marketing will be handled by us; other 
advertising and marketing may be handled by a national or regional advertising 
agency. No requirement exists that all or any part of the Fund be disbursed within 
any accounting period; any marketing placement will be at our sole discretion.  We 
do not ensure that you benefit directly, or on a proportional basis, from the Fund 
(Franchise Agreement – section 7(G)).  We are also not required to spend any 
amount on advertising in the franchisee’s area or territory. You can develop your 
own advertising, using our Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics, but such 
