 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
16
(C) 
Training 
 
WE shall provide OUR Initial Training Program to YOU. OUR Initial Training Program includes up to five 
(5) days of the Resource Evaluation and Guidance Program at YOUR hotel and if applicable, General Manager 
Training. WE may revise the Initial Training Program. Subject to successful completion of the Resource Evaluation 
and Guidance Program, YOUR General Manager may be required to participate in and complete the General Manager 
Training to OUR satisfaction. If YOU replace YOUR General Manager, that individual must successfully complete 
the General Manager Training at the then-current fee within ninety (90) days of hire unless we provide written 
approval due to exceptional circumstances. 
 
YOUR General Manager may be required to participate in additional training (“Retraining”). Retraining may 
include up to five (5) days of training at My Place University in Aberdeen, South Dakota, at YOUR hotel, or at OUR 
option, another hotel that WE select. Retraining is available by request and may be required pursuant to System 
Standards. 
 
OUR administrative training program consists of approximately twelve (12) hours of classroom training time 
over subjects such as construction and specifications, operations systems, and brand resources and support 
(“Administrative Training Program”). YOU or an owner’s representative must participate in the Administrative 
Training Program. This program is provided at no additional cost.  
 
All training shall be provided at a location that WE designate.  WE will select the staff who will conduct the 
training.  
 
WE may offer consultation services and advise in various areas of operations outside the typical training 
program(s). WE are permitted to establish fees in advance, or on a project basis, for any consultation services YOU 
request. YOU acknowledged that, although WE are permitted to provide consultation services and advice, YOU have 
exclusive daily control of YOUR hotel, and WE do not in any way (directly or indirectly) possess or exercise such 
control.  
 
(D) 
Central Reservation System 
 
WE shall provide YOU with access to a central reservation system which may be operated by US or a third 
party.  WE may publish, electronically or in print form, a System directory. 
 
(E) 
Inspection 
 
WE will implement a quality assurance program for the System. It will involve inspections of the Hotel before 
its opening and periodically thereafter to ensure compliance with the System Standards. Such inspections may also 
include guest satisfaction surveys and audits. For US to determine if the Hotel is in compliance with the System 
Standards, WE may inspect the Hotel without prior notice to YOU. YOU will cooperate with OUR representatives 
during these inspections. If any deficiencies are identified, YOU will correct them within the timeframe WE establish. 
WE may re-inspect the Hotel without prior notice to YOU to verify any deficiencies identified in previous 
inspection(s) have been corrected. YOU may be charged a quality assurance re-inspection fee according to System 
Standards. YOU must provide complimentary accommodations for the quality assurance auditor each time WE 
conduct an inspection or re-inspection.  
 
(F) 
Standardized Identification 
 
WE shall, through OUR service mark/trademark identity standards manual, or any other document, provide 
YOU with specifications for the use of all Marks and other Distinguishing Characteristics. 
 
(G) 
Marketing and Advertising Fund 
 
WE shall administer and expend the sums received from YOU pursuant to Section 4(C).  A substantial part of 
the Marketing and Advertising Fund fees will be used: (1) to maintain OUR online reservations interface and call-in 
reservations channels; (2) for promotion, publicity, market research and sales and marketing programs; (3) for 
