 
26
(5) 
Provide you with specifications for the use of all marks and distinguishing 
characteristics of the System (Franchise Agreement - section 7(F)). 
 
During the operation of your franchise, we will: 
 
(1) 
Provide training as we develop new services and methods (Franchise Agreement - 
sections 6(B)(8) and 7(C)). 
 
(2) 
Provide you with general consultation and advice regarding the operation of your 
hotel (Franchise Agreement - section 7(A)). We will not establish your room rates 
or set minimum and/or maximum prices. 
 
(3) 
Upon the appointment of a Franchise Advisory Council (“FAC”), consult with the 
FAC generally, regarding problems, opportunities and agreements between us and 
System franchisees (Franchise Agreement - section 7(A)(1)). 
 
(4) 
Provide you with specifications for the use of all marks and distinguishing 
characteristics of the System (Franchise Agreement - section 7(F)). We provide 
names of approved suppliers that are capable of providing products meeting our 
written specifications. We do not deliver or install the items. 
 
(5) 
Provide you with an electronic copy of all manuals that contain mandatory and 
suggested specifications, standards, and procedures.  The manuals and all 
information in them are confidential and remains our property.  We can amend and 
modify the information in manuals at any time; any amendment or modification 
can only change your status and rights as permitted by the Franchise Agreement 
and applicable law (Franchise Agreement - sections 6(Q), 7(J), and 9(D)).  The 
table of contents for the Standards Manual and the number of pages devoted to each 
subject and the total number of pages in the manual are described in Exhibit I. 
 
(6) 
Protect, in our discretion, the marks and distinguishing characteristics of the System 
and, in some circumstances, indemnify you regarding your use of the marks and 
distinguishing characters (Franchise Agreement - sections 5, 6(C), 6(E), 6(F), 7(F)), 
and 7(L)). 
 
(7) 
Inspect your hotel to assure compliance with our requirements and standards 
(Franchise Agreement – section 7(E)). 
 
(8) 
Administer and expend sums received from you for the Marketing and Advertising 
Fund (Fund). It is our intention that all or at least substantially all franchised outlets, 
including any company owned outlets, contribute to the Fund on an equal basis. In 
2024, we received $2,543,916.39 through the Fund. We received $111,700 from 
