 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
5
If YOU give US a check which is dishonored for any reason, YOU must pay US a fee equal to the maximum 
amount allowed by South Dakota state law (“Dishonored Check Fee”) for each dishonored check. The Dishonored 
Check Fee is currently Sixty Dollars ($60.00).  If YOU tender two (2) or more dishonored checks within a one (1) 
year period, or if YOU are two (2) or more weeks delinquent in any of YOUR accounts with US, WE can require 
YOUR payments to US to be made by cashier's checks or by electronic fund transfer.  No Late Fees or Dishonored 
Check Fees will be charged which exceed the sums allowed by applicable law.   
 
(F) 
Taxes 
 
YOU must pay US sums equal to any excise, sales, use, value added, or privilege tax imposed, or which WE 
are required to collect from YOU, by any governmental agency, except any tax on OUR income. 
 
(G) 
Electronic Fund Transfer 
 
If WE request, YOU must make payments to US by electronic fund transfer.  YOU must execute any 
documents needed to accomplish payment by electronic fund transfer and YOU must pay all costs associated with the 
electronic fund transfer process.  Electronic fund transfers will be under YOUR control and direction if YOU are in 
Good Standing. 
 
(H) 
Training Fee 
 
YOU must pay US a fee of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) (“Training Fee”) for the Initial Training 
Program, as described in Section 7(C).  If Retraining is required, YOU must pay US a fee of Four Thousand One 
Hundred Twenty-Five Dollars ($4,125.00) (“Retraining Fee”).  The Training Fee or Retraining Fee, as applicable, 
must be received by US no later than fourteen (14) days prior to the scheduled start date of YOUR Initial Training 
Program or Retraining.  The Training Fee and the Retraining Fee are non-refundable and are System Standards which 
are subject to change at our discretion. 
 
YOU must also pay for each of YOUR trainee’s wages, insurance of all types, lodging, meals, and traveling 
expenses for any training programs. YOU must also provide OUR trainers complimentary rooms during any training 
at YOUR My Place Hotel, if available 
 
(I) 
No Accord or Satisfaction 
 
 
For any payment YOU make to US, YOUR payment will first be applied to any earlier obligations which 
are unpaid.  No special or restrictive endorsement or statement on any check or payment or in any letter accompanying 
any check or payment, will constitute or be accepted as an accord or satisfaction. WE can accept such a check or 
payment without prejudice to OUR rights to recover the balance of all sums owed pursuant to this Agreement, and to 
pursue any other remedy. 
 
(J) 
Withholding Payment 
 
 
YOU cannot withhold the payment of any sum owed to US pursuant to this Agreement for any reason. The 
alleged nonperformance, or breach, of any of OUR obligations pursuant to this Agreement, or any other agreement, 
does not establish a right at law or in equity for YOU to withhold any sum owed to US. 
 
(K) 
Guest Loyalty Program 
 
 
YOU must pay to US a fee equal to one percent (1%) of YOUR Gross Room Revenue to participate in Stay 
Rewarded® or any subsequent guest loyalty program we develop (“Loyalty Fee”). WE will bill YOU for the Loyalty 
Fee monthly, in arrears.  WE reserve the right to change the amount of the Loyalty Fee upon one hundred twenty 
(120) days’ notice to YOU.  The Loyalty Fee is a recurring, non-refundable payment which will be accounted for 
separately from OUR general revenue.  YOU must honor all loyalty program rules, which are System Standards and 
which WE may change from time to time. 
 
