 
20
 
 
We estimate that your required purchases or leases of goods, services, supplies, fixtures, 
equipment, inventory, computer hardware and software, real estate, or comparable items 
to establish or operate the franchised business according to System Standards either from 
the franchisor, its designee, or suppliers approved by the franchisor, or under the 
franchisor’s specifications will constitute approximately 90% of all purchases of goods and 
services for establishing and operating your Business. We currently have no other required 
specifications or designated suppliers for goods, services, or real estate relating to the 
operation of your Business. We can, in the future, develop other System Standards which 
may provide specifications related to the furniture, fixtures, equipment, and other goods 
used to operate your Business. 
 
There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.  Except for the products and servies 
provided by Farmer Bros. Co., Performance Food Group, Inc., Sara Lee Foodservice, 
PepsiCo Sales, Inc., Shift4, Dish Network, WorldVue, and lodgeVision, we have not 
negotiated purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for the benefit of 
franchisees, but we may do so in the future.  We do not provide you with any material 
benefits based on your purchase of products or services or your use of particular suppliers.   
 
Although we may, from time to time, communicate with you or your suppliers and service 
providers regarding supply chain or performance issues in an attempt to resolve complaints, 
we have no responsibility for the performance or financial condition of any supplier or 
service provider. Nothing prevents MPHOA from having an ownership interest in any 
future business, including business interests that provide products or services to you.  
 
Item 9: 
Franchisee's Obligations 
 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise agreement and other 
agreements.  It will help you find more detailed information about your obligations 
in these agreements and in other items of this disclosure document. 
 
Obligation 
Section in  
Franchise Agreement 
Item in  
Disclosure Document 
a. Site selection and 
acquisition/lease 
N/A  
Item 11 
b. Pre-opening 
purchases/leases 
Sections 4(A), 4(H), 
6(B)(15), and 6(B)(28) 
Item 5, 6, 7, and 8 
