What inspires you, inspires us. | eidebailly.com
24 2nd Ave. S.W.  |  P.O. Box 430  |  Aberdeen, SD 57402-0430  |  T 605.225.8783  |  F 605.225.0508  |  EOE
1 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
The Members 
My Place Hotels of America LLC 
Aberdeen, South Dakota 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of My Place Hotels of America, LLC, which comprise the 
balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the related statements of operations, 
members’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the 
financial statements. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of My Place Hotels of America, LLC as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 
2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States 
of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be 
independent of My Place Hotels of America, LLC and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in 
accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; and for the 
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions 
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about My Place Hotels of America, 
LLC’s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are 
available to be issued. 
