 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
21
 
(3)  
Upon the termination of this Agreement, YOU cannot use any of OUR Marks or Distinguishing 
Characteristics in any name, logo, mark, or other method of representing YOUR hotel, nor can 
YOU use signs, advertising, billboards, displays, or other information combining OUR colors in 
any manner. 
 
(4)  
Upon the termination of this Agreement, YOU must discontinue the use of any uniforms or attire 
on which the Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics are affixed, and, YOU cannot use any 
uniforms or attire which are confusingly similar.   
 
(5)  
If, on the date of termination, YOU have failed to remove or to stop the use of OUR Marks and 
Distinguishing Characteristics, YOU convey to US all of YOUR right, title, and interest to any 
signs and other personal property on which OUR Marks and Distinguishing Characteristics are 
affixed or displayed, upon YOUR receipt of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) from US. 
 
(6)  
YOU grant US an unconditional right of access to go upon YOUR hotel facility and premises to 
remove all signs and other personal property on which OUR Marks and Distinguishing 
Characteristics are affixed or displayed.  This right may be exercised by US, at any time, upon the 
payment of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) as provided in Section 9(C)(5). 
 
(7)  
YOU grant US a limited power of attorney, to act on YOUR behalf, to sign documents, and to take 
any other action, reasonably necessary, to fulfill any obligations which YOU fail to fulfill pursuant 
to Section 9(C). 
 
(8)  
Each of the provisions of Section 9(C) is YOUR continuing obligation which survives the 
termination of this Agreement. 
 
(9)  
For each day, or any portion thereof, after termination of this Agreement that YOU continue to use 
or display OUR Marks or Distinguishing Characteristics, YOU must pay US liquidated damages 
in the amount of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500).  
(D)  
Return of Manuals 
 
 
YOU shall, within thirty (30) days after the termination of YOUR franchise, delete or destroy, in an 
irreversible manner, all electronic information provided to YOU by US and return to US all printed manuals, audio 
and video recordings, photographs, CD-ROM, computer disks, and other descriptions of methods, procedures, and 
techniques, provided to YOU by US, and stop using such information as required in this Section and Section 6(Q).  
 
10. 
CONSTRUCTION OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
(A)  
Applicable Law and Venue 
 
Unless WE and YOU mutually agree otherwise, this Agreement shall be governed and construed according 
to the laws of South Dakota. Any non-arbitration litigation arising, directly or indirectly, from the franchise 
relationship shall be commenced and maintained, at OUR election, in the appropriate state court, or United States 
District Court, in South Dakota. 
 
(B) 
Language of Agreement 
 
The language in this Agreement shall be construed as a whole according to its usual, customary, and fair 
meaning, and neither strictly for nor against either US or YOU.   
 
(C) 
Captions 
 
Descriptive captions are for convenience only and are not to be construed as a part of this Agreement nor in 
any way defining, limiting, or amplifying any provisions. 
