 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
23
(1)  
Judgment Upon Arbitration 
 
Judgment on an arbitration award can be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction and 
shall be binding, final and non-appealable.   
 
(2)  
Effective After Termination 
 
These arbitration provisions shall be deemed to be self-executing and shall remain in full force and 
effect after the termination of this Agreement.  If either party fails to appear at any properly noticed 
arbitration proceeding, an award may be entered against the non-appearing party, by default or 
otherwise.  
 
(3)  
Obligation to Arbitrate 
 
The obligation to arbitrate binds both parties except for claims related to OUR Marks, patents, or 
copyrights, except anti-trust claims, except claims related to YOUR failure to pay US pursuant to 
Sections 4(B), and 4(C), and 4(K), and except requests for temporary restraining orders, preliminary 
injunctions, or other proceedings to obtain relief to preserve the status quo or to prevent irreparable 
injury pending resolution by arbitration of the actual dispute. 
(C) 
Federal Preemption 
 
Regardless of any provisions of state law to the contrary, WE intend to fully enforce the arbitration provisions 
of this Agreement, and to rely on federal preemption under the federal arbitration act (9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq.) 
 
(D) 
Attorney’s Fees   
 
   
Except as provided in Section 8, if any legal action, appeal, arbitration, or other proceedings are initiated to 
enforce or interpret this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover attorney and paralegal fees, court 
costs, and other reasonably incurred expenses, in addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled.  
“Prevailing party” means the party who obtains the greater part, comparatively, of the relief sought by each, as 
determined by any court or arbitrator.  The fees, costs, and expenses shall be included in, and be a part of, any 
settlement, order, judgment, or other determination, which shall also provide for the recovery of any fees, costs, and 
expenses incurred in enforcing such settlement, order, judgment, or determination. 
 
(E) 
Waiver of Class Action Rights 
YOU waive your right to bring, join or participate in, and are barred from bringing, joining or participating 
in, any class action suit or arbitration. The parties agree that any proceeding must be conducted on an individual, not 
a class-wide, basis and that any proceeding between the parties or any Owner or any guarantor may not be consolidated 
with another proceeding between US and any other person. The foregoing does not limit YOUR ability to obtain a 
remedy for any particular claim YOU may assert against US. 
 
(F) 
Waiver Punitive Damages 
 
The parties hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to, or Claim for, any punitive 
damages against the other, or any affiliates, owners, employees or agents of the other.   
 
(G) 
Waiver of Jury Trial 
 
EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY, AND IRREVOCABLY 
WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR 
IN EQUITY, BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THEM AGAINST THE OTHER.  
 
 
