 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
8
(9) 
Promptly provide US with reasonably requested information. 
 
(10) 
Grant discounts and participate in promotions WE require in accordance with System Standards. 
 
(11) 
Accept cash, checks, credit cards, debit cards, and other methods and forms of payment that WE 
require. 
 
(12) 
Offer and sell only those services and products approved by US, in writing. 
 
(13) 
Continuously retain and exercise management control over YOUR Business; YOU cannot enter 
into any lease, management agreement, or similar arrangement for the operation of YOUR Business, 
or any part of YOUR Business, without OUR prior written authorization. 
 
(14) 
Resolve guest complaints promptly and courteously to the reasonable satisfaction of each guest in 
accordance with System Standards; for guest complaints that are reported directly to US or to third 
party internet sites, YOU must provide US with copies of each guest complaint and documentation 
of YOUR actions to resolve the complaint within five (5) days after the date on which YOU are 
notified about the complaint.  If WE determine that a guest complaint is valid, and YOU do not 
resolve, or reasonably attempt to resolve, the complaint in a manner which WE deem to be 
appropriate, YOU can be assessed a fee, by US, due to the inadequacy of YOUR response.  If WE 
decide to resolve the guest complaint, due to the inadequacy of YOUR response, YOU must pay 
the fee and reimburse US for OUR costs, including any sums paid to a guest.  The amount of any 
fee will be based on OUR determination of the seriousness of the guest complaint.  The range of 
potential assessed fees is specified in OUR System Standards.    
 
(15) 
Maintain equipment, supplies, and products, of the types that WE require, and in quantities which 
are reasonable for the proper operation of YOUR Business, in accordance with System Standards.  
 
(16) 
Reserved. 
 
(17) 
Hire and supervise efficient, competent, and courteous persons, and require all employees, including 
YOURSELF, to work in clean, neat, and well-maintained attire (uniforms) as WE require. 
 
(18) 
Maintain the hotel facility and premises in accordance with System Standards.  
 
(19) 
Maintain a business telephone that is answered and identified pursuant to System Standards.   
 
(20) 
Honor all rates, room types, and other requirements related to reservations for YOUR Business 
made through OUR central reservation system and any authorized third-party provider; YOU 
cannot publish any rates for lodging rooms in YOUR hotel which are less than the rates YOU have 
provided to US for reservations made through OUR central reservation system, and published in 
any System directory and any System internet site. 
 
(21) 
 Provide US, in a timely manner, with YOUR room rates, room types,  amenities, 
and 
other 
appropriate information. 
 
(22) 
Provide US with information, in the format that WE require, regarding revenue, expenses, and other 
information related to the operation of YOUR Business. 
 
(23) 
Participate in any internet site that WE develop and maintain. 
 
(24) 
 Obtain OUR written authorization before using any internet site or social media platform to promote 
YOUR Business and allow US to manage YOUR internet site in accordance with System Standards. 
YOU must discontinue use of YOUR internet site or social media platform if WE determine in 
OUR sole discretion that the site or platform does not meet System Standards. 
 
