 
 
5 
Rev. 3/23 
7.3. Compelled Disclosure. The Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information of 
the Disclosing Party if it is compelled by law to do so, provided the Receiving Party gives 
the Disclosing Party prior notice of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally 
permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party’s cost, if the Disclosing Party 
wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose the 
Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as a part of a civil proceeding to which the 
Disclosing Party is a party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the disclosure, the 
Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party for its reasonable cost of compiling 
and providing secure access to such Confidential Information.  
  
8. PRIVACY OF GUEST DATA. 
8.1. You must comply with our data policies and procedures which we can update from time 
to time (the “Data Policies”). If there is a conflict between the policies and procedures and 
applicable law, you must comply with applicable law and notify us in writing of the 
conflict. 
8.2. You agree that (a) we own the guest information jointly with you, (b) you will, at all times, 
take commercially reasonable action to assure the timely and accurate collection, 
recording, processing and transmittal of guest information via the Services, and (c) with 
respect to your use of guest information, you will comply with applicable law, our Data 
Policies and any contract or promise that you make with guests. 
8.3. Other than the guest information, you cannot use any information that you obtain from the 
Services, including any information that we append to the guest information (“Non-
Owned Information”), for the benefit of any business, enterprise or activity other than the 
business of the hotel system, and in accordance with all applicable laws and our Data 
Policies. 
8.4. You cannot disclose, copy, assign, transfer, lease, rent, sell, donate, disseminate or 
otherwise commercialize any Non-Owned Information for any purpose without our 
written consent, which we can withhold at our sole discretion. 
8.5. Any information provided to you through the Services may contain “dummy” information, 
special codes or other devices to assure compliance with this Agreement and to monitor 
possible unauthorized use of Services. You will be conclusively presumed to have violated 
this Agreement if we find unauthorized mail or contacts from information provided only 
to you or the system. 
8.6. If you obtain access to Non-Owned Information in violation of the Data Policies or this 
section, you become a trustee of that information and must act in a fiduciary capacity to 
protect the information from further unauthorized use or disclosure, and you must initiate 
commercially reasonable action to return the information to us as soon as possible. 
 
9. CUSTOMER PCI-DSS OBLIGATIONS. 
9.1. Password and Implementation Materials. All information provided to you by us or our 
Service Providers in relationship to the Services will remain the property of us, our Service 
Providers, or their payment processor as appropriate. You agree to restrict use and access 
to your password and log-on ID to your employees and agents as may be reasonably 
necessary, and will ensure that each such employee or agent complies with all applicable 
provisions contained herein. You will not give, transfer, assign, sell, resell or otherwise 
dispose of the information and materials provided to you to utilize the Services. You are 
