 
 
3 
Rev. 3/23 
superior to our rights and the rights of the Service Providers. If any party attempts to 
establish any legal rights in the Services or training materials, you must promptly notify 
us in writing. We can inspect the Services during normal business hours with reasonable 
notice to you. 
4.3. Restrictions. You cannot (a) permit any third party to access the Services except as 
permitted pursuant to this Agreement, (b) create derivative works based on the Services, 
(c) copy, frame or mirror any part or content of the Services, other than copying or framing 
on your own intranets or otherwise for your own internal business purposes, (d) reverse 
engineer the Services, or (e) access the Software or Services in order to (i) build a 
competitive product or service, or (ii) copy any features, functions or graphics of the 
Services. 
4.4. Suggestions. We shall have a royalty-free, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to 
use and incorporate into the Services any suggestions, enhancement requests, 
recommendations or other feedback provided by you, including your employees, relating 
to the operation of the Services. 
4.5. Access. The information in your property management system, central reservation system, 
and customer relationship manager system will be accessible by our staff. 
 
5. HARDWARE. 
5.1. To access and use the Services, you must use the Hardware purchased from us or our 
affiliate and subscribe to communication services that meet our technical specification 
requirements. If any service provider (including any service provider made available by 
us) attempts, at your request, to integrate the Hardware with the Services, we are not liable 
for any injury or damage to either the Hardware or the Services unless due to our 
negligence or misconduct. The warranties and support described in this Agreement, do not 
apply to any actions undertaken by the providers of communication services. 
 
6. THE SERVICES. 
6.1. We will provide you with a specific User ID and password, and training, to access the 
Services. We can, from time to time, change your password and the security features that 
you need to access and use the Services. You must follow all security procedures and 
protocols that we establish. You cannot permit the Services to be accessed in violation of 
the security procedures and protocols or otherwise be breached, attacked, evaded, 
destroyed, or invaded. You must safeguard the User ID and password as a trade secret, 
revealed only to your employees on a need to know basis. You must immediately notify 
us if you believe that the User ID and/or password have been lost, stolen, misappropriated 
or compromised and you must follow our instructions regarding any replacement User ID 
and password. 
6.2. You may use the Services only for the operation of your hotel business and not for personal 
or household purposes. You cannot load, store or otherwise use any software on or with 
the Services, without our prior written consent, as it can adversely affect the operation and 
functioning of the Services. If you violate this section, the warranties provided in this 
Agreement will be void, and you shall be solely responsible for the cost of the repair or 
replacement of the Services. 
6.3. Our Responsibilities. We will: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the 
Services available twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week, except for: (i) 
