 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
12
(a) 
YOU must provide at least twenty (20) days advance written notice that YOU have 
complied with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and the Hotel is ready to open. 
WE will use commercially reasonable efforts within twenty (20) days after WE receive 
YOUR notice to visit the hotel and/or conduct other investigations that WE deem 
appropriate in order to determine whether or not to permit the opening of YOUR hotel. 
WE will not be liable for delays or losses associated by OUR inability to complete OUR 
investigation and provide OUR determination within twenty (20) days. If YOU fail OUR 
opening inspections, WE are permitted, in OUR sole and absolute business judgement, 
to deny YOUR opening and charge YOU reasonable fees associated with any additional 
inspections. 
 
(b) 
If YOU change the opening date of YOUR hotel, YOU must pay us a fee of $5,000 for a 
one-time extension of up to 90 days and reimburse US for any costs WE have incurred in 
scheduling support and other assistance to YOUR hotel. 
 
(c) 
WE are permitted to withhold OUR consent to the opening of YOUR hotel until: 
 
(i) 
WE have received reasonable assurances that YOUR hotel has complied with all 
laws; 
 
(ii) 
YOU have complied with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement; 
 
(iii) 
YOU have complied with all branding requirements including signage, 
photographs, and collateral requirements as set forth in the System Standards; and 
 
(iv) 
All fees have been paid to US and OUR affiliates; 
 
(d) 
Opening YOUR hotel prior to receiving OUR express written consent is a material 
breach of this Agreement.  YOU must pay US, as liquidated damages, one thousand 
dollars ($1,000) per day YOUR hotel is open prior to receiving OUR written approval 
to compensate US for YOUR breach. These liquidated damages do not limit or exclude 
other remedies WE may have. YOU agree that this is not a penalty and it is a reasonable 
estimate in light of the anticipated or actual loss caused by the material breach.  
 
(J) 
Indemnification and Insurance 
 
  
(1) 
YOU must indemnify and hold US, OUR subsidiaries and affiliates, and the respective directors, 
officers, shareholders, members, employees, agents, and assigns harmless from any claims, liability, 
and damages (compensatory, punitive, and other), and any costs, expenses, and attorney’s fees, 
resulting, directly or indirectly, from each of the following types of claims related to YOUR hotel: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Personal injury, death, and property damage; 
 
 
(b) 
Defamation; 
 
 
(c) 
Contractual claims and/or debts; 
 
 
(d) 
Mechanic’s liens for materials and/or labor; 
 
 
(e) 
Claims, of any nature, based upon agency or vicarious liability; 
 
 
 
(f) 
Cyber liability; and 
 
 
(g) 
Employment practice violations. 
 
(2) 
YOU will procure and maintain insurance with the coverages, deductibles, limits, carrier ratings, 
and policy obligations required by the System Standards. Such insurance requirements may include: 
property insurance including business interruption, earthquake, flood, terrorism and windstorm; 
workers’ compensation; commercial general liability; liquor liability; business auto liability; 
umbrella or excess liability; fidelity coverage; employment practices liability; cyber liability; and 
such other insurance customarily carried on hotels similar to YOUR hotel. WE may change such 
