 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
28
members, employees, agents, and assigns, in connection with the registration, furnish all information that WE 
reasonably request, and avoid any inference that WE are participating in or endorsing the offering.  OUR Marks and 
Distinguishing Characteristics may be used only as WE authorize, in writing. 
 
(F) 
Right of First Refusal 
 
 
If there is a proposed transfer of YOUR franchise, the hotel, and/or the Business, YOU must notify US of the 
identity of the prospective transferee and any person with control of the prospective transferee, the terms of the 
proposed transaction, and all other information WE reasonably request.  Within thirty (30) days after receipt of such 
notice and information, WE will notify YOU of OUR election of one of the following: 
 
(1) 
If the proposed transfer is a cash transaction, WE (or OUR affiliate) will have the right to purchase 
or lease the hotel, or YOUR ownership interest therein, at the same price and on the same terms as 
the proposed transaction, and WE (or OUR affiliate) will promptly enter into an agreement on such 
terms.    
 
(2) 
If the proposed transfer is a non-cash transaction or other form of transfer, WE (or OUR affiliate) 
will have the right to purchase or lease the Hotel or acquire YOUR ownership interest for its fair 
market value; if WE and YOU are unable to agree on the fair market value within 14 days of OUR 
election, WE will promptly provide YOU with a list of at least three nationally recognized 
appraisers of hotel properties, and within five days YOU will select one of such appraisers to 
appraise the hotel or YOUR ownership interest. WE and YOU will share the costs of the appraisal 
equally. Such appraisal will constitute the fair market value of the hotel or the ownership interest 
for purposes of this Section 17(F)(2).  Within 30 days of receipt of the appraisal, WE (or OUR 
affiliate) may either: (i) enter into an agreement to purchase the hotel or the ownership interest at 
the fair market value determined by the appraiser; or (ii) consent to the transfer on such terms as 
WE may require, in OUR sole discretion. 
 
18. 
RESERVED 
 
19. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
(A) 
Notices 
 
 Any notice from YOU or US declaring default of a provision of this Agreement, or potential or final 
termination of this Agreement, must be delivered in person, or by prepaid courier delivery service, or by prepaid 
overnight United States mail, or by prepaid certified United States mail return-receipt requested. If overnight delivery 
is not available to the notice address, WE will send notices under this Section only to the Entity Contact Person listed 
in Section 23 of this Agreement. YOU must send notices to US under this Section as follows: My Place Hotels of 
America, LLC, Attention: General Counsel, 1910 8th Ave NE, Aberdeen, SD 57401. Notice sent under this Section 
will be deemed effective on the earlier of (a) receipt, or first refusal of delivery; (b) one day after sending if sent by 
overnight courier delivery service or overnight United States mail; or (c) three (3) days after placement in the United 
States certified mail with return receipt requested. 
 
For notices regarding any issue other than those specified above, WE may provide notice to YOU via 
electronic mail at the email address designated by YOU in Section 23 of this Agreement, or to the email address of 
other persons YOU designate for these notices.   
 
Nothing in this Franchise Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations 
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state 
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, 
