 
Revised: 3/28/2025 
 
22
(D) 
Reasonable Exercise of Discretion 
 
Whenever WE have the right to act, or refrain from acting, pursuant to this Agreement, any action or inaction 
shall be exercised based on OUR reasonable judgment of what is in the best interests of the System, including US, 
even if other reasonable, or better, alternatives exist.  The exercise of OUR right to act, or refrain from acting, in 
relation to any request made by YOU pursuant to this Agreement, will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or 
delayed. 
 
(E) 
Force Majeure 
 
 
If YOU or WE are reasonably prevented from performing OUR respective obligations, pursuant to this 
Agreement, due to forces of nature, war, riot, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, local disease outbreaks, public health 
emergencies, quarantines, or any other cause reasonably beyond the control of the affected party, the failure to perform 
shall be excused for the period of time the affected party is reasonably unable to perform.   
 
(F) 
Prohibited Provisions 
 
 
Any provision of this Agreement prohibited by law or by court decree will not void this entire Agreement, 
and the remainder will continue in full force and effect. 
 
11. 
RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES  
 
WE and YOU agree that the provisions contained in this Section are reasonable and were specifically 
bargained for. 
 
(A) 
Good Faith Discussion and Mediation 
 
 
While WE and YOU intend to work together in good faith and with the best interests of the System in mind, 
it is possible that disagreements between US and YOU may occur.  WE and YOU agree to attempt to resolve such 
differences through good faith discussions, whenever possible. 
 
 
If good faith discussions do not resolve the differences between US and YOU, and the issues do not involve 
the collection of fees due pursuant to this Agreement, the differences between the parties shall be submitted to 
mediation.  Mediation shall begin within thirty (30) days after written notice is provided by either party to the other.  
The controversy or claim shall be submitted to one mediator mutually agreed upon by US and YOU.  WE and YOU 
must act diligently, reasonably, and in good faith in selecting a mediator.  The mediation shall occur in in Aberdeen, 
South Dakota, or at a location mutually agreed upon by US and YOU.  WE and YOU shall participate in the mediation 
in good faith. WE and YOU shall each bear OUR own costs related to the mediation; however, the fees and expenses 
of the mediator shall be divided equally between US and YOU.  WE and YOU acknowledge that mediation is a 
nonbinding process. 
 
(B) 
Arbitration 
 
Except for matters involving the remedies specified in Section 12 and sums owed to US pursuant to Sections 
4(B),4(C), and 4(K), any controversy or claim relating to this Agreement, including default, and any claim that this 
Agreement, or any part, is invalid, illegal or otherwise voidable or void, shall be submitted to arbitration before the 
American Arbitration Association, or any other mutually agreed upon arbitration association, in accordance with its 
commercial arbitration rules.  The arbitration rules are modified to permit discovery pursuant to the rules of civil 
procedure for the State of South Dakota. No counterclaim may be asserted unless the controversy or claim constituting 
the basis for the counterclaim has first been submitted to mediation.  If an individual arbitrator is used, that person 
shall have experience concerning franchising.  If an arbitration panel is used, one member shall have franchise law 
experience, one member shall be a certified public accountant, and the third member shall have experience in the hotel 
industry.  Arbitration shall take place at OUR company headquarters in Aberdeen, South Dakota, unless otherwise 
agreed by YOU and US. 
 
