 
25
 
Administrative Training 
 
SUBJECT 
 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS 
ON THE JOB 
TRAINING 
HOURS 
LOCATION 
Construction & Specs
1
0
Aberdeen, SD
Operations Systems
1
0
Aberdeen, SD
Operations
4
0
Aberdeen, SD
Brand Resources & Support
6
0
Aberdeen, SD
 
Participation in our Training Program is mandatory (Franchise Agreement – 
sections 6(B)(8) and 7(C)).  You cannot open your hotel until you have scheduled 
and successfully completed the Resource Evaluation and Guidance Program. You 
must pay us a fee of $10,000, and you must pay any travel, living, and employment 
related expenses for you, your general manager, and any other person you designate 
for all trainings. No additional training or refresher courses are required for the 
opening, but you, your general manager, or designated person may be required to 
participate in additional training (“Retraining”) pursuant to System Standards. 
Retraining may also be required to effectively implement a change at your hotel. If 
you replace your general manager, or the individual managing your hotel, that 
individual must successfully complete the General Manager Training at the then-
current fee within ninety (90) days of hire unless we provide written approval due 
to exceptional circumstances.   
 
Since 2017, Shirley Sharpe has been the Director of My Place University and 
oversees the My Place University training program. From 2015 to 2017, Shirley 
Sharpe served as Director of Franchise Operations for MPHOA in Aberdeen, South 
Dakota. From 2011-2015, Ms. Sharpe served as a hotel inspection specialist for the 
American Automobile Association (AAA) in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. From 
2001-2011, Ms. Sharpe served as Regional Manager for Eastern Hospitality 
Management, Inc. in Roanoke, Virginia.  
 
(3) 
Provide you with general consultation and advice regarding the operation of your 
hotel, but we will not direct your employees (Franchise Agreement - section 7(A)). 
 
(4) 
Review construction ready plans and specifications for your hotel, including its 
general architectural appearance.  We do not review your plans and specifications 
to determine engineering or architectural adequacy or quality, nor compliance with 
applicable laws and building codes (Franchise Agreement - section 7(B)).   
 
