3. 
The following is added to the end of Item 4: 
 
Neither the franchisor, its affiliate, its predecessor, officers, or general partner 
during the 10-year period immediately before the date of the offering circular: 
(a) filed as debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a discharge of its debts under the 
bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or a general partner 
in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to 
start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge of 
its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 year after that 
officer or general partner of the franchisor held this position in the company or 
partnership. 
4. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” Sections of Item 17(c), titled 
“Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), entitled 
“Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer”: 
 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any 
causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the 
General Business Law of the State of New York and the regulations issued 
thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non- 
waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be 
satisfied. 
5. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled 
“Termination by you”: 
You may terminate the Franchise Agreement on any grounds available by law. 
6. 
The following is added to the end of “Summary” section of Item 17(j) titled 
“Assignment of contract by us”: 
 
However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith 
and judgment of the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the 
franchisor’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
7. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled 
“Choice of forum”, and 17(w) titled “Choice of law”: 
 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right 
conferred upon the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the 
General Business Law of the State of New York. 
