 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
123 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document: 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement – Exhibit D : Lease Addendum 
 
4916-3889-4373 
EXHIBIT D 
LEASE ADDENDUM 
This Lease Addendum (this “Addendum”) made and entered into this __ day of ________ 20__, and is 
attached to and made a part of that certain Lease Agreement by and between  
 
 
 
 
 
, a  
 
 
 having its principal offices at   
 
 
 
 
 (“Landlord”), and  
 
 
 
 
 
, a  
 
 
 having 
its principal office at  
 
 
 
 
 
 (“Tenant”).   
WHEREAS, the Landlord and the Tenant have entered into a certain lease agreement concurrently 
herewith (the “Lease”) for the premises having an address of  
 
 
 
 
 
, as more particularly described in the Lease (the “Leased Premises”) for use by the Tenant as 
business to be opened pursuant to certain proprietary marks and system in connection with a written 
Franchise Agreement by and between Cupbop Franchise, LLC (hereinafter referred to as “Cupbop”) and 
Tenant (the “Franchise Agreement”); and  
WHEREAS, a condition to the approval of the Tenant’s specific location by Cupbop is that the 
Lease for the Leased Premises designated for the operation of a Cupbop restaurant contains the provisions 
set forth herein.  
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable 
consideration which is acknowledged by the parties hereto, Tenant and Landlord agree as follows:  
1. During the term of the Lease, including renewals, if any, the Leased Premises shall not be used for 
any purpose other than the operation of a Cupbop restaurant.  
2. Landlord and Tenant grant to Cupbop the exclusive right, exercisable at the option of Cupbop, to 
take assignment of and assume all rights, title and interest of Tenant in and to the Lease and the 
Leased Premises:  
a. on the termination of the Franchise Agreement;  
b. on the sale, transfer or assignment of the business licensed pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement;  
c. on the commencement of eviction or termination proceedings by the Landlord against 
Tenant; or  
d. on cessation of the use of the Leased Premises as a Cupbop restaurant.   
Cupbop must give written notice to Landlord of its intent to exercise this option within thirty (30) 
days after the event triggering the option. If Cupbop timely exercises its option, the Lease and all 
rights, title and interest of Tenant under the Lease and to the Leased Premises will be automatically, 
and without need of further documentation, assigned to Cupbop and assumed by Cupbop (or an 
entity to be formed and controlled by Cupbop, provided Cupbop guaranties the full performance of 
the Lease by such entity in such form as Landlord may reasonably require). If Cupbop does not 
give notice exercising its assignment option within the thirty (30) day period, Cupbop will be 
deemed to have forfeited its rights under this Section. Upon Cupbop’s written request, Landlord 
