 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
137 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document: 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement – Exhibit H:  Guaranty 
4916-3889-4373 
5. 
Each Guarantor waives notice of any demand by Cupbop, any notice of default in the payment of 
any amounts contained or reserved in the Franchise Agreement, or any other notice of default under the 
Franchise Agreement.  Each Guarantor expressly agrees that the validity of this Guaranty and its obligations 
shall in no way be terminated, affected or impaired by reason of any waiver by Cupbop, or its successors 
or assigns, or the failure of Cupbop to enforce any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the Franchise 
Agreement or this Guaranty, or the granting of any indulgence or extension of time to Franchisee, all of 
which may be given or done without notice to the Guarantors. 
6. 
This Guaranty shall extend, in full force and effect, to any assignee or successor of Cupbop and 
shall be binding upon the Guarantors and each of their respective successors and assigns. 
7. 
Until all obligations of Franchisee to Cupbop have been paid or satisfied in full, the Guarantors 
have no remedy or right of subrogation and each Guarantor waives any right to enforce any remedy which 
Cupbop has or may in the future have against Franchisee and any benefit of, and any right to participate in, 
and security now or in the future held by Cupbop. 
8. 
All existing and future indebtedness of Franchisee to each Guarantor is hereby subordinated to all 
indebtedness and other obligations guarantied in this Guaranty and, without the prior written consent of 
Cupbop, shall not be paid in whole or in part, nor will any Guarantor accept any payment of or on account 
of any such indebtedness while this Guaranty is in effect. 
9. 
This Guaranty shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without giving 
effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
GUARANTORS: 
 
 
Individually 
 
Individually 
Print Name 
 
Print Name 
Address 
 
Address 
City, State, Zip 
 
City, State, Zip 
Telephone 
 
Telephone 
 
 
