 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
112 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
mediator within thirty (30) days after the initial notice, then Cupbop has the right 
to select the mediator.   
 
The parties further acknowledge that mediation proceedings are 
settlement negotiations, and that, to the extent allowed under applicable law, all 
offers, promises, conduct and statements, whether oral or written, made in the 
course of the mediation by any of the parties or their agents will be confidential 
and inadmissible in any arbitration, litigation or other legal proceeding involving 
the parties; provided, however, that evidence which is otherwise admissible or 
discoverable will not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of 
its use in the mediation. 
ii. Arbitration. Any and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or the 
relationship of the parties will be settled by arbitration under the Federal 
Arbitration Act, as amended, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules 
of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) before a single mediator agreed 
upon by the parties.  Either party may demand to submit a claim to arbitration by 
sending written notice in accordance with Section 20.  If the parties are unable to 
agree upon an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice, the 
arbitrator will be selected by the AAA.  The arbitration will take place in Salt Lake 
County, Utah.  Any determination made will be final and binding on each and all 
parties and their successors and assigns.  The judgment may be entered in any court 
of competent jurisdiction.  The arbitrator has the right to award or include in the 
award any relief deemed proper that is consistent with the terms of this Agreement, 
including but not limited to awarding attorneys’ fees as set forth in Subsection 
19(G).  The arbitrator will have continuing jurisdiction to implement the decision.  
The parties consent to the arbitrator’s jurisdiction over them and agree that 
arbitration will be conducted on an individual basis, and not on a joint, collective, 
or class-wide basis.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any court or arbitrator 
determines that all or any part of the preceding sentence is unenforceable with 
respect to a dispute that otherwise would be subject to arbitration under this 
Subsection, then all parties agree that this arbitration clause will not apply to that 
dispute and that such dispute will be resolved in a judicial proceeding. 
iii. Injunctive Relief.  Notwithstanding the arbitration clause in this Subsection, 
Cupbop may bring an action for injunctive relief in any court of competent 
jurisdiction to enforce Cupbop’s non-competition, trademark and/or proprietary 
rights in order to avoid irreparable harm to Cupbop.  
19. GUARANTY 
If Franchisee is a partnership, corporation, a limited liability company or other business entity, 
personal guaranties shall be required from all shareholders, partners or members owning, directly or 
indirectly, at least 5% of the beneficial ownership interest in Franchisee. Franchisee shall provide to Cupbop 
a list of all such owners as of the Effective Date by completing Exhibit C and shall provide to Cupbop as 
soon as reasonably possible after a change of ownership any updates to the ownership that occur during the 
term of this Agreement. Nothing in the paragraph shall be construed to limit the application of the transfer 
provisions under this Agreement or Franchisee’s obligation to comply with such provisions.  The required 
personal guaranties for each such owner must be executed on Cupbop’s standard form Guaranty attached 
hereto as Exhibit H concurrently with the execution of this Agreement or at such time such owner becomes 
an owner of Franchisee. Cupbop may also require the spouse of any such owner to execute the Guaranty.  
