 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
117 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Key Bank Tower 
 
 
36 South State Street, Suite 1900  
 
 
Salt Lake City, UT 84111 
If to Franchisee: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If Franchisee refuses or fails to accept any certified, registered or overnight delivery, acceptance 
shall be deemed to have occurred forty-eight (48) hours after rejection or failure to accept such notice. 
Either party may change this address for notice by giving thirty (30) days’ prior notice to the other party by 
any of the means specified in this Section.  
22. COMPLIANCE WITH ANTI-TERRORISM LAWS. 
Franchisee and its owners agree to comply, and to assist Cupbop to the fullest extent possible in 
Cupbop’s efforts to comply, with Anti-Terrorism Laws (defined below). In connection with that 
compliance, Franchisee and its owners certify, represent, and warrant that none of its property or interests 
is subject to being blocked under, and that Franchisee and its owners otherwise are not in violation of, any 
of the Anti-Terrorism Laws. “Anti-Terrorism Laws” mean Executive Order 13224 issued by the President 
of the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other present and future federal, state, and local laws, 
ordinances, regulations, policies, lists, and other requirements of any governmental authority addressing or 
in any way relating to terrorist acts and acts of war. Any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by Franchisee 
or its owners, or any blocking of Franchisee or its owners’ assets under the Anti-Terrorism Laws, shall 
constitute good cause for immediate termination of this Agreement, as provided in Subsection 15(B) above. 
23. ENTITY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  
If Franchisee is at any time a corporation, limited liability company, or general, limited, or limited 
liability partnership (each, an “Entity”), Franchisee represents and warrants that: 
a. Franchisee has the authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and all related agreements and are duly organized or formed and validly existing in 
good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation or formation; 
b. Franchisee’s organizational documents, operating agreement, or partnership agreement, as 
applicable, will recite that this Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any ownership 
interests in Franchisee, and all certificates and other documents representing ownership interests in 
Franchisee will bear a legend (the wording of which Cupbop may prescribe) referring to this 
Agreement’s restrictions; 
c. Exhibit C to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of Franchisee’s 
owners and their interests in Franchisee as of the Effective Date; 
d. Each of Franchisee’s owners during this Agreement’s term will execute a Guaranty in a 
form substantially similar to that attached as Exhibit H undertaking personally to be bound, jointly 
and severally, by all provisions of this Agreement and any ancillary agreements between the 
Parties.  Subject to Cupbop’s rights and Franchisee’s obligations under Section 13, Franchisee and 
