 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
23 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
You must upgrade or update your system to meet our standards and specifications, as contained in our 
operating manual, which may be changed from time to time, including without limitation, by changing the 
required point-of-sale system.  We are not obligated in any way to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, 
upgrades, or updates to the point-of-sale hardware or software system that you utilize.  You are responsible 
for all costs in any way related to ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates to your point-of-sale 
hardware or software system.   
Operations Manual 
The table of contents of our operations manual is found in Exhibit E to this Disclosure Document.  There 
are 108 total pages in the operations manual.     
Training Program 
Before the Restaurant opens for business, you or your Managing Owner, your General Manager, if 
required because your Managing Owner will not be involved in the Restaurant’s on-site, day-to-day 
operation must successfully complete our initial training program before the Restaurant opens for 
business.  Other than this initial training program and any future ongoing training identified below, 
there are no additional required training programs. 
We will provide initial training for no additional fee for 2 people. There generally are no limits on the 
number of people whom you may send to initial training, however, you must pay our then current training 
charge for each additional person after the first 2 people, currently $1,500 per person. You must also pay 
all travel and living expenses that all attendees incur, including your employees’ wages and workers’ 
compensation insurance, while they attend any applicable training. 
Initial training is a 14-day program at our designated training facility and/or at an operating Cupbop® 
Restaurant.  If you or the required attendees do not successfully complete the initial training, we may 
terminate the Franchise Agreement.  Training will occur after you sign the Franchise Agreement and 
while you are developing the Restaurant, approximately 10 to 12 weeks before the anticipated opening 
date of the Restaurant.  The initial training program is held as needed for new franchisees. 
We may require you to replace any General Manager or manager who we believe is not qualified or 
suitable to hold that position, or you may replace any General Manager.  You must pay for any 
replacement to complete the initial training program within 90 days of the departure of the previous 
General Manager. In addition to our then-current training fee, you must pay all travel and living expenses 
for such attendees. 
Gina Silveira is responsible for our training program and will provide training on the day-to-day operation 
of the business.  Ms. Silveira has three months of experience with Cupbop and 13 years of experience in 
the restaurant industry. JongBin Lim is also involved in the providing the training program related to the 
menu items. Mr. Lim has over 21 years of experience in the restaurant industry and 4 years of experience 
with Cupbop. We may use other instructors to provide training on specific subjects.  All instructors who 
help participate in providing training have a minimum of 1 years and up to 10 years or more of experience 
in the restaurant business and with Cupbop. 
