 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
85 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
c. GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Cupbop may advise Franchisee from time to time regarding the Restaurant’s operation 
based on Franchisee’s reports or Cupbop’s evaluations and inspections and may provide 
recommendations to Franchisee with respect to: (1) standards, specifications, and operating 
procedures and methods that Cupbop Restaurants use; (2) purchasing required and authorized 
furniture, fixtures, equipment and signs, required food items, branded products and food items, 
and other food and non-food items and arranging for their distribution to Franchisee; (3) 
advertising and marketing materials and programs; and (4) administrative, bookkeeping, 
accounting, and inventory control procedures. 
Cupbop may provide recommendations to Franchisee in Cupbop’s confidential operations 
and brand standards manual (“Brand Standards Manual”) and other manuals in bulletins or other 
written materials; by electronic media; by telephone consultation; and/or at Cupbop’s office or the 
Restaurant. If Franchisee requests (and Cupbop agrees to provide), or Cupbop believes Franchisee 
needs, additional or special guidance, assistance, or training, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop’s 
then applicable charges, including Cupbop’s personnel per diem charges and travel and living 
expenses. An “Intranet” means an internal network Cupbop may design and administer for the 
Cupbop franchise system through which members may, in compliance with Cupbop’s terms of use 
and other System Standards, communicate with each other and through which Cupbop may 
circulate updates to the Brand Standards Manual, and other Confidential Information. Cupbop has 
no obligation to implement or to maintain the Intranet indefinitely and, if instituted, may 
discontinue it at any time without liability to Franchisee. 
d. BRAND STANDARDS MANUAL. 
Cupbop will make available to Franchisee the Brand Standards Manual, which may 
include audio, video, digital links, computer software, other electronic media and/or written 
materials. The Brand Standards Manual contains System Standards and information on 
Franchisee’s other obligations under this Agreement. Cupbop may modify the Brand Standards 
Manual periodically to reflect changes in System Standards. If there is a dispute over its contents, 
Cupbop’s master copy of the Brand Standards Manual controls. Franchisee agrees that the Brand 
Standards Manual’s contents are confidential and that Franchisee will not disclose the Brand 
Standards Manual to any person other than Restaurant employees who need to know its contents 
to perform their duties. Franchisee may not at any time copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise 
reproduce any part of the Brand Standards Manual (except as Cupbop allows for training and 
operating purposes).  
e. DELEGATION OF PERFORMANCE. 
Cupbop has the right to delegate the performance of any portion or all of Cupbop’s 
obligations under this Agreement to third-party designees, whether these designees are its 
affiliates, agents, or independent contractors with whom Cupbop contracts to perform these 
obligations. If Cupbop does so, such third-party designees will be obligated to perform the 
delegated functions for Franchisee in compliance with this Agreement. 
