 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
136 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document: 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement – Exhibit H:  Guaranty 
4916-3889-4373 
EXHIBIT H 
GUARANTY 
In consideration of, and as an inducement to, the execution of a Cupbop Franchise Agreement  between Cupbop 
Franchise, LLC (“Cupbop”) and   
 
 
 
 (“Franchisee”) dated  
 
 
 
(the “Franchise Agreement”), and for other good and valuable consideration, each of the undersigned for 
themselves, their heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns (collectively the “Guarantors”) do hereby 
unconditionally, individually, jointly and severally guaranty to Cupbop, and to its successors and assigns, the 
full, complete and timely payment and performance of each and all of the terms, covenants and conditions 
of the Franchise Agreement, and any modification or amendment to the Franchise Agreement, to be kept 
and performed by Franchisee during the term of the Franchise Agreement, including without limitation the 
payment of all fees and charges accruing pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.   
 
Each of the Guarantors further agrees as follows: 
1. 
The Guarantors, individually, jointly and severally, shall be personally bound by each and every 
condition and term contained in the Franchise Agreement as though each of the Guarantors had executed a 
franchise agreement containing the identical terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement, including 
without limitation the provisions relating to Confidential Information and covenants not to compete.  This 
Guaranty shall continue in favor of Cupbop notwithstanding any extension, modification, or alteration of 
the Franchise Agreement, and notwithstanding any assignment of the Franchise Agreement, with or without 
Cupbop’s consent.  No extension, modification, alteration or assignment of the Franchise Agreement shall 
in any manner release or discharge the Guarantors, and each of the Guarantors consents to any such 
extension, modification, alteration or assignment. 
2. 
This Guaranty will continue unchanged by the occurrence of any event of insolvency with respect 
to Franchisee or any assignee or successor of Franchisee or by any disaffirmance or abandonment of the 
Franchise Agreement by a trustee in bankruptcy of Franchisee.  Each Guarantor’s obligation to make 
payment or render performance in accordance with the terms of this Guaranty and any remedy for the 
enforcement of this Guaranty will not be impaired, modified, changed, released or limited in any manner 
whatsoever by any impairment, modification, change, release or limitation of the liability of Franchisee or 
its estate in bankruptcy or of any remedy for the enforcement thereof, resulting from the operation of any 
present or future provision of the U.S. Bankruptcy Act or other statute, or from the decision of any court or 
agency. 
3. 
Each Guarantor’s liability under this Guaranty is primary and independent of the liability of 
Franchisee and any other Guarantors.  Each Guarantor waives any right to require Cupbop to proceed 
against any other person or to proceed against or exhaust any security held by Cupbop at any time or to 
pursue any right of action accruing to Cupbop under the Franchise Agreement.  Cupbop may proceed 
against each Guarantor and Franchisee, jointly and severally or may, at its option, proceed against each 
Guarantor without having commenced any action, or having obtained any judgment, against Franchisee or 
any other Guarantor.  Each Guarantor waives the defense of the statute of limitations in any action under 
this Guaranty or for the collection of any indebtedness or the performance of any obligation guarantied 
pursuant to this Guaranty. 
4. 
The Guarantors unconditionally, individually, jointly and severally agree to pay all attorneys’ fees 
and all costs and other expenses incurred in any collection or attempted collection of this Guaranty or in 
any negotiations relative to the obligations guarantied or in enforcing this Guaranty against Franchisee. 
