 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
134 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document:  
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement – Exhibit G : Non-Disclosure and Non-Compete Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
EXTRAORDINARY RELIEF, FRANCHISEE OR THE COMPANY MAY BRING SUCH 
ACTION IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION. 
15. The parties acknowledge and agree that each of the covenants contained in this Agreement are 
reasonable limitations as to time, geographical area, and scope of activity to be restrained and do 
not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests 
of Franchisee or the Company. The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be 
construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement. If all or any portion 
of a covenant in this Agreement is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having 
valid jurisdiction in any unappealed final decision to which Franchisee or the Company is a part, 
Individual expressly agrees to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of the 
covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law as if the resulting covenant were 
separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement. 
16. Except with respect to any franchise agreement of the Company to which Individual has guarantied 
any obligations, this Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject 
matter of this Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, this Agreement may be 
modified only by a duly authorized writing executed by all parties. 
17. If Individual violates any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations in this Agreement, the 
obligation at issue will begin to run from the first date on which Individual ceases to be in violation 
of the obligation/the restriction period for all such restrictions shall automatically be extended by 
the period Individual was in violation of such obligation. 
18. All notices, requests, demands, payments, consents, and other communications hereunder will be 
transmitted in writing and sent by registered or certified United States mail, postage prepaid, or by 
overnight commercial courier to the following address or such other address as designated in 
writing pursuant to this Section: 
If to Franchisee: 
 
 
 
 
 
Attn:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If to Individual, at the address set forth in the signature block. 
Any notice will be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt, or, in the case of refusal to accept 
delivery or inability to deliver through no fault of the delivering party, the earlier of (i) the date of 
the attempted delivery or inability to deliver through no fault of the delivering party; (ii) the delivery 
date of the return receipt; or (iii) the date of the receipt of notice of refusal or notice of non-delivery 
by the sending party. 
19. The rights and remedies of Franchisee under this Agreement are fully assignable and transferable 
and inure to the benefit of its respective parent, successor and assigns.  Individual may not assign 
this Agreement or any part hereof. Any purported assignment by Individual shall be null and void 
from the initial date of purported assignment. 
