 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
92 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
b. LOCAL ADVERTISING. 
Franchisee agrees to spend, beginning one hundred twenty (120) days after Franchisee 
opens the Restaurant, at least one-half percent (0.5%) of the Restaurant’s monthly Gross Sales to 
advertise and promote the Restaurant locally (including sampling and special promotions). 
Cupbop reservez the right, in Cupbop’s sole discretion, to increase the minimum amount 
Franchisee is required to spend on local advertising to one percent (1%) upon written notice to 
Franchisee. At Cupbop’s request, Franchisee agrees to send Cupbop within thirty (30) days after 
the end of each month, in the manner Cupbop prescribes, an accounting of its expenditures for 
local advertising and promotion during the preceding month with receipts showing those 
expenditures.  
Franchisee’s local advertising must be pre-approved by Cupbop and all promotions must 
follow Cupbop’s guidelines. Franchisee may not use any advertising, promotional, or marketing 
materials that Cupbop has not approved or have disapproved. If Franchisee does so, then in 
addition to Cupbop’s other rights and remedies under this Agreement, Franchisee must pay 
Cupbop a One Thousand Dollar ($1,000) fee for each violation due upon receiving Cupbop’s 
invoice. This fee compensates Cupbop for, among other things, additional expenses that Cupbop 
will incur due to Franchisee’s breach of this restriction. Cupbop reserves the right to seek 
additional damages for any harm to the Cupbop name or brand. Franchisee may not develop, 
maintain, or authorize any Website, social media account or user-generated content that mentions 
or describes Franchisee or the Restaurant or displays any of the Marks. Franchisee agrees that its 
advertising, promotion, and marketing will be completely clear, factual, and not misleading and 
conform to both the highest standards of ethical advertising and marketing and the advertising and 
marketing policies that Cupbop prescribes from time to time. 
c. ADVERTISING FUND. 
Recognizing the value of advertising and marketing to the goodwill and public image of 
Cupbop Restaurants, Cupbop may in the future establish an Advertising and Development Fund 
(the “Fund”) for the advertising, marketing, and public relations programs and materials and the 
brand building and protection activities Cupbop deems appropriate to enhance the Cupbop brand. 
If the Fund is established, Franchisee agrees to contribute to the Fund the monthly amounts that 
Cupbop prescribes from time to time, not to exceed four and one-half percent (4.5%) of the 
Restaurant’s Gross Sales, payable at the same time and in the same manner as the Royalty. Cupbop 
Restaurants that Cupbop, Cupbop Co., or their affiliates own will contribute to the Fund on the 
same percentage basis as franchisees. 
Cupbop has the right to collect and deposit into the Fund any advertising, marketing, or 
similar allowances paid to Cupbop by suppliers who deal with Cupbop Restaurants and with whom 
Cupbop agrees to deposit these allowances. These payments are different from those that are not 
designated by suppliers to be used exclusively for advertising or similar purposes and that Cupbop 
and its affiliates therefore may use for any purposes they deem appropriate. 
Cupbop will direct all programs that the Fund finances, with sole control over the creative 
concepts, graphics, materials, communications media, and endorsements used and their 
geographic, market, and media placement and allocation. The Fund may pay for preparing and 
producing video, audio, and written materials and electronic media (including conducting on-line 
Internet and mobile advertising and marketing); developing, implementing, and maintaining an 
electronic commerce Website and/or related strategies; administering national, regional, and 
multi-regional marketing and advertising programs, including, without limitation, purchasing 
