 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
94 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
Subsection, Cupbop assumes no direct or indirect liability or obligation to Franchisee for 
collecting amounts due to, maintaining, directing, or administering the Fund. 
Cupbop may at any time defer, increase (up to the allowed limit), or reduce contributions 
to the Fund and, upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisee, reduce or suspend Fund 
contributions and operations for one or more periods of any length and terminate (and, if 
terminated, reinstate) the Fund. If Cupbop terminates the Fund, it will at its option spend all 
remaining Fund monies on permitted activities or distribute all unspent monies to Cupbop’s 
franchisees, and to Cupbop and its affiliates, in proportion to their respective Fund contributions 
during the preceding twelve (12) month period. 
d. COOPERATIVE ADVERTISING PROGRAMS. 
Cupbop has the right, in its sole discretion, to designate geographic areas for purposes of 
establishing local or regional advertising “Cooperatives.” If the Restaurant is within the territory 
of an existing Cooperative at the time Franchisee is open for business, Franchisee will immediately 
become a member of such Cooperative. Each member will be entitled to one vote for each 
Restaurant owned in the geographic area. If a Cooperative applicable to the Restaurant is 
established during the term of this Agreement, Franchisee will become a member no later than 
thirty (30) days after the date Cupbop approves the Cooperative to commence operation. In no 
event will Franchisee be required to be a member of more than one Cooperative for the Restaurant. 
The following provisions will apply to each Cooperative: 
Each Cooperative will be organized and governed by operating procedures and will 
commence operations on a date approved in advance by Cupbop in writing. No changes in the 
bylaws or other governing documents of a Cooperative will be made without Cupbop’s prior 
written consent. Cupbop has the power to form, change, or dissolve the Cooperative. 
Each Cooperative will be organized for the exclusive purpose of administering regional 
advertising programs and developing, subject to Cupbop’s approval, promotional materials for use 
by the members in local advertising.  Cupbop has the right to require Franchisee to contribute to 
the Cooperative an amount up to two percent (2%) of Gross Sales monthly, which is in addition 
to any Fund fees and local advertising fees.  If a Cooperative is instituted, Cupbop will notify 
Franchisee from time to time of the amount Franchisee must pay and the timing of the payment.   
No advertising or promotional plans or materials may be used by a Cooperative or 
furnished to its members without Cupbop’s prior written approval. 
Cupbop, at its sole discretion, may grant to any franchisee an exemption for any length of 
time from the requirement of membership in a Cooperative, and/or from the obligation to 
contribute thereto (including a reduction, deferral, or waiver of such contribution), upon a written 
request stating sufficient reasons to support such exemption. Cupbop’s decision concerning any 
request for exemption will be final.  Cupbop may require, at its discretion, the exempt franchisee 
to spend on local advertising the amount that otherwise would have been contributed to the 
Cooperative. 
e. MAXIMUM ADVERTISING FEES. 
In no event will the amount Franchisee is required to spend on local advertising, Fund fees 
and advertising cooperative fees exceed six and one-half percent (6.5%) of Gross Sales. 
