 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
101 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
iv. Franchisee agrees to sign the franchise agreement and any ancillary agreements 
Cupbop then uses to grant franchises for Cupbop Restaurants (modified as 
necessary to reflect the fact that it is for a successor franchise), which may contain 
provisions that differ materially from any and all of those contained in this 
Agreement (and will grant no further successor franchise rights).  
v. Franchisee (and each of its owners) signs general releases, in a form satisfactory 
to Cupbop and substantially the same as attached hereto as Exhibit F, of any and 
all claims against Cupbop and its owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, 
agents, successors, and assigns.  
vi. Franchisee pays Cupbop a successor franchise fee equal to Ten Thousand Dollars 
($10,000). 
Franchisee or its owners’ failure to sign the agreements and releases under subparagraphs 
(iv) and (v) and to deliver them to Cupbop for acceptance and execution together with the 
successor franchise fee required under subparagraph (vi) within thirty (30) days after their delivery 
to Franchisee will be considered an election not to acquire a successor franchise. 
If Franchisee (and each of its owners) are not, both on the date it gives Cupbop written 
notice of its election to acquire a successor franchise and on the date on which the term of the 
successor franchise is scheduled to commence, in full compliance with this Agreement and all 
System Standards, Franchisee acknowledges that Cupbop needs not grant Franchisee a successor 
franchise, whether or not Cupbop had, or chose to exercise, the right to terminate this Agreement 
during its term under Subsection 15(B). 
b. REQUIRED NOTICE. 
Franchisee agrees to give Cupbop written notice of its election to acquire a successor 
franchise no more than two hundred twenty (220) days and no less than one hundred eighty (180) 
days before this Agreement expires. Cupbop agrees to give Franchisee written notice, not more 
than ninety (90) days after Cupbop receives Franchisee’s notice, of its decision: 
i. to grant Franchisee a successor franchise; 
ii. to grant Franchisee a successor franchise on the condition that Franchisee corrects 
existing deficiencies of the Restaurant or in its operation of the Restaurant; or 
iii. not to grant Franchisee a successor franchise based on Cupbop’s determination 
that Franchisee and its owners have not substantially complied with this 
Agreement during its term or were not in full compliance with this Agreement and 
all System Standards on the date Franchisee gave Cupbop written notice of its 
election to acquire a successor franchise. 
Cupbop will not unreasonably withhold its consent to a successor franchise if the 
conditions specified in this Section 14 have been satisfied.  
If applicable, Cupbop’s notice to Franchisee will describe the remodeling, expansion, 
improvements and/or modifications required to bring the Restaurant into compliance with then 
applicable System Standards for new Cupbop Restaurants; and state the actions Franchisee must 
take to correct operating deficiencies and the time period in which Franchisee must correct these 
