 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
140 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
 AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
 
This Area Development Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into this ___ day of 
__________, 20___ (the “Effective Date”) by and between CUPBOP FRANCHISE, LLC, a Utah limited 
liability company with its principal business address at 12184 S Business Park Drive, Suite C, Draper, UT 
84020 (“Cupbop”), and   
 
 
, a  
 
 
 
, 
with 
its 
principal 
address at 
 
 
 
 (“Developer”).  Developer and Cupbop may be referred to 
herein individually as a “Party” or collectively as the “Parties.”   
 
WHEREAS, Cupbop is in the business of granting to qualified individuals or entities, franchises 
(each a “Franchise”) for the rights to operate Cupbop® branded restaurants (a “Cupbop Restaurant”) using 
Cupbop’s registered and unregistered trademarks, and other trademarks, trade names, service marks, 
trademarks, logos, emblems, and the like that Cupbop authorizes from time to time (the “Marks”) and its 
system for the operation of a Cupbop restaurant offering a menu of high quality traditional and modern 
Korean barbecue, Korean and other Asian cuisine and other food and beverage products authorized by 
Cupbop (the “System”).  
 
WHEREAS, Cupbop has the right to grant each Franchise and license the Marks and the System 
pursuant to a license agreement with its parent, Cupbop Co. (“Parent”); 
 
WHEREAS, Cupbop grants each Franchise solely pursuant to a written franchise agreement 
signed by both Parties (each a “Franchise Agreement”); 
 
WHEREAS, Cupbop may also grant, in its sole discretion, the right to acquire multiple Franchises 
for the development and operation of Cupbop Restaurants within a defined geographic area (the 
“Development Area”) pursuant to an agreed upon schedule (the “Development Schedule”); and 
 
WHEREAS, Developer desires to acquire and develop multiple Franchises and Cupbop agrees to 
grant such rights under the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, and covenants in this 
Agreement and subject to this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
GRANT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS; TERM 
a. 
Development Rights. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, Cupbop hereby 
grants to Developer the right, and Developer accepts and undertakes the obligation, to acquire Franchises 
and develop and operate multiple Cupbop Restaurants (the “Development Rights”) within the Development 
Area and in strict compliance with the Development Schedule, both as set forth in Exhibit A.  The 
Development Rights are limited to the rights to acquire Franchises in accordance with this Agreement and 
the Development Schedule.  The rights to develop and operate each individual Franchise and to use 
Cupbop’s Marks are granted only pursuant to individual Franchise Agreements.   
b. 
Term.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Development Rights shall 
commence on the Effective Date and continue until the earlier of: (i) the date on which the last Cupbop 
Restaurant listed on the Development Schedule is open for regular business, or (ii) the last day listed on the 
Development Schedule (the “Term”).  Developer shall have no right to renew or extend the Term or the 
rights herein granted. 
