 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
93 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
trade journal, direct mail, and other media advertising, and using advertising, promotion, and 
marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance; and supporting public relations, 
market research, and other advertising, promotion, and marketing activities. 
The Fund periodically may give Franchisee samples of advertising, marketing, and 
promotional formats and materials at no cost. Cupbop may sell Franchisee multiple copies of these 
materials at Cupbop’s direct cost of producing them, plus any related shipping, handling, and 
storage charges. 
Cupbop will account for the Fund separately from its other monies and not use the Fund 
for any of Cupbop’s general operating expenses. However, Cupbop may use the Fund to pay (1) 
the reasonable salaries and benefits of personnel who manage and administer the Fund and work 
on Fund business/activities; (2) the Fund’s other administrative costs; (3) travel expenses of 
personnel while they are on Fund business; (4) meeting costs; (5) overhead relating to Fund 
business; and (6) other expenses that Cupbop incurs in activities reasonably related to 
administering or directing the Fund and its programs and collecting and accounting for Fund 
contributions, including, without limitation, taxes Cupbop must pay on Fund contributions Cupbop 
receives, conducting market research, public relations, and preparing advertising, promotion, and 
marketing materials. 
Although the Fund is not a trust, Cupbop will hold all Fund contributions for the benefit 
of the contributors and use contributions only for the purposes described in this Subsection. 
Cupbop does not owe any fiduciary obligation to Franchisee for administering the Fund or any 
other reason. The Fund may spend in any fiscal year more or less than the total Fund contributions 
in that year, borrow from Cupbop or others (paying reasonable interest) to cover deficits, or invest 
any surplus for future use. Cupbop will use all interest earned on Fund contributions to pay costs 
before using the Fund’s other assets. 
Cupbop will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of Fund collections and expenses and 
give Franchisee a copy of the statement upon written request. Cupbop may (but are not required 
to) have the Fund audited, at the Fund’s expense, by an independent certified public accountant 
Cupbop selects. Cupbop may incorporate the Fund or operate it through a separate entity whenever 
Cupbop deems appropriate. The successor entity will have all of the rights and duties specified in 
this Subsection. 
Cupbop intends that the Fund be used to maximize recognition of the Marks, enhance 
system protection of the Marks, and increase patronage of Cupbop Restaurants. Although Cupbop 
will try to use the Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs, and to place 
advertising and marketing, that will benefit all Cupbop Restaurants, Cupbop need not ensure that 
Fund expenditures in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to Fund 
contributions by Cupbop Restaurants operating in that geographic area or that any Cupbop 
Restaurant benefits directly or in proportion to its Fund contributions from the development of 
advertising and marketing materials or the placement of advertising and marketing. The Fund will 
not be used principally to develop materials and programs to solicit franchisees. However, media, 
materials, and programs (including the Franchise System Website) prepared using Fund 
contributions may describe Cupbop’s franchise program, reference the availability of franchises 
and related information, and process franchise leads. 
Cupbop has the right, but no obligation, to use collection agents and institute legal 
proceedings at the Fund’s expense to collect Fund contributions. Cupbop also may forgive, waive, 
settle, and compromise all claims by or against the Fund. Except as expressly provided in this 
