 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
15 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
Purchases According to Our Specifications 
You must purchase only soft goods, small wares, utensils, cleaning supplies, novelty items and other 
miscellaneous and designated items that we require from any supplier who satisfies our standards and 
specifications, as contained in the Brand Standards Manual and other written or electronically transmitted 
materials that we or an affiliate furnish to you.  These specifications cover quality, accuracy, preparation, 
installation, application, delivery, performance, design and appearance and may be modified upon written 
notice to you.  In some instances, you must purchase items that comply with our reasonable subjective 
determination of whether they meet the standards and comport with the Cupbop® image.  If we have not 
provided specifications, you may purchase any items that reasonably meet the requirements of the business, 
however, we reserve the right to disapprove of a vendor whose performance and products fall below our 
standards and specifications.    
In addition, you must obtain and maintain, at your own expense, the insurance coverage we periodically 
require and satisfy other insurance-related obligations.  
Restaurants must currently maintain special form property coverage insurance for the Restaurant’s build-
out and contents for full replacement cost value and comprehensive general liability, including products 
and completed operations broad form contractual liability, personal and advertising injury, and premises 
medical and fire damage legal liability.  For each Cupbop Restaurant, you must obtain General Liability 
Insurance with limits of at least $2 million per occurrence and an aggregate of $2 million per location (a $1 
million umbrella may be used to satisfy the $2 million occurrence).  This policy must include an additional 
insured endorsement naming us as an additional insured as well as a waiver of subrogation in favor of 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC and its affiliates. You must have business interruption insurance on Actual Loss 
Sustained Basis or Loss of Income Basis for up to 12 months. Workers' compensation and employer’s 
liability insurance must be obtained to satisfy state law.  Employer’s liability limit must be obtained with 
limits of at least $1 million. The premiums for the required coverages depend on the insurance carrier's 
charges, terms of payment, and your history. 
Despite the above, we may change the required insurance coverage, including the terms, conditions, and 
coverage amounts, at any time and for any or no reason. 
Development of the Restaurant 
You are responsible for developing the Restaurant. The site for a Restaurant and any applicable lease must 
be approved by us and must include any required terms in our lease addendum.  We will give you mandatory 
and suggested specifications and layouts for the Restaurant, including requirements for exterior design, 
dimensions, image, interior layout, décor, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and color scheme. These 
specifications might not reflect the requirements of any federal, state, or local law, code, or regulation, 
including those arising under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar rules governing public 
accommodations for disabled persons.  You are responsible to make any plans or specifications you are 
provided comply with any applicable laws or regulations.  You must select a general contractor for the 
buildout of your Restaurant. However, we reserve the rights to approve or deny the use of any contractor. 
We must approve all final plans before construction begins and you are responsible for the oversight of all 
work to ensure compliance.  You must maintain appropriate insurance coverage during the course of any 
construction. 
