 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
68 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Notes to Financi.al Statements 
December 31, 2023 and 20 22 
Note 1. 
Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Nature of Operations 
Cupbop Fr.n:hise, LLC (the C.011'\'any) was organized on Noverrt>e.r 14. 2014 unde.r the laws of the state of U::.ah 
as a l1t..YI corporation. Effective Oeoember 31. 2016. the Company converted to an LLC. 
The Company is a franchise company for the Cupbop Comp.any. The Company gr.:nts franchisees the right to 
opera:e a pl'Yfsical stotefrorr: loca:ion :nd/or a mobile food t:n..d. using the Cupbop name and marks. 
Use of Estimates 
The prepara1ion of financial sta:ements in oon."orrri!y with accoJnting principles generalty accep:ed in the Unt ed 
SU:es of America r.equires manage~ to ITUlte estimates and assUTiptions that affect the reported amouna of 
asse::s and fiabil:ities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities a: the date of the financial statemen!S and 
the repoRed am::,una of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Aaual results oould diffe.r from those 
estimates. 
The use of estimates is peNasive throughout these financial state.rnen!S. Key estimates made in the 
~nying financial statements include, among others, alJowanoes fo.r c:recfrt losses rela:ed to doubtfu 
aCCOU'1tS receivable. The currerr: economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inl'Tlere.nt in these 
estimates and assumptions. 
Accounts Receivable 
Ac:cou,ts receival)f'.e are stated at the amount billed to customers pJus any accrued and unpaid in:erest. The 
Company provides. an allcmance for cted'ri losses. which is based upon a review of outstanding receivables. 
his:orical collection infonna:ion and existing eoonorric ooncfrtions. 
Ac:cou,ts receivable are ordinarily due 30 days afte.r the issuance of the invoice. Ao::ounts past due more than 
120 days are considered delinquent. Jn:erest oon1inues to accrue on delinquent aCCOU'1tS until the a.oc:ount is past 
due more than one year. at wt'lKh time interest ac:c:rual ceases and does not resume until the ac:count is no longer 
classified as delinquent. Credit loss expense re.lated to delinquent receivables are written off based on incfMdUll 
ctecfrt evalu.:r:ion and specific circumstances of the customer. No credit loss expense was incurred during the 
ye.vs ended Oecem:>e.r 31. 2023 or 2022. 
Contract Liabilities 
Contraa liabil ities represent the Company's oblig.:r:ion to tr.:nsfe.r goods or seMOeS to a custorne.r when 
oonsidera:ion has already been received from the cus,:ome.r. These consist primarily of deferred franchise fee 
revenues on the balance sheets. 
Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment acquisitions are stated at oost. less accumJlated depreciation and runortiz.r:ion. 
Depreciation and amortiza:ion are charged to expense on the s,:raigh:.Jine basis ever the estimated useful life of 
each asset 
The estimated useful lives fo.r each major depreciable classification d property and equipment are a.s follows: 
Website developmen; 
Fumiture and tixtur.-es 
3yeYS 
3yeYS 
7 
