 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
29 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
If you appoint a “General Manager” to manage the Restaurant on-site on a day-to-day basis. We must 
approve your proposed General Manager, but the General Manager does not need to have an equity interest 
in the franchised business.  
All owners in your entity that own at least 5% of your outstanding ownership interests must sign a 
guaranty.   
The General Manager, other owners, onsite managers other than the General Manager and/or training 
attendees may be required to sign a confidentiality agreement in a form determined by us.  
You may replace the General Manager as you deem appropriate, although a replacement General Manager 
must complete to our satisfaction our training requirements within 90 days after departure of the previous 
General Manager, and you must identify for us and we first must approve any new or replacement General 
Manager. 
ITEM 16: 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must offer and sell all items and perform all services we require for Cupbop® Restaurants.  You may 
only offer those goods and services that we authorize and designate.  You must prepare all menu items in 
strict compliance with our methods, specifications, recipes, and operational requirements as set forth in 
our System Standards, Brand Standards Manual, or otherwise and must follow all System Standards 
related to the operation of a Cupbop® Restaurant.     
We reserve the right to add new services or products that you may be required to offer and sell at any time, 
and any new changes will become and remain part of our System Standards.  We may set prices as part of 
our System Standards in the Brands Standards Manuals.  We own all improvements or changes to our system 
whether we or you develop them, and we have the right to adopt and perfect such improvements or changes 
without compensating you.  If we modify the system, you must adopt and use the modifications as if they 
were part of the System Standards at the time you signed the Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 17: 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You should 
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
Provision 
Section in Franchise or 
Other Agreement 
Summary 
a. 
Length of the 
franchise term 
1D of Franchise Agreement 
10 years from the date that your 
Cupbop® 
Restaurant 
opens 
for 
business. 
1B of Area Development 
Agreement 
Term ends on the opening date of the 
last Cupbop Restaurant covered by 
the Development Schedule or on the 
last day listed on the Development 
Schedule. 
