 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
82 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
account at its bank or financial institution sufficient to allow the appropriate amount to be debited 
from Franchisee’s account for payment of all fees and payments.   
On or before the 10th day of each month, Franchisee agrees to send Cupbop on a form 
Cupbop approves (or as Cupbop otherwise directs) a signed statement of the Restaurant’s Gross 
Sales and monthly inventory for the preceding calendar month. Each monthly statement of Gross 
Sales must be accompanied by the Royalty due for that month. 
If Franchisee fails to report the Restaurant’s Gross Sales, Cupbop may debit Franchisee’s 
account for one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the last Royalty and Fund contribution that 
Cupbop debited (together with the late fee noted in Subsection 3(D) below). If the amounts Cupbop 
debits from Franchisee’s account are less than the amounts Franchisee actually owes Cupbop (once 
it has determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales), Cupbop will debit Franchisee’s account for 
the balance on the day Cupbop specifies. If the amounts Cupbop debits exceed the amounts 
Franchisee actually owes, Cupbop will credit the excess against the amounts due during the 
following month. 
Cupbop may apply any payments received from Franchisee to any of Franchisee’s past 
due indebtedness to Cupbop or its affiliates. Cupbop may set off any amounts Franchisee or its 
owners owe Cupbop or its affiliates against any amounts Cupbop or its affiliates owe Franchisee 
or its owners. Franchisee may not withhold payment of any amounts Franchisee owes Cupbop or 
its affiliates due to Cupbop’s alleged nonperformance of any of its obligations under this 
Agreement.  Cupbop may require Franchisee to pay any amounts due to Cupbop or its affiliates 
under this Agreement (or otherwise) other than by automatic debit (e.g., by check) whenever 
Cupbop deems appropriate, and Franchisee agrees to comply with its payment instructions. 
Franchisee agrees that it will not withhold payment of any amounts owed to Cupbop or its 
affiliates on the grounds of Cupbop’s alleged nonperformance of any of its obligations under this 
Agreement or for any other reason, and Franchisee specifically waives any right it may have at 
law or in equity to offset any funds it may owe Cupbop or its affiliates or to fail or refuse to perform 
any of its obligations under this Agreement.  
d. LATE FEES AND INTEREST. 
Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop a late fee for each required payment not made on or 
before its original due date and for each payment not honored by its financial institution. This late 
fee will equal ten percent (10%) of the original amount due but not paid on time. The late fee is 
not interest or a penalty but compensates Cupbop for increased administrative and management 
costs due to the late payment. In addition, all past due amounts that owed to Cupbop for any reason 
will bear interest accruing as of their original due date at one and eighteen percent (18%) per 
annum or the highest commercial contract interest rate the law allows, whichever is less. 
Franchisee also must reimburse Cupbop’s bank charges for Franchisee’s dishonored payments. 
Cupbop may debit Franchisee’s bank account automatically for late fees and interest. Franchisee 
acknowledges that this Subsection is not Cupbop’s agreement to accept any payments after they 
are due or its commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of, the 
Restaurant. 
e. TAXES. 
In addition to any sales, use, excise, privilege, or other transaction taxes that Cupbop is 
required or permitted by law to collect from Franchisee for the sale, lease, or other provision of 
