 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
12 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
payments vary widely from lease to lease.  You will make rental payments to the landlord.  You will 
need to cover the cost of your security deposits for your lease (if any), as your landlord may require.   
4. 
These estimates include construction costs (labor and material) for typical tenant improvements 
and remodeling to prepare a site for your Restaurant. Leasehold improvements vary greatly 
depending on the location you select (and we approve) for your Cupbop® Restaurant. A few of the 
factors that determine the costs of leasehold improvements include: (i) whether the space has 
previously been used as for similar purposes or is a new building, (ii) how much the landlord will 
contribute to the leasehold improvements and (iii) your ability to locate and retain cost-effective 
contractors. These estimates do not include lease costs.  You must also purchase the furniture, 
fixtures, and equipment we require.  We may designate certain required suppliers, or you may 
purchase equipment from a vendor of your choice as we designate.  However, all equipment must 
meet our specifications as updated from time to time. 
5. 
You are required to spend a minimum of $10,000 in grand opening advertising for your Restaurant 
within 90 to 120 days of opening.  You are currently also required to spend 0.5% of your Gross 
Sales on local advertising. We may require that you spend up to 1% of your Gross Sales on local 
advertising. All advertising must be approved by us. 
6. 
This estimate includes the initial costs of food, drinks, paper, menus, uniforms for employees, and 
additional other supplies required to operate according to our system.  The costs will vary depending 
upon your inventory levels and storage space. 
7. 
You are required to use our specified point-of-sale system for your Restaurant.  Fees for continued 
use of our specified system are currently included in your credit card processing fees. You must also 
obtain and use our designated accounting software, currently Quickbooks Online, from our designated 
vendor. The current annual cost for this software is $200, but may change at any time as designated 
by the vendor.  You must have this in place no later than 60 days prior to opening. 
8. 
You must purchase the necessary office equipment and supplies for the operation of your business, 
including items such as a back office computer, telephone, copy/fax/scanner, office furniture, and 
disposable office supplies (paper, pens, etc.). 
9. 
You are required to purchase our specified signage, which includes signage on the fascia of the 
building and any available street signs, pylon signs, and directional signs. 
10. 
You may be required to pay a security or other deposit for utility or related services, including 
telephone, gas, and electricity services.  These are typically required at the time the service is applied 
for and may or may not be refundable.  You must confirm all of the specific deposits required.   
11. 
You must maintain certain business and related licenses in order to operate your Restaurant.  You 
should check with local authorities or consult with an advisor or attorney to verify that you have 
obtained all necessary permits and licenses.  The amount for licenses and permits can vary significantly 
based on location and you should verify the required amounts with the applicable authorities. 
12. 
You are required to maintain certain types and amounts of insurance related to the operation of your 
Restaurant.  Insurance costs depend on the type of policy, the limits, the type and values of any 
assets covered, revenues, employees, type and size of the physical space, location, and other related 
factors.  You should check with your insurance agent regarding any additional coverage you may 
