 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
2 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
Agent for Service of Process 
Our agent for service of process in Utah, the state of our incorporation, is Corporate Agent Services, 
LLC at 36 South State Street, Suite 1900, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.  Please see Exhibit A to this 
Disclosure Document for a list of the names and addresses of our agents for service of process in various 
other states.     
The Business We Offer 
We grant franchises the right to operate a restaurant using the Cupbop® name and marks (“Restaurant”).  
Cupbop Restaurants are typically located in strip shopping centers or free-standing locations and provide 
carry-out, off-premises indoor event catering, and on-premises dining services.  You will be required to 
sign the Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit C for a Restaurant. 
(“Franchise Agreement”) 
Cupbop Restaurants sell Korean style barbeque rice cups, salads, chicken wings, potstickers, and other 
permitted food and beverage products prepared according to specific recipes and procedures using high 
quality ingredients, including specially-formulated and specially-produced proprietary sauces and 
marinades.  We reserve the right to change our menu at any time and require that all Restaurants are operated 
according to our system and standards.  
We may also grant area developer rights to qualified franchisees to develop multiple Restaurants within a 
defined area over a specific time period according to a pre-determined development schedule.  These area 
developers must sign the area development agreement (the “Area Development Agreement”) and may open 
Restaurants directly or through approved controlled affiliates.  Under an Area Development Agreement, 
you commit to developing a specific number of Restaurants, according to a specified schedule (the 
“Development Schedule”), in a specified geographic area (the “Development Area”). The size and 
configuration of the Development Area and the number of Restaurants you will be required to open are 
listed on the Development Schedule. The Development Area will be determined based on local market 
conditions, demographics, and the number of Restaurants you agree to develop. The Area Development 
Agreement does not grant you the right to open a Restaurant or to use the Marks or the System. Rather, it 
controls your rights and obligations to acquire franchises. You will be required to sign an individual 
Franchise Agreement that will govern the operation of the Restaurant at its identified premises for each 
Restaurant that is developed pursuant to the Area Development Agreement. You must execute a Franchise 
Agreement for your first Restaurant at the same time you execute the Area Development Agreement. For 
each subsequent Restaurant to be developed you will sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement, 
the terms of which may materially differ from the form Franchise Agreement that is attached as Exhibit C 
to this Disclosure Document, when we accept your proposed site for such Restaurant. The Area 
Development Agreement is included as Exhibit D to this Disclosure Document.  
Market and Competition 
You will compete with other full-service, fast casual, fast food restaurants, as well as specialty and grocery 
stores that offer food and food related products.  These restaurants and businesses may be associated with 
national or regional chains or be local independent businesses.  The market for our type of food products 
and services is generally developed and very competitive.  
