 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
118 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
its owners agree to sign and deliver to Cupbop a revised Exhibit C to reflect any permitted changes 
to the ownership of the Franchisee and to supplement the existing or execute a new Guaranty as 
needed to reflect any such changes; 
e. The Restaurant and other Cupbop Restaurants, if applicable, will be the only businesses 
Franchisee operates (although Franchisee’s owners may have other, non-competitive business 
interests if they do not conflict with its obligations under this Agreement); and 
f. Franchisee’s legal business name does not use any Mark as part of the name or use any 
name that is the same as or similar to, or an acronym or abbreviation of, Cupbop’s name (although 
Franchisee may register the "assumed name" or "doing business as" name "Cupbop" in the 
jurisdictions where Franchisee is formed and qualify to do business). 
24. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.  
a. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. Franchisee acknowledges that:  
i. Complete and detailed uniformity among Cupbop franchisees under varying 
conditions may be inadvisable, impractical, or impossible, and accordingly agrees 
that Cupbop, in its sole and absolute right, may modify or vary System Standards 
as to any franchisee or group of franchisees based on, for example, local sales 
potential, demographics, competition, business practices or other conditions.  
Franchisee further agrees that Cupbop will have no obligation to disclose or offer 
the same or similar variances to Franchisee.  Franchisee is aware that other Cupbop 
franchisees may operate under different agreements, and, consequently, that 
Cupbop’s obligations and rights as to those franchisees may differ materially in 
certain circumstances.  
FRANCHISEE’S INITIALS: ________ 
ii. Franchisee has made no payment to Cupbop before the execution of this 
Agreement. 
FRANCHISEE’S INITIALS: ________ 
iii. Franchisee has received a Franchise Disclosure Document at least fourteen (14) 
calendar days before entering into a binding agreement with or making any 
payment to Cupbop and have signed a receipt page indicating the day Franchisee 
received the Franchise Disclosure Document.  
FRANCHISEE’S INITIALS: ________ 
 
[signatures follow on the next page] 
