 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
103 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
Franchisee’s termination of this Agreement other than according to this Subsection will 
be deemed a termination without cause and a breach of this Agreement. 
b. BY CUPBOP. 
Cupbop may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice of 
termination to Franchisee, if: 
i. Franchisee (or any of its owners) have made or make any material 
misrepresentation or omission in acquiring the Franchise or operating the 
Restaurant; 
ii. Franchisee does not locate, and sign a Lease or purchase document for, an 
acceptable site for the Premises within one hundred twenty (120) days after the 
Effective Date; 
iii. Franchisee does not open the Restaurant for business within the time period 
specified in Subsection 2(F) above, or Franchisee opens the Restaurant for 
business before Cupbop notifies Franchisee in writing that the Restaurant meets 
Cupbop’s standards and specifications; 
iv. Franchisee (or the Managing Owner or General Manager, if the Managing Owner 
or General Manager is to be involved in the Restaurant’s on-site, day-to-day 
operation) do not complete to Cupbop’s satisfaction initial training; 
v. Franchisee (a) abandons the Restaurant, meaning that Franchisee has deserted or 
walked away from the Restaurant under circumstances leading Cupbop to 
conclude that Franchisee has no intent to return in the foreseeable future, 
regardless of the number of days that have passed since the apparent abandonment, 
or (b) fails actively to operate the Restaurant for three (3) or more consecutive 
business days, unless Franchisee closes the Restaurant for a purpose Cupbop 
approves or because of casualty or government order; 
vi. Franchisee surrenders or transfers control of the Restaurant’s operation to a third 
party without Cupbop’s prior written consent; 
vii. Franchisee (or any of its owners) are or have been convicted by a trial court of, or 
plead or have pleaded no contest to, a felony; 
viii. Franchisee fails to maintain the insurance Cupbop requires and do not correct the 
failure within ten (10) days after Cupbop delivers written notice of that failure to 
Franchisee; 
ix. Franchisee (or any of its owners) engage in any dishonest or unethical conduct 
that, in Cupbop’s opinion, adversely affects the Restaurant’s reputation or the 
goodwill associated with the Marks; 
x. Franchisee (or any of its owners or, if one or more of its owners is an Entity, the 
owner of a controlling interest in that Entity) make or attempt to make an 
unauthorized assignment of this Agreement, an ownership interest in Franchisee 
(or its owner), or the Restaurant; 
