 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
75 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into this ____ day of __________ 
20__ (the “Effective Date”), by and between Cupbop Franchise, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, 
with its principal business address at 12184 South Business Park Drive, Suite C, Draper, UT 84020 
(“Cupbop”), and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
, a(n)   
 
 
 
, with its principal business address at   
 
 
 
 
 (“Franchisee”). 
Cupbop and Franchisee are sometimes referred to herein individually as a “Party” and collectively as the 
“Parties.” 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, Cupbop and its affiliates have developed (and continue to develop and modify) a 
system for the operation of restaurants offering a menu of high quality traditional and modern Korean 
barbecue, Korean and other Asian cuisine, and other permitted food and beverage products. Most menu 
items are prepared according to Cupbop’s specified recipes, standards, and procedures and use high quality 
ingredients, including its specially-formulated and specially-produced proprietary sauces, marinades, and 
other food products. Other food products and non-food products that are branded and/or packaged 
exclusively for its system and franchisees must be offered for sale.  Restaurants operate under the 
“Cupbop®” name and other trademarks (“Cupbop Restaurants”) and have distinctive business formats, 
methods, procedures, signs, designs, layouts, standards, and specifications, all of which Cupbop may 
improve, further develop, or otherwise modify from time to time.  Franchisee is granted the right to operate 
a physical storefront location under this Agreement. 
WHEREAS, Cupbop and its affiliates currently use, promote, and license certain trademarks, 
service marks, and other commercial symbols in operating Cupbop Restaurants, which have gained and 
will continue to gain public acceptance and goodwill, and may create, use, and license new trademarks, 
service marks, and commercial symbols for Cupbop Restaurants (collectively, the “Marks”). Cupbop uses 
and sublicenses the Marks with the permission of its affiliate, Cupbop Co., the owner of the Marks. 
WHEREAS, Cupbop grants to persons who meet its qualifications, and are willing to undertake 
the investment and effort, a franchise to operate a Cupbop Restaurant offering the Menu Items and services 
Cupbop requires and using the mandatory business formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs, layouts, 
standards, specifications, operating procedures, rules and Marks (collectively, the “System Standards”). 
WHEREAS, as a Cupbop franchisee, Franchisee must comply with this Agreement and all System 
Standards that Cupbop periodically prescribes for Cupbop Restaurants in order to maintain the high and 
consistent quality that is critical to attracting and keeping customers. 
WHEREAS, Franchisee has applied for a franchise to operate a Cupbop Restaurant. 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and 
considerations set forth herein, Franchisee and Cupbop hereby agree as follows: 
1. FRANCHISE RIGHTS. 
a. GRANT OF FRANCHISE. 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Cupbop grants to Franchisee, and Franchisee 
hereby accepts, the non-exclusive right and license to operate a Cupbop Restaurant (the 
