 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
124 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document: 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement – Exhibit D : Lease Addendum 
 
4916-3889-4373 
and Tenant agree to execute documents acceptable to Landlord in its reasonable discretion 
confirming this assignment and assumption in form acceptable to Landlord in its reasonable 
discretion, including a short form of Assignment and Assumption of Lease suitable for recording. 
If Cupbop takes assignment of the Lease pursuant to this Section, Cupbop shall be deemed to have 
assumed all obligations of Tenant under the Lease, and shall be obligated to cure any default in 
existence on the date of such assignment and assumption (the “Assumption Date”) within the 
timeframe set forth in the Lease for curing such default after the Assumption Date. Landlord may 
rely upon any notice from Cupbop that Cupbop has assumed the Lease, notwithstanding any claim 
to the contrary or contesting Cupbop’s right to assume the Lease by Tenant, and, as a condition of 
the assumption, Cupbop agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Landlord from any and all claims, 
losses, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Landlord as 
a result of any claim by Tenant as a result of Cupbop’s exercise of this assumption right. 
3. If Cupbop takes assignment and assumption of the Lease and the Leased Premises, Cupbop may 
subsequently grant a franchise at the Leased Premises to another Cupbop franchisee and may assign 
the Lease to a new Cupbop franchisee, provided that Cupbop notifies the Landlord of such 
assignment, and Cupbop and the new franchisee execute an assignment and assumption of lease 
agreement in form acceptable to Landlord in its reasonable discretion. Cupbop shall remain liable 
under the Lease notwithstanding such assignment and assumption unless the new franchisee has a 
tangible net worth at least equivalent to the tangible net worth of Tenant on this effective date of 
this Lease as reasonably determined by Landlord or Landlord, in its sole discretion, agrees in 
writing to release Cupbop from liability. Landlord shall permit the assignment of the Lease and 
Leased Premises to said franchisee without the payment of any fee or other cost requirement. The 
parties agree to execute any commercially reasonable documents in furtherance of this Section. 
4. During the Lease Term, Landlord and Tenant grant to Cupbop the right to enter the Leased Premises 
upon reasonable notice during regular business hours to:  
a. inspect and audit Tenant’s business;  
b. make any modifications necessary to protect Cupbop trademarks, provided such 
modifications are made in accordance with the terms of the Lease; or  
c. remove all Cupbop signage, trademarked items and other related materials, provided such 
removal is done in accordance with the terms of the Lease. 
5. Landlord will endeavor to give Cupbop written notice of any Tenant default under the Lease, and 
Landlord further agrees that it will not terminate the Lease or evict Tenant from the Premises unless 
it has given Cupbop written notice of the Tenant default and Cupbop has had the time period after 
Cupbop’s receipt of such notice provided for the curing of such default under the Lease before 
Landlord may exercise such remedy. Landlord acknowledges and understands that by curing 
Tenant’s default, Cupbop does not assume and Landlord shall not hold it responsible for any 
liabilities of Tenant unless Cupbop assumes the Lease as provided in Section 2 herein. All notices 
directed to Cupbop shall be sent to: 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Attn: Dok Kwon 
12184 South Business Park Drive, Suite C 
Draper, UT 84020  
