 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
83 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
goods or services under this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop an amount equal to all 
federal, state, local, and foreign (i) sales, use, excise, privilege, occupation, or any other 
transactional taxes, and (ii) any other taxes or similar exactions no matter how designated 
(excluding only taxes imposed on Cupbop for the privilege of conducting business and calculated 
with respect to its net income, capital, net worth, gross receipts, or some other basis or combination 
thereof, but not excluding any gross receipts taxes imposed on Cupbop for Franchisee’s payments 
intended to reimburse Cupbop for expenditures incurred for Franchisee’s benefit and on its behalf) 
that are imposed on Cupbop or required to be withheld by Franchisee in connection with the receipt 
or accrual of service fees, royalties, or any other amounts payable by Franchisee to Cupbop under 
this Agreement. Any additional required payment pursuant to the preceding sentence must be 
made in an amount necessary to provide Cupbop with after-tax receipts (taking into account any 
additional payments required under this Agreement) equal to the same amounts Cupbop would 
have received under the provisions of this Agreement had such additional tax liability or 
withholding not been imposed or required. 
4. PARTICIPATION IN THE BUSINESS 
If Franchisee is signing this Agreement as an individual or sole proprietor, Franchisee is 
responsible for overseeing and supervising operation of the Restaurant on a day-to-day basis.  If Franchisee 
is an Entity (as defined in Section 22), Franchisee must appoint and maintain throughout this Agreement’s 
term a shareholder, member, or partner, depending on the Entity, to be its “Managing Owner,” responsible 
for overseeing and supervising operation of the Restaurant.  The Managing Owner as of the Effective Date 
is identified in Exhibit C.  If the Managing Owner is not involved in the Restaurant’s on-site, day-to-day 
operation, Franchisee also must hire a general manager approved by Cupbop to manage the Restaurant on-
site on a day-to-day basis, who reports to the Managing Owner and who has successfully completed 
Cupbop’s initial training program (the, “General Manager”).  Franchisee may replace the General Manager 
as it deems appropriate, although a replacement General Manager must complete to Cupbop’s satisfaction 
its training requirements within ninety (90) days after the previous General Manager’s departure, and 
Franchisee must identify and Cupbop must approve any new or replacement General Manager. If the 
Managing Owner transfers his or her ownership interest in Franchisee (with Cupbop’s approval) during 
this Agreement’s term, Franchisee agrees to appoint a new Managing Owner, and to have that new 
Managing Owner complete Cupbop’s required training program, within ninety (90) days after the original 
Managing Owner’s departure. 
5. TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE. 
a. INITIAL TRAINING. 
Before the Restaurant opens for business, Cupbop will train Franchisee or the Managing 
Owner and the General Manager if required because the Managing Owner will not be involved in 
the Restaurant’s on-site, day-to-day operation. Franchisee’s on-site managers which may include 
general managers and assistant managers on the material aspects of operating a Cupbop Restaurant 
may also attend initial training, if desired, for an additional fee as set forth below.  Franchisee or 
the Managing Owner and, if applicable, the General Manager also must successfully complete 
Cupbop’s initial training program, including learning how to complete Cupbop’s systems and 
procedures and make all of its recipes. 
Cupbop will provide initial training program for no additional fee for two (2) people. 
There generally are no limits on the number of people whom Franchisee may send to initial training 
program, however, Franchisee must pay Cupbop’s then current training charge for each additional 
person after the first two (2) people. Franchisee also agrees to pay all travel and living expenses 
