 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
84 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
that all attendees incur, including its employees’ wages and workers’ compensation insurance, 
while they attend any applicable training. 
Franchisee (or the Managing Owner) and any General Manager must complete to 
Cupbop’s satisfaction the initial training program in order to become certified.  
If this is Franchisee’s second or subsequent Cupbop Restaurant, any fully-trained 
Managing Owner or General Manager need not attend the initial training program. However, the 
Restaurant must comply with the same minimum managerial requirements specified above at all 
times.  
If Cupbop determines that Franchisee, or the Managing Owner if the Managing Owner is 
to be involved in the Restaurant’s on-site, day-to-day operation, cannot complete initial training 
to Cupbop’s satisfaction, Cupbop may terminate this Agreement. Franchisee agrees to replace any 
General Manager or manager who Cupbop believes is not qualified or suitable to hold that position 
and to pay Cupbop’s then current fee for training a replacement General Manager or manager. 
If Franchisee (or the Managing Owner) or the General Manager do not feel sufficiently 
trained in the operation of a Cupbop Restaurant, Franchisee (or the Managing Owner) or the 
General Manager may request additional or repeat training at the end of the initial training and pay 
Cupbop’s then current per diem charges.  The Parties will jointly determine the duration of this 
additional training.  
If Franchisee hires or appoint new General Manager during this Agreement’s term, the 
new General Manager must complete to Cupbop’s satisfaction its then current initial training 
within ninety (90) days after the departure of the previous General Manager. Cupbop may charge 
reasonable fees for training a new General Manager and new managers. Franchisee agrees to pay 
all travel and living expenses that Franchisee (or the Managing Owner), the General Manager, and 
its employees incur during all training courses and programs.  
When the Restaurant is ready to open for business, Cupbop will, at its cost, send one of 
Cupbop’s representatives to the Restaurant to assist during its initial opening period. Franchisee 
will receive twenty-four (24) hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is Franchisee’s 
first Cupbop Restaurant, sixteen (16) hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is 
Franchisee’s second Cupbop Restaurant, and eight (8) hours of the representative’s time if the 
Restaurant is Franchisee’s third or subsequent Cupbop Restaurant. If Franchisee requests (and 
Cupbop agrees to provide), or Cupbop believes Franchisee needs, additional or special guidance, 
assistance, or training during this opening phase, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop’s then 
applicable charges, including its personnel’s per diem charges and travel and living expenses. 
b. ONGOING TRAINING.  
Cupbop may require Franchisee (or the Managing Owner), any General Manager and/or 
other previously trained and experienced managers and other employees to attend and complete to 
its satisfaction any training courses Cupbop periodically chooses to provide during this 
Agreement’s term at the times and locations Cupbop designates. Cupbop may charge reasonable 
fees for these courses, and Franchisee agrees to pay all costs and expenses incurred in attending. 
Franchisee understands and agrees that any specific ongoing training or advice Cupbop provides 
does not create an obligation (whether by course of dealing or otherwise) to continue to provide 
such specific training or advice, all of which Cupbop may discontinue and modify from time to 
time. 
