 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
165 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit G – State Specific Addenda 
 
4916-3889-4373 
7. You must sign a general release if you transfer your franchise.  California Corporations Code 31512 
voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code 
31000 through 31516).  Business and Professions Code 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under 
the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code 20000 through 20043). 
8. Each owner of the franchise is required to execute a personal guaranty.  Doing so could jeopardize 
the marital assets of non-owner spouses domiciled in community property states such as California. 
9. The highest interest rate allowed by law in California is 10% annually. 
10. The earnings claims figures in Item 19 do not reflect the costs of sales, operating expenses, or other 
costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures to obtain your 
net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses 
you will incur in operating your (franchised business). Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in 
the Disclosure Document, may be one source of this information. 
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
Registration of this franchise does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by 
the Commissioner. 
CUPBOP: 
FRANCHISEE: 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Name of Franchisee 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
Name:  
 
Title:  
 
Title:  
 
 
 
