 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
1 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
ITEM 1: 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify this franchise disclosure document (this “Disclosure Document”), “we” and similar words mean 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC, a Utah limited liability, the franchisor. “You” and similar words mean the person 
or persons, including a corporate or other legal entity, who buys franchise rights.  If “you” are a corporation, 
partnership, limited liability company, or other entity, “you” includes all owners of at least five percent of 
the equity interest in the entity and all such owners must sign a Guaranty of Obligations, meaning that all 
of the Franchise Agreement provisions will apply to them.  Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized 
terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement.  
Franchisor, Predecessors, Parent and Affiliates 
We are a Utah limited liability company formed on November 14, 2014.  We conduct business under the 
name Cupbop® and began offering franchises in March 2017.  We do not operate Cupbop® restaurants or 
conduct any business other than offering Cupbop® franchises. We do not offer franchises in any other line of 
business. Our affiliated entities do, however, operate Cupbop® restaurants. We do not conduct business or 
offer franchises under any other name. Our principal business address is 12184 South Business Park Drive, 
Suite C, Draper, UT 84020.   
As part of an internal corporate restructuring, Cupbop Franchising, Inc. a Utah corporation was converted to 
a limited liability company, Cupbop Franchise, LLC in December 2016.  At the time of the conversion, 
Cupbop Franchising, Inc. did not have any assets or business activities.     
Cupbop Co., a Utah corporation, whose principal business address is the same as ours is a parent. Pursuant to 
a corporate restructuring in January 2021, we became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cupbop Co. Prior to that 
time Cupbop Co. was an affiliate.  In May 2013 Cupbop Co. began operating food trucks and in May 2016 
Cupbop Co. opened its first storefront restaurant through a wholly owned affiliate.  Cupbop Co., itself or 
through its affiliates, operates Cupbop® restaurants.  Cupbop Co. has operated Cupbop® restaurants in non-
traditional locations such as food courts, arenas, and stadiums since March 2014.  We license the right to use 
the Cupbop® trademark, system, and other intellectual property used in the operation of a Cupbop restaurant 
from Cupbop Co. pursuant to a license agreement dated December 15, 2020 (the “License Agreement”). The 
License Agreement allows us to sublicense these rights to our franchisees.  Cupbop Co. also supplies certain 
required products to our franchise system. 
Gold Light Holdings, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, whose principal business address is 55 North 
University Ave., 142, Provo, Utah 84601, is also a parent.  
MAK Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, whose principal business address is 202 South 
Minnesota St, Carson City, Nevada 89703, is also a parent.  
No parent or affiliate has offered franchises in this or any other line of business.  
Except as described above, we have no other parents, predecessors or affiliates that are required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
