 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
4 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
ITEM 4: 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 5: 
INITIAL FEES 
You will pay a $40,000 lump sum initial franchise fee for the rights to own and operate a Restaurant.  If 
you are a current franchisee and are in full compliance under all Cupbop® Franchise Agreements and are 
purchasing your second or additional Restaurant, the initial franchise fee is reduced to $30,000. 
The initial franchise fee is due and payable upon execution of the Franchise Agreement.  It represents 
payment to us for the right to use our unique business system and trademarks in the development and 
operation of your Restaurants.  The initial fee also covers the cost of initial training that we may provide to 
you before you open your business.   
You must purchase from our affiliate, Cupbop Co., certain opening inventory and supplies, the cost of 
which ranges from $1,250 to $2,000. 
These fees are fully earned upon payment and are not refundable under any circumstances.  
Area Development Fee 
We may offer you the right, in our sole discretion, to develop multiple Cupbop® Restaurants pursuant to 
an Area Development Agreement upon payment of a development fee.  The development fee you must pay 
is determined by the number of Restaurants you agree to develop according to the following schedule: the 
initial fee of $40,000 for the first Restaurant, plus $30,000 for each additional Restaurant.  The development 
fee is equal to the initial franchise fee the total number of Restaurants you agree to develop. You will not 
be required to pay any additional initial franchise fee when you execute the Franchise Agreement for the 
Restaurants developed pursuant to the Area Development Agreement.  The development fee is fully earned 
upon payment and is not refundable. 
ITEM 6: 
OTHER FEES 
(1) 
Type of Fee 
(2) 
Amount 
(3) 
Due Date 
(4) 
Remarks 
Royalty Fee  
6% of monthly Gross 
Sales 
10th day of each month 
to include sales for the 
previous calendar 
month 
See Note 1 
Advertising Fund 
Up to 4.5% of monthly 
Gross Sales, currently 2% 
10th day of each month 
to include sales for the 
previous calendar 
month 
See Note 2 and Item 
11, Advertising Fund 
Cooperative 
Up to 2% of Gross Sales, 
As required by the 
See Item 11, 
