 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
80 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
System, as modified, is functioning properly. Franchisee may not use any unapproved computer 
software. Franchisee must give Cupbop all security access codes and otherwise permit twenty-
four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week electronic communications between Franchisee 
and Cupbop to allow Cupbop access to the Computer System. 
Franchisee agrees that Cupbop and/or its affiliates may condition any license of 
proprietary software to Franchisee, or Franchisee’s use of technology that Cupbop or its affiliates 
develop or maintain, on Franchisee’s signing the software license agreement or similar document 
that Cupbop or its affiliates prescribe to regulate Franchisee’s use of, and the Parties’ respective 
rights and responsibilities with respect to, the software or technology. Cupbop and its affiliates 
may charge Franchisee up-front and ongoing weekly or monthly fees for any proprietary software 
or technology that Cupbop or its affiliates license to Franchisee and for other maintenance and 
support services provided during this Agreement’s term. 
Franchisee has sole and complete responsibility for: (1) the acquisition, operation, 
maintenance, and upgrading of the Computer System; (2) the manner in which the Computer 
System interfaces with Cupbop’s and any third party’s computer system; and (3) any and all 
consequences if the Computer System is not properly operated, maintained, and upgraded.  
f. OPENING. 
Franchisee agrees not to open the Restaurant for business to the public until: (1) it has paid 
the initial franchise fee and other amounts then due to Cupbop and key suppliers; (2) Cupbop 
notifies it in writing that the Restaurant meets its standards and specifications (although its 
acceptance is not a representation or warranty, express or implied, that the Restaurant complies 
with any engineering, licensing, environmental, labor, health, building, fire, sanitation, 
occupational, landlord’s, insurance, safety, tax, governmental, or other statutes, rules, regulations, 
requirements, or recommendations nor a waiver of Cupbop’s right to require continuing 
compliance with its requirements, standards, and policies); (3) Franchisee (or the Managing 
Owner), the General Manager (if required because the Managing Owner is not involved in the 
Restaurant’s on-site, day-to-day operation), and its other employees complete training to Cupbop’s 
satisfaction; and (4) Franchisee gives Cupbop copies of certificates for all required insurance 
policies. 
Franchisee agrees to comply with these conditions and to open the Restaurant for business 
(i) within sixteen (16) months after the Effective Date, or (ii) on or before the date the Lease 
specifies, or (iii) on or before the date required to remain in compliance with an area development 
agreement between the Parties, if any, whichever is earlier. Cupbop may terminate this Agreement 
if Franchisee fails to open the Restaurant for business within the required timeframe. If Franchisee 
opens the Restaurant for business before Cupbop notifies Franchisee in writing that the Restaurant 
meets its standards and specifications, Cupbop may terminate this Agreement under Section 15(B). 
g. RELOCATION. 
Franchisee may not relocate the Restaurant to a new site without its prior written consent, 
which Cupbop may grant or deny as it determines in its sole discretion. Cupbop may condition its 
approval of the relocation request on (1) the new site and its lease being acceptable to Cupbop, (2) 
Franchisee paying Cupbop a reasonable relocation fee (as set forth in the Brand Standards 
Manual), (3) Franchisee reimbursing the costs Cupbop incurs during the relocation process, 
including those required to help Franchisee construct and develop the Restaurant at the new site 
in full compliance with the System Standards, (4) Franchisee confirming that this Agreement 
