 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
28 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
You agree to promptly notify us of any suspected infringements, imitations, or suspected unauthorized use 
of the marks, or any challenges to the validity, our ownership of, right to use and license others to use, or 
to your use of, the marks. We or Cupbop Co. have the sole right to institute, defend, direct, and control any 
judicial, arbitration, and administrative proceedings and actions involving the marks, including any 
settlement. We have the right, but not the obligation, to take action against uses by others that may constitute 
infringement of the marks. We have the right to defend you against any third-party claim, suit, or demand 
arising out of your use of the marks at our sole cost.  If we undertake the defense or prosecution of any 
judicial, arbitration, or administrative proceedings or actions affecting the marks, you are required to 
cooperate with us in these proceedings or actions and you agree to all documents and to do those acts and 
things as may, in our opinion, be necessary to comply with this requirement, including being named as a 
nominal party in these proceedings or actions. We will indemnify you for any reasonable damages or 
expenses incurred by you, due to any judicial, arbitration, or administrative proceedings or actions involving 
the marks.  
To our knowledge, there are no superior prior rights or infringing uses which could materially affect your 
use of any of our marks in any state. 
ITEM 14: 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
No patents or copyrights presently are material to the franchise. We claim copyrights in the Brand 
Standards Manual, System Standards, specifications, marketing materials, training materials, and related 
items you may use in operating the Restaurant.  Although we have not as yet filed an application for 
copyright registration for the Brand Standards Manual, we may file such an application. The operations 
manuals are proprietary and contain a substantial portion of our proprietary information distributed to 
you.  
We own Confidential Information (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) and claim copyrights in such 
Confidential Information, including, but not limited to, trade secrets.  This Confidential Information is 
our proprietary material. Other than the right to use the Confidential Information as outlined in the 
Franchise Agreement, you will not acquire any interest in or right to use any Confidential Information. 
We may use and authorize other Cupbop® Restaurants to use the Confidential Information. 
You must also promptly tell us when you learn about unauthorized use of our copyrighted, proprietary, 
or Confidential Information. We may but are not obligated to take any action but will respond to this 
information as we think appropriate. You must sign any instruments and documents or provide other 
assistance as we may determine necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interest in any 
proceeding, copyright or proprietary or Confidential Information. 
ITEM 15: 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
Pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, you, if you are an individual, or, if you are an entity, a Managing 
Owner and/or General Manager (as defined below) approved by us must personally supervise and 
participate in the franchised business.  In addition, each such individual is required to complete the 
training program. Each location of the business must be directly supervised “on-premises” by you, your 
Managing Owner or a General Manager who has successfully completed our training program and has been 
approved by us.     
