 
51 
2025 US HILTON 
revenue management component software, email (up to 7 accounts), CRM, Key Hotel Marketing 
Support, as well as software maintenance and certain system support services.   
 
OnQ Additional Rooms Fee.  If you add or construct additional guest rooms/suites at your Hotel at any 
time after you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must pay HSS a fee for each additional room/suite 
that is added when it is complete. This fee is currently $120 per guest room/suite and is not refundable.  
OnQ Additional Interface Fee.  If you add additional OnQ interfaces any time after your Hotel is opened, 
you must pay HSS a fee for each additional interface. This fee is currently $1,000 per interface and is 
not refundable.  
OnQ System Refresh.  You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 years 
or such longer period as we may designate.  We may also require the OnQ system to be refreshed in 
connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. 
We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installation (but not 
including any elements that were needed for the original installation only).  
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by or stored in the OnQ 
system. There are no contractual limitations on our rights to access this information. We may change 
the way in which data is delivered to System Hotels in our sole judgment as changes are made to the 
architecture of the OnQ system or other business computer systems that we may require (Franchise 
Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).   
Guest Internet Access System 
You must provide internet access for all guest rooms, meeting rooms, and public spaces at your Hotel 
in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”) (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 
5.1.6). Currently, our approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” You must 
install certain hardware and software, an internet access circuit, and subscribe to an internet access 
service to meet this requirement.  
Guest Internet Access Hardware and Software. The hardware and software for Guest Internet Access 
will be provided by, installed by, and maintained by our preferred providers. In addition to the hardware 
and software costs, you must pay for all necessary communication vehicles (phone lines, network 
connections), installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses of the vendors who 
perform the installation and configuration services. We estimate that it will cost between $134,388 and 
$197,556 for Guest Internet Access hardware, software, installation, and certain other costs and fees, 
excluding taxes or structured cable and cabling installation. 
Guest Internet Access Circuit.  You must install a Guest Internet Access circuit that meets our 
specifications and pay for the ongoing cost of using the circuit from a preferred provider. You must 
arrange for procurement of the monthly service for the required connection locally. The cost will depend 
on the circuit size, type, and the physical location of your Hotel. Currently, we estimate that these 
together will cost between $1,950 and $4,900 per month ($23,400 to $58,800 per year). These fees are 
normally not refundable.  
Guest Internet Access Service.  You must also arrange and pay for the ongoing Guest Internet Access 
service. You must purchase this service from a preferred provider. The cost will depend on your Hotel’s 
size and number of meeting rooms. Currently, we estimate that it will cost between $1,178 and $2,400 
per month ($14,136 to $28,800 per year). This estimate includes the monthly service for the 24x7 call 
center support and equipment break-fix maintenance. Your costs will depend on your Hotel’s size and 
number of meeting rooms. These fees are normally not refundable. 
