 
18 
2025 US HILTON 
Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected Room system, Digital Floor 
Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool.  You must pay our affiliate, HSS, 
certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of them, as described below.    
OnQ System. Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ®” system, which connects System Hotels to 
Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary components 
for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory management, forecast 
management, learning management, and other components for the operation of the Hotel. The 
complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, installation, and support.   
For a required monthly fee of 0.45% to 0.75% of your Hotel’s Gross Rooms Revenue, our affiliate, HSS, 
provides you with the necessary hardware, software (other than the proprietary hotel operations 
management system software), maintenance and technical support for both the OnQ hardware and 
software. This is known as the OnQ fee-based pricing program (“FBPP”). Under the FBPP program, the 
hardware will be provided by our preferred providers, installed by HSS, and maintained by HSS or its 
agents. You must pay HSS for the software, installation and configuration charges about 45 days before 
your Hotel opens. This estimate is based on our prototype size of hotel shown in Item 7. If your Hotel is 
owned by a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”), the OnQ FBPP fee will be 0.35% to 0.45% of Gross 
Rooms Revenue per month. However, the REIT FBPP fee does not cover the required hardware, which 
may be purchased from HSS or one of its preferred providers. As an alternative for both REIT and non-
REIT hotels, you may purchase or lease the required hardware from another (non-preferred) third party 
vendor; but if you do you must pay for the cost of the hardware in addition to the FBPP fee you pay to 
us, and you must pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in determining that the hardware conforms to 
our specifications. See Item 6, Note 1, for the definition of “Gross Rooms Revenue.”  
You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 years, or such longer period 
as we may specify. We may also require you to refresh the OnQ system in connection with a Change 
of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We anticipate the cost of this 
to be the same or less than the cost of the original installations (but not including any elements that 
were needed for the original installation only).   
Guest Internet Access System. You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public spaces 
at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”). Currently, our approved 
Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” The initial set-up costs of this system are 
paid to vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
GRO System. You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system.  The GRO 
system is an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing recommendations for 
your Hotel based on data analytics and forecasting.  The GRO system integrates with the OnQ system 
for ease of operation.  You are not required to adopt the pricing recommendations provided by GRO. 
The initial set-up costs of this system that are paid to HSS are shown in this table. See Item 11 for 
details.  
Delphi System.  You must install our required “Delphi” system, which is a cloud-based sales and events 
system from Amadeus Hospitality. You must pay the initial set-up costs of this system to the vendor. 
See Item 11 for details.    
Connected Room System. You must install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an 
assortment of streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the Hilton 
Honors App. Currently, there are no initial set up costs that are payable to us or our affiliates. The initial 
set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are paid to us. See Items 6 
and 11 for details.   
