 
63 
2025 US HILTON 
If you will operate an eforea spa, you must open the spa by the date we specify, which will generally be 
within 12 months after the date you sign the Spa Amendment. If you operate a restaurant or bar under 
a Restaurant Brand, you must open the restaurant or bar at the opening of your Hotel, or otherwise on 
a date that we specify, which will generally be within 12 months after you sign the Restaurant Brand 
Addendum. 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchisees a non-exclusive license to use the System during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specified location.  There are no provisions in the standard 
Franchise Agreement granting franchisees a protected area or territory. You will not receive an 
exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from hotels that our affiliates own, 
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The standard Franchise 
Agreement permits us to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, lease, or affiliate or associate with 
any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality industry or not, and whether 
under the Brand, a competitive brand, or otherwise, at any time and in any location.  We and our affiliates 
have the right to engage in any Other Businesses, even if they compete with your Hotel, the Brand, 
System Hotels, or Network Hotels, and whether we or our affiliates start those businesses, or purchase, 
merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come under common ownership with, affiliate or associate with, 
such Other Businesses.   
 
We may also: (a) modify the System by adding, altering, or deleting elements of the System; (b) use or 
license to others all or part of the System; (c) use the facilities, programs, services and/or personnel 
used in connection with the System in Other Businesses; and (d) use the System, the Brand, and the 
Marks in the Other Businesses.  You acknowledge and agree that you have no rights to, and will not 
make any claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or related to any of the foregoing 
activities, and you acknowledge and agree that such activities will not give rise to any liability on our 
part, including, but not limited to, liability for claims for unfair competition, breach of contract, breach of 
any applicable implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or divided loyalty. “Other Businesses” 
means any business activity we or our affiliates engage in, other than the licensing of your Hotel.  
We may, however, agree to give franchisees certain specific territorial restrictions (“Restricted Area 
Provision”) for an area surrounding the franchised hotel and encompassing the immediate competitive 
market for the hotel as may be agreed on by the parties (“Restricted Area”). If we agree to give you a 
Restricted Area Provision for your New Development or Conversion, it will normally be for an agreed-
on time period, which is shorter than the term of the Franchise Agreement (“Restrictive Period”).  We 
will not normally grant a Restricted Area Provision for a Change of Ownership or Re-licensing, although 
we will occasionally do so under certain unique circumstances.   
 
Additionally, if we grant the Restricted Area Provision, it will not apply to your Restaurant Brand 
restaurant or bar. The following discussion applies if we agree to give you a Restricted Area Provision 
in your Franchise Agreement: 
 
1. 
Restricted Area. The boundaries of the Restricted Area will normally depend on the relevant 
market in the immediate area and competitive circumstances in the relevant market when you 
sign the Franchise Agreement. The boundaries will vary in size and shape from hotel to hotel. 
Boundaries will not be delineated according to any standard formula, but may be delineated in 
various ways, including references to cities, metropolitan areas, counties or other political 
subdivisions, references to streets or highways, or references to an area encompassed within a 
radius of specified distance from the front door of the hotel. 
