 
49 
2025 US HILTON 
(6) 
We will make available to you for use in the hotel various purchase, lease, or other arrangements 
with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and furnishings, which 
we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other Brand franchisees. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
 
(7) 
If you open an eforea spa with your Hotel, before your spa opens, we or one of our affiliates will 
provide you with the eforea design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite and spa menus 
(Spa Amendment, Paragraph 4).  We will also loan to you a copy of the eforea spa Manual or 
provide you with electronic access to the eforea spa Manual on the Hilton Intranet resources 
library. The eforea spa Manual is confidential and is the property of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.6). The current Table of Contents of the eforea spa Manual is attached at 
Exhibit H-2. We will also provide you with a list of approved suppliers and specifications for 
required operating equipment, products, supplies and furnishings in the spa (Spa Amendment, 
Paragraph 4). 
 
(8) 
If you open a restaurant or bar at a Hotel that uses a Restaurant Brand, before opening we or 
one of our affiliates will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu templates, design and 
visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept, and we will also consult with you 
on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar. (Restaurant Brand Amendment, 
Section 4). We will also loan to you a copy of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines or provide you 
with electronic access to Restaurant Brand Guidelines on the Hilton intranet resources library. 
The Restaurant Brand Guidelines are confidential and the property of our affiliate, HIH 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). The current Table of Contents of the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines is attached at Exhibit H-3. 
 
(9) 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training materials. You 
must also pay for travel, lodging and other expenses associated with training (see Training 
below). 
 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
 
Computer Requirements 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change (Franchise 
Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which connects System 
Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory 
management, forecast management, learning management, and other components we consider 
necessary to support the following activities: reservations, distribution, sales, customer relationship 
management, hotel operations, and business intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ 
package currently includes hardware, software, installation, and support. We also require you to use 
our required Guest Internet Access System, which we may periodically change.  The components of 
each are described below, and the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.  
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software.  For a required monthly fee of 0.45% to 0.75% of your Hotel’s Gross 
Rooms Revenue, our affiliate, HSS, provides you with the necessary hardware, software (other than 
the proprietary hotel operations management system software), maintenance and technical support for 
both the OnQ hardware and software.  This is known as the OnQ fee-based pricing program (“FBPP”). 
