HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
next annual budget cycle; (iii) acquire any equipment with a purchase price less than $1,000.00 within ninety (90) days 
following HSS’s instructions to acquire same. 
(b) Be responsible for the fees and costs for all installation services relative to any Listed Equipment as well as any 
other equipment acquired by Customer. 
(c) Pay the FBPP Payment to HSS.  The FBPP Payment will be a monthly program fee amount equal to 0.45% of the 
gross room revenue of Customer’s Hotel to which this FBPP Agreement applies.  For example, if the monthly gross 
room revenues are $100,000, the monthly program fee amount due to HSS would be $450 for that month.  The monthly 
program fee will be paid by Customer to HSS in the same manner and method as the monthly royalty fee is paid by 
Customer to HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary under Customer’s License Agreement.  However, the start date (“Start 
Date”) for the commencement of payment of the monthly program fee will be determined by the shipment date of the 
Listed Equipment.  If the Start Date is on or before the 15th of the month, the monthly program fee will be invoiced for 
the full month.  Each month’s program fee will be invoiced the following month. 
(d) Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement, including, but not limited to, the maintenance of the Listed 
Equipment using the designated Preferred Provider for HSS’s Fee Based Pricing Program. 
(e) Obtain and keep current insurance on the Listed Equipment against all risks for the approximate value of the Listed 
Equipment. 
(f) Pay any and all federal, state and local sales, use, gross receipts and excise or similar taxes incident to the payments 
under this FBPP Agreement.  The monthly program fee will be billed inclusive of all such taxes; however, HSS reserves 
the right to separately list and bill any or all such taxes on the monthly billing.  Customer agrees to pay all personal 
property taxes associated with software licensed under this FBPP Agreement. 
(g) Prevent any liens from attaching to the Listed Equipment. 
(h) Pay for any and all de-installation, transportation and disposal costs of any equipment being used by Customer’s 
Hotel on its current network at the time of installation of the Listed Equipment.  De-installation, transportation and 
disposal of any network equipment and the return to Customer’s lessor of all such de-installed equipment in accordance 
with Customer’s current lease terms is the sole responsibility of Customer.  Customer will be responsible for any 
missing, bad or damaged equipment  
(i) Preserve and protect the Listed Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(j) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the OnQ® System. 
(k) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Listed Equipment. 
(l) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to the OnQ® System without prior specific written permission 
of HSS. 
(m) Be responsible for the fees for installation services for Listed Equipment on the date that such equipment is 
refreshed under the Refreshment Program (the "Refreshment Program").  Under the Refreshment Program, HSS 
anticipates that Customer's Listed Equipment will be replaced or refreshed in HSS’s sole discretion (the “Refresh”) on 
an approximate three (3) year cycle, starting approximately three (3) years after the initial shipment of 
Listed Equipment.  Customer's Refresh will be timed to occur prior to the end of the three (3) year cycle.  If Customer 
fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including order dates for equipment and software, Customer will be 
responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, but not limited to, higher fees and costs for equipment 
maintenance and software maintenance. 
(o) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Listed Equipment at such time and in such manner as may be 
determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
3. Customer’s Conditions. All benefits provided Customer herein and all obligations of HSS under this FBPP Agreement are expressly 
subject to and conditioned upon the following: 
(a) Customer is not, and continues not to be, in default of any agreement with HSS, HDOC or any of their affiliates or 
subsidiaries or any Hilton Brand division, including, but not limited to, this FBPP Agreement, the HITS Agreement and 
Customer’s License Agreement with HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary. 
(b) Customer continues to make all other payments to HSS’s Preferred Providers under any applicable agreements 
and does not become in default under such agreements. 
