HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
1.4 Cost of Certain Installation, Implementation and Training Services.  The cost of certain installation, implementation, and training 
services (including the HSS implementation specialists) and materials are set forth below.  These costs and travel expenses will be billed 
to Customer by HSS or the Preferred Provider following installation of the Information System.  Additional costs for training replacement 
General Managers or other Hotel personnel will be billed to Customer prior to such training dates at the then current rate charged by HSS 
for such training.  
1.5 Site Surveys. HSS will determine if an onsite, remote or combined Site Survey is required. Customer and HSS will mutually determine 
the scope, schedule and timing of a site survey that may be required for the preparation, installation and/or implementation of OnQ (the 
“Site Survey”). HSS and Customer will identify the responsible parties for each aspect of the Site Survey.  In preparation for any Site 
Survey, Customer will provide information and documentation relative to the Hotel as requested by HSS, including, but not limited to, 
hotel drawings, room locations and wiring diagrams.  If HSS performs on-site services during the Site Survey, the Customer is responsible 
for providing timely access to the Hotel property, as well as complimentary room nights with confirmed reservations at the Hotel, as 
needed in the course of performing the Site Survey. A Hotel representative will be appointed by Customer to provide escort and access 
to guest rooms for the room inspection portion of the Site Survey.  The fees and costs for any work performed by HSS relative to the Site 
Survey, including any fees for creation and validation of the wireless network design, any travel expenses, per diem fees and other out-
of-pocket related costs, will be billed separately by HSS to the Customer. Any additional costs incurred due to delays in performing the 
Site Survey caused by the Customer’s Hotel will also be billed to Customer. 
1.6 Implementation Services.  HSS may, in its sole discretion, provide remote, on-site or combined implementation services for 
Customer’s Authorized Equipment and related Certified Third Party Software.  Some are described below but more exact requirements 
may be set forth in the applicable Brand Standards and are subject to change by HSS or Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. 
(“HDOC”) or their affiliates or subsidiaries from time to time. HSS will provide the services using Systems Implementation consultants.  
The number of consultants and number of days they will be used will be determined by HSS based upon the size and type of the Hotel 
and the Hotel’s IT requirements. These consultants may:  
(a) work with the Hotel, which is responsible for the cost of building the Hotel’s database, including the verification of the proper 
functioning of the Software, installation, conversion, implementation, data conversion or recovery;  
(b) provide procedural support for the property management system to the Hotel’s management; 
(c) work with the Hotel’s management to adapt their use of the Information System to meet the Hotel’s requirements; 
(d) support the Hotel’s staff in their use of the Information System through the Hotel’s management; 
(e) work with the Hotel’s management to assure that the Hotel has all necessary tools for the implementation of the Information System 
(i.e., Authorized Equipment, Certified Third Party Software, documentation, etc.); 
(f) install or approve the installation of equipment to meet the requirements of the Hotel, HSS and the manufacturer of the Authorized 
Equipment; 
(g) work with third party vendors to meet the technical criteria for interface communications (i.e., central reservations, call accounting, 
energy management, doorlock, guest internet access, etc.);   
(h) verify that all front desk staff and Hotel’s management have successfully completed the Information System & Training; 
(i) 
identify and address operational problems that involve the Information System; and 
(j) 
formulate and present recommendations that maximize efficient use of the Information System; 
1.7 Authorized Equipment Installation. Whether Customer elects to purchase or lease Authorized Equipment from a Preferred Provider 
through one of the Master Agreements HSS will coordinate the installation of such Authorized Equipment at the Hotel. 
A. Customer or HSS, in HSS’s discretion, will obtain and maintain throughout the term hereof, at Customer’s cost, the necessary 
communication vehicles and services for direct communication between HSS and the Hotel as is reasonably necessary for the operation 
of, and for the diagnosing of issues involving, the Agreement Products and Services, including without limitation, network access and 
wide area network connections to the Central Reservation System and Internet. 
B. Customer will make available, at its own expense, prior to the agreed upon installation date a location that, in HSS’s opinion, is suitable 
for installation of such Authorized Equipment.  Customer will furnish any electrical connections and dedicated phone lines which may be 
required by HSS and will perform and pay for all work, including alterations, which in the sole discretion of HSS is necessary to prepare 
the Hotel for the installation and proper operation of the Authorized Equipment. 
C. Any delay in shipment and installation of Authorized Equipment or Certified Third Party Software, including delays by communications 
vendors,  Preferred Providers, or any other retailers, will, for the duration of such delay, excuse any failure of HSS to install the Authorized 
Equipment on or before the agreed upon installation date.  However, HSS will use commercially reasonable efforts to require such 
