HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
3.1 Additional Services Purchased Under This Ordering Document.  HSS will provide the following additional Services (if any are 
listed) for the fees noted (if any):  
A. Guest Messaging Service. HSS will provide the Guest Messaging Service described in Schedule P – Guest Messaging Service. 
%Misc% 
4. Authorized Equipment. 
4.1 Authorized Equipment Purchased or Leased.  Customer will purchase or lease the Authorized Equipment required for the proper 
operation of the Hotel IT functionality identified by HSS.  As of the Order Effective Date the purchasing and/or leasing fees for the 
Authorized Equipment described in Schedule B-1 – Authorized Equipment are: 
 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT 
NETWORK AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT: 
%NetAuthEquipOne% 
STANDARD PLUS EQUIPMENT: 
%StdPlusEquipOne% 
The purchase fees will be invoiced by either HSS or the relevant Preferred Provider depending on the location of the Hotel and the source 
of the Authorized Equipment.  Customer will be provided the specific information not later than 15 days following the Order Effective Date.  
Customer will purchase and replace any source, paper, ribbons, printer maintenance kits, toner and such other operating supplies as will 
be required for the operation of the Authorized Equipment, but Customer will utilize only such brands as are approved by HSS or the 
Authorized Equipment manufacturer. 
4.2. Authorized Equipment Maintenance. Customer must purchase maintenance services as described in Schedule B-2 – Authorized 
Equipment Maintenance and Refresh for all of the Authorized Equipment it purchases or leases, including for all the Network Authorized 
Equipment when maintenance is not provided under the terms of the applicable Brand IT program. The fee for Authorized Equipment 
Maintenance includes a fee for Help Desk Services. As of the Order Effective Date Customer is purchasing Authorized Equipment 
Maintenance for the annual fee(s) shown, payable in monthly installments: 
 %HardwareMaintTable% 
5. Expenses. If HSS or Preferred Provider personnel incur travel, lodging, meal, or any other out of pocket expenses in furnishing services 
hereunder, Customer will pay for or promptly reimburse HSS for same, subject to reasonable documentation of such expenses.   
6. Customer Responsibilities. Customer will maintain on its staff at all times sufficient personnel that have been trained in and are 
knowledgeable about the use of the Information System in a professional, efficient and competent manner.  Customer is responsible for 
maintaining duplicate or back-up copies of its software, data files and documentation.  HSS will have no liability for any damages resulting 
from Customer’s failure to maintain such duplicate or back-up copies nor for any costs or expenses of reconstructing any such data or 
information that may be destroyed, impaired or lost. 
7. Exclusions. HSS’s obligations under the Agreement will not apply to any errors, defects or problems caused in whole or in part by (i) 
any modifications or enhancements made to any Proprietary Software, Certified Third Party Software or Authorized Equipment by 
Customer or any third person or entity other than HSS; (ii) any software program, hardware, firmware, peripheral or communication device 
used in connection with the Information System which was not approved in advance in writing by HSS; (iii) the failure of Customer to 
follow the most current instructions promulgated by HSS or any third party vendor from time to time with respect to the proper use of the 
Information System; (iv) the failure of Customer to schedule regular preventive maintenance in accordance with standard HSS 
procedures; (v) forces or supplies external to the Authorized Equipment, including, without limitation, the reasons set forth in the force 
majeure provisions of the Agreement; and/or (vi) the negligence of Customer or any other third person or entity.  Any corrections 
performed by HSS for any such errors, difficulties, or defects will be fixed, in HSS’s sole discretion, at HSS’s then current time and material 
charges.  HSS will be under no obligation, however, to fix any such Customer or externally caused errors, defects or problems. 
8. Joinder Agreements. Schedules C-1 and C-2 contain Joinder Agreements under which Customer can obtain products from Microsoft 
and reseller Insight Direct USA, respectively. Customer is required to sign those agreements if it is obtaining any products from those 
Preferred Providers in connection with this Order Document.    
