HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE A 
SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE 
1. General. HSS will provide Customer with maintenance and support for Proprietary Software and PEP for a term of one (1) year (with 
annual renewals at the option of HSS) commencing upon execution hereof, for the Proprietary Software and PEP, specifically excluding 
any maintenance and support of any Certified Third Party Software. 
2. Certified Third Party Software Only. Customer understands that the use of any software other than that provided by HSS pursuant to 
this Agreement, unless such additional third party software has been approved in writing by the HSS Information Technology Department, 
is not warranted for use on the Authorized Equipment.  In the event Customer uses or installs any third party software other than Certified 
Software on the Authorized Equipment or uses equipment that is not Authorized Equipment, HSS will have no further obligations to 
provide any software maintenance services to Customer hereunder. 
3. Software Maintenance. 
(a) Customer acknowledges and understands that HSS is unable to modify the Certified Third Party Software.  HSS does not 
provide support the Certified Third Party Software In the event Customer notifies HSS of any condition which Customer believes 
constitutes a breach of any warranty provided by a third party vendor or a defect in Certified Third Party Software, HSS will, 
upon Customer’s request, provide reasonable cooperation and assistance in notifying such third party vendor of such condition 
and in urging such third party vendor to correct such condition. 
(b) With respect to the Proprietary Software, provided Customer has paid all software maintenance and other fees and satisfied 
all other obligations under this Agreement, HSS will supply Customer with access to any standard enhancements, improvements, 
updates, and/or modifications to the Proprietary Software generally made available by HSS as options or new releases to its 
Customers which are not charged for separately by HSS as options or new releases.  Such enhancements, improvements, 
updates, additions, and/or modifications which are supplied by HSS to Customer, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, 
will be HSS’s sole and exclusive property and will be deemed part of the Proprietary Software hereunder and will be subject to 
all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer may be required to 
purchase some enhancements, improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Proprietary Software which Customer will 
be charged for separately by HSS, as well as additional hardware and/or software in order to utilize certain major upgrades or 
enhancements. 
4. Cooperation. Customer will provide HSS with all information, data and other required materials necessary for HSS to reproduce any 
problem identified by Customer.  Customer will maintain for the term of this Agreement a modem and dial-up telephone line and a facsimile 
machine or other electronic communication capability mutually acceptable to both parties to facilitate HSS’s ability to perform its 
maintenance services remotely. 
5. Expenses. Customer will pay for all telephone toll charges incurred in providing maintenance and support hereunder. 
6. Proprietary Rights. Any changes, improvements, additions, and/or modifications to any of the Proprietary Software or PEP which are 
licensed by HSS to Customer, and all proprietary rights therein, including without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights, will be HSS’s 
sole and exclusive property, and all such software will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  
7. Hotline. HSS will provide, in accordance with its customary business practices and procedures, telephone customer service support 
as reflected in this Schedule, for the purposes of receiving reports from Customer regarding software malfunctions subject to maintenance 
hereunder.  HSS may attempt, to the extent practical, to resolve any reported problems by telephone or by accessing Customer’s 
equipment remotely. 
8. On-Site Services. In the event HSS is unable to resolve any reported problem by telephone or modem, HSS will dispatch service 
personnel to Customer’s Site for the purpose of providing maintenance services hereunder at HSS’s standard rates and charges. 
9. Customer Responsibilities. HSS has no obligation to maintain or repair any software other than the Proprietary Software or PEP, nor 
to repair or replace any expendable or consumable components such as ribbons, paper, toner cartridges, print wheels, drums, batteries, 
or diskettes. 
10. Cost and Payment Terms. Annual Cost of Software Maintenance is $%AnnualSWMaint%. Payments will be calculated from the Start 
Date .  payable in monthly installments of $%MonthlySWMaint%. The monthly payment amount will be due in advance and will be billed 
by HSS.  Interest at the then current highest rate allowed will be charged for any payments made by Customer after the payment due 
date (thirty (30) days after billing). 
Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs for any on-site maintenance will be billed separately. 
HSS reserves the right to increase or decrease the Software Maintenance cost on an annual basis to reflect increases or decreases in 
such cost internally and from the Preferred Providers of such services and to reflect the addition or construction of additional guest rooms 
(or suites) by Customer for Customer's Hotel. 
