 
38 
2025 US HILTON 
17. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the state, 
county, or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
18. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; administrative and 
general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; security deposits, utility 
deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot 
estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. 
19. 
"Contingencies" means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses. Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-
conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel.  You should assume it will be at 
least 10% of construction costs. 
20. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the business. 
Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic conditions, 
competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
21. 
The initial fee is paid only if you are installing an eforea spa in your Hotel.  
22. 
The low estimate assumes you are not opening a spa.  The high estimate includes the cost to 
build out and equip the spa to current spa standards, whether you are installing an eforea spa or another 
spa concept. Costs may be greater for a Conversion hotel or to convert space in an existing Hilton hotel 
into an eforea spa or another branded spa that meets our specifications. 
23. 
This initial fee applies only if you choose to use a Restaurant Brand for the operation of a 
restaurant or bar at your Hotel. The Restaurant Brands are designed to fall within the cost estimates for 
developing and opening a standard prototype hotel with a restaurant or bar (as part of either a New 
Development or a Conversion) as outlined in this Item 7. If you choose a Restaurant Brand for your 
Hotel, we may offer additional optional services for additional costs.  See Item 1 for details. 
24. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees. 
25. 
In compiling these estimates we relied on Hilton's 60+ years of experience in operating or 
franchising hotels. With respect to an eforea spa, we relied on Hilton’s experience over the last 6 years 
in operating eforea spas in the US. We began offering the Restaurant Brands in 2024. You should 
review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to purchase the 
franchise. The expenses shown in these charts are for typical New Development and Conversion hotels 
of the type and size shown. In a Conversion, your costs will depend on the type and condition of your 
existing hotel, its age, physical structure and quality of furnishing. Because there are so many variables 
involving any particular existing hotel, we can give no average cost. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, from 
suppliers we permit, or in accordance with our specifications.  
 
General Requirements 
 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards for the hotel are compiled in our 
