 
47 
2025 US HILTON 
An Incentive is not a loan, it is a contingent liability. If your franchise terminates before the end of the 
Term you must pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive. If you transfer your Hotel 
you must also pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive, unless we permit the 
transferee to assume your obligations under the Note.  In that case we may require the transferee to 
provide us with such additional security as we deem appropriate.  The repayable amount of the 
Incentive decreases over time.  For each year that the Hotel is open, the repayable amount is reduced 
by an equal annual percentage of the Term.  For example, if the franchise has a 10-year Term, the 
repayable amount is reduced by 1/10th of the original amount annually.  If the franchise has a 20-year 
term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/20th of the original amount annually.  An Incentive bears no 
interest.  However, if an Incentive becomes repayable and payment is not made in full when due, the 
outstanding amount is subject to interest at 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by law. We may 
reduce the amount of the Incentive that we disburse to you by any amount that you or your affiliates 
owe to us or our affiliates, and this will not affect the calculation of the amount repayable to us. We may 
grant renewals, extensions, modifications, compositions, compromises, releases or discharges of other 
parties without notice to any guarantor or co-maker. You may not use any portion of the Incentive to 
make, offer, or authorize any Improper Payment or engage in any act violating any Anti-Corruption 
Law.  If we reasonably believe that you have used the Incentive in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, 
you must cooperate with our reasonable requests for information and permit us to inspect all books and 
records pertaining to your Hotel.  
 
We generally do not offer any other financing or guarantee any note, lease, or other obligations.  
However, in unique or rare circumstances we may choose to offer other types of financing such as, for 
example, a mezzanine loan or a guaranty of your note, lease, or other obligations.  In that event, the 
arrangements we offer would be subject to the unique circumstances and financial situation of your 
Hotel.  As a result, we cannot determine in advance the key terms such as, for example, the amount, 
term, repayment obligations, interest, fees, costs, penalties, security interests, default provisions, and 
other conditions or requirements.  We also cannot determine in advance the type of documentation that 
would be required such as, for example, notes, guarantees, security agreements, mortgages, deeds, 
assignments, equity pledges, credit letters, intercreditor agreements, and other agreements or 
instruments.  We do not have sample forms of these types of documents.  These documents and each 
of their terms would be agreed at the time of origination. 
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
 
We may provide any of these services through our employees and representatives, through our affiliates 
or through any third party-provider we designate.  
 
Hilton will, at all times acting on our behalf, discharge all of our duties and obligations under Brand 
franchise agreements governing hotels situated in the US, including: discharging all of our obligations 
to franchisees; managing the Brand and the System; marketing, offering and negotiating new franchise 
agreements (including New Development, Relicensing, and Change of Ownership franchise 
agreements) as our franchise broker; furnishing assistance to Brand franchisees in the US; 
implementing our quality assurance programs; and, otherwise on our behalf, discharging all duties we 
owe under franchise agreements governing Brand hotels in the US.  
 
Hilton or its affiliates employ all the persons who will provide services to you on our behalf under the 
terms of your Franchise Agreement. If Hilton fails to perform its obligations, then Hilton may be replaced 
