 
7 
2025 US HILTON 
Restaurant Brand, the System will not include the Restaurant Brand, but you still must comply with the 
System and our requirements related to restaurants and other food and beverage outlets generally, as 
found in the Manual. The franchisee of the Restaurant Brand must be the franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not offered 
licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
 
The Market and Competition 
Hilton hotels compete in the upper upscale hotel market segment and cater to business travelers, 
families, vacationers and groups depending on the market and location.  The market for your services 
will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation, including whether it is a resort, 
conference center, or hotel for frequent business travelers, among other things. Our franchisees seek 
customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit business from 
conventions and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level.  If you are operating an eforea 
spa or a Restaurant, you will market your products and services to patrons of the hotel and the local 
community. 
 
In general, you will compete with national and international hotel and motel chains and independently 
operated local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage 
services to the same clientele. Your convention and meeting facilities will also compete with national, 
international and independent hotels and convention centers and their restaurants in other regions.  If 
you are operating an eforea spa, you will compete with other spa concepts, wellness centers, and other 
parties offering the same or similar services.  This would include salons that offer many of the services 
your spa will offer and individuals and businesses that provide certain of the services you offer, such as 
massage therapists. 
 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, both 
directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these activities may 
be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, operate, franchise, 
license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, competitive guest lodging 
facilities or networks anywhere, under any brands or marks. However, if we agree to grant you a 
Restricted Area Provision, we will not operate or authorize some else to operate a Brand hotel within 
your Restricted Area during the Restrictive Period, subject to certain exclusions.  See Item 12 for details. 
We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to guest lodging 
facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, in 
any manner that we or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of our affiliates may be sold to or 
otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself has established or may 
establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided that your Restricted Area 
protections, if any, will be observed).  Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, merge, acquire, 
or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised network or chain of guest lodging 
facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities regardless of the location of that 
network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any Restricted Area, and that we may 
operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any brands or marks anywhere regardless of 
the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There is no mechanism for resolving any conflicts that 
may arise between your Hotel and other hotels described in this paragraph.  
 
