 
54 
2025 US HILTON 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, HPMS is not yet required for the Brand in the US.  However, 
we anticipate that HPMS will become required for most System hotels in the future. In the meantime, 
we may offer you the option of installing HPMS in lieu of the OnQ PMS if we determine it is suitable for 
your Hotel.  We recommend that all new hotels that are able to install HPMS do so before opening.  For 
hotels in which HPMS is not yet available, we may require you to upgrade to HPMS at some point in 
the future and sign a new HITS Agreement or amendment. We will work with you on planning for that 
transition at the appropriate time. We developed HPMS in collaboration with HotelKey, Inc., a third-
party technology company. Certain elements of HPMS are proprietary to Hilton. We are not able to 
determine a separate market price for HPMS because there is no third-party market for HPMS in its 
entirety.  
 
Training 
We offer required training courses to those affiliated with the System for orientation and as part of the 
certification process. Our training is designed for and based on the specific business and operational 
functions of Brand Hotels. The personnel you designate to fulfill these business and operational 
functions must complete the required training to our satisfaction. If you hire replacement personnel for 
any of these roles or functions, the replacements must successfully complete the appropriate training 
programs. 
When we provide training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and appropriate for 
the business and operational functions of the Hotel so that it may operate in accordance with our 
Standards. At all times under the Franchise Agreement you are an independent contractor and an 
independent employer, and we will not direct or supervise your personnel, or have, retain, reserve, or 
exercise any control over your (or your Management Company’s) personnel or personnel policies or 
procedures in any manner. 
The following table describes our training program as of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document.  
We may modify our training requirements over time.  The subject matter, time required, locations, and 
costs are subject to change. In this table the term “virtual” means an internet-based class with a live 
instructor, and “online” means an internet-based class that does not have a live instructor.  Both virtual 
and online training courses are considered equivalent to classroom training. These courses may be 
provided by us or our designated third-party vendors.   
We will provide you with our current Brand training requirements document upon request and/or you 
may access it through our intranet, The Lobby. 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On the 
Job 
Training 
Location 
Brand Conference  
(Note 1) 
Varies  
0 
Varies 
General Manager, Commercial and Sales 
Leader Training  
(Note 2) 
Up to 18 
0 
Virtual 
OnQ Property Management System (PMS) 
Training  
(Note 3) 
1-5, varies per 
Position 
0 
Online 
