HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
(a) Customer is not, and continues not to be, in default of any agreement with HSS, HDOC.or any of their affiliates or 
subsidiaries. or any Hilton Brand division, including, but not limited to, this FBPP Agreement, the HITS Agreement and 
Customer’s License Agreement with HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary. 
(b) Customer continues to make all other payments to HSS’s Preferred Providers under any applicable agreements and does 
not become in default under such agreements. 
(c) Customer’s Hotel remains a Hilton brand hotel (after conversion and rebranding if applicable). 
(d) Customer executes the HITS Agreement contemporaneously with this FBPP Agreement. 
(e) Customer’s participation and continued cooperation with HSS in HSS’s Fee Based Pricing Program, including, but not 
limited to, the refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment. 
(f) Customer allows the removal and future replacement or refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in 
such manner as may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
(g) If applicable, Customer must complete the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton brand hotel. 
4. Termination.  HSS may terminate the above Equipment License on the Network Authorized Equipment and all other obligations of HSS 
under this FBPP Agreement at HSS’s option:  (a) Immediately without notice in event of breach of Customer’s obligations or conditions 
set forth in Sections 2 and 3 above, or (b) at any time, with or without cause, upon not less than ninety (90) days advance written notice 
to Customer.  Any default by Customer under this FBPP Agreement will constitute a default by Customer under the HITS Agreement.  
Any default by Customer under the HITS Agreement will constitute a default and breach of condition by Customer under this FBPP 
Agreement.  Termination of the HITS Agreement will result in termination of this FBPP Agreement.  HSS may terminate this FBPP 
Agreement without terminating the HITS Agreement, whereupon the HITS Agreement will be construed and enforced as if this FBPP 
Agreement had never been entered into (subject to accrued rights and obligations). 
Upon termination of this FBPP Agreement, Customer will be required to assume any remaining lease payments of HSS as to the Network 
Authorized Equipment that is provided Customer pursuant to this FBPP Agreement or to purchase such equipment from HSS’s lessor.  
The costs (which will vary depending upon the equipment involved and the timing of the termination) and the various options available 
will be sent to Customer at the time of the notification of the upcoming termination.  Upon termination of this FBPP Agreement, HSS will 
pass on to Customer, and Customer will be responsible for, all subsequent fees and costs of Equipment Maintenance and Software 
Maintenance.  If a termination occurs before the expiration of three (3) years since HSS incurred installation and/or service fees and costs 
in performing a refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment (“Refresh Costs”), then Customer will also reimburse HSS for the 
unamortized value (on a monthly basis over a thirty-six (36) month period) of such Refresh costs. 
In addition, Customer will pay to HSS a termination fee which is designed to reimburse the Preferred Provider and/or HSS in part for 
unamortized or otherwise unrecovered costs of the Certified Third Party Software and Vendor Equipment Maintenance Fees under this 
FBPP Agreement.  If such termination occurs during the first year following the Start Date, the termination fee will be in the amount of 
$5,000.  If such termination occurs or if Customer's use of the Preferred Provider terminates following the shipment date of the Network 
Authorized Equipment to Customer’s Hotel (the “Start Date”)  during subsequent years following such Start Date, the termination fee will 
be as follows:  
During second year 
$4,000 
During third year  
$3,000 
Thereafter 
 
$1,000 
Provided, however, if this FBPP Agreement is terminated or if the Customer’s use of the Preferred Provider is terminated after a HSS 
Refresh of Network Authorized Equipment, the termination fee will depend upon the period elapsed after the Start Date applicable to 
shipment of the Network Authorized Equipment for each successive HSS Refresh as follows:   
During first year  
$4,000 
During second year 
$3,000 
During third year  
$2,000 
Thereafter 
 
$1,000 
5. Property of HSS.  The Network Authorized Equipment will be and remain the property of HSS, subject only to the conditional Equipment 
License granted to Customer in this FBPP Agreement. 
6. Additional Equipment/Software. Any and all additional Authorized Equipment (“Standard Plus Equipment”) may be purchased or leased 
by Customer from a Preferred Provider. Any and all additional Certified Third Party Software authorized by HSS but not included in the 
Brand standard applicable to Customer (“Standard Plus Software”) may be licensed or sublicensed from HSS or a Preferred Provider. 
7. Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used in this FBPP Agreement which are not specially defined in this FBPP Agreement will have 
the meaning ascribed to such terms in the HITS Agreement. 
