 
6 
2025 US HILTON 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of ownership, 
or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this Disclosure 
Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-licensing,” 
respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers to the renovation 
of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so that it may operate as a 
Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or control of an existing Brand 
hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new franchise after the expiration of a prior 
franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a category shown on the Franchise Application. It 
is a form of Conversion. 
 
We also offer franchises for an eforea spa to be located in the Hotel, featuring an exclusive menu of 
treatment journeys and innovative design elements, including unique zones that a spa guest passes 
through on their treatment journey. If you elect to add an eforea spa to your Hotel, you must sign the 
Eforea Spa Amendment to Franchise Agreement (“Spa Amendment”).  The form is attached at Exhibit 
D-3. The franchisee of the spa must be the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement for operation of 
the hotel. If you sign the Spa Amendment, the System will include the eforea spa and all of its elements 
and you must comply with the eforea spa Manual.  In that case, references in this Disclosure Document 
to the Manual will also include the eforea spa Manual.  If there is a conflict between the Manual, and 
the eforea spa Manual, the eforea spa Manual will control.  If you are operating a spa under a trademark 
other than eforea, the System will not include the eforea spa concept, but you still must comply with the 
System and our requirements related to spas generally, as found in our Manual. 
 
We also offer licenses for the Restaurant Brands that may be used in the operation of one or more 
restaurant or bar facilities located at your Hotel.  We will begin offering these Restaurant Brands in 
2024.  We will offer several different Restaurant Brands that reflect different dining concepts, as detailed 
on Exhibit J-2. Our Restaurant Brands are optional. You are not required to use any Restaurant Brand 
at your Hotel. Each Restaurant Brand features a distinctive brand name and trademark that conveys a 
specific identity, concept and theme, and the type of dining experience for guests, including the type of 
food and beverages offered, the décor, ambiance, lighting, music, operating supplies, and service 
experience. For each Restaurant Brand we will provide the brand name and trademark, along with a 
package of support materials that includes menu templates, design and visual identity guides, and 
supporting collateral for the concept. We may specify required menu items and the types and quality 
level of other menu items that you may offer.  We do not place any restrictions on your sources of food 
products or other items used in the restaurant, however, any sourcing restrictions that apply to 
restaurants and food and beverage outlets generally under the Standards apply to the Restaurant 
Brands as well.  Currently, the Restaurant Brands do not have any quality assurance or training 
requirements in addition to or separate from those that exist generally under the Standards, but we may 
develop such additional requirements in the future. Our Restaurant Brands are designed to provide a 
solution that you can use when your Hotel will have a restaurant or bar facility and the identity, concept 
and branding elements have not been established yet.  Accordingly, our Restaurant Brands are 
intended to fall within the cost estimates for developing a new standard prototype hotel with a restaurant 
or bar facility as outlined in this Disclosure Document (as part of either a New Development or a 
Conversion), other than the fees shown in Items 5 and 6.  
 
If you elect to add Restaurant Brand to your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand Amendment to 
Franchise Agreement (“Restaurant Brand Amendment”) attached as Exhibit D-4. If you sign the 
Restaurant Brand Amendment, the System will include the Restaurant Brand and all of its elements 
and you must comply with the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. In that case, all references in this 
Disclosure Document to the Standards or the Manual will also include the Restaurant Brand Guidelines.  
If there is a conflict between the Manual and the Restaurant Brand Guidelines, the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines will control. If you are operating a restaurant or bar under a trademark other than a 
