 
56 
2025 US HILTON 
does not attain the minimum score, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently, there is no 
separate fee for this training.   
 
4. 
 
OnQ Rate & Inventory Training.  Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be utilizing the OnQ 
Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective self-paced web-based 
training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all reservations and revenue 
management staff have successfully completed training and have passed a certification test by at least 
a minimum score of 80%. Up to 3 of your management staff must be certified, 1 of whom must be your 
director/manager of revenue management (or equivalent). If your staff does not attain the minimum 
score, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
5. 
 
OnQ Forecast Management (FM) Training. The OnQ FM online training is mandatory for all 
of your employees working in the designated subject areas within 60 days of their start date. This may 
include your directors/managers of revenue management, sales, front office operations, and their 
assistants. Each attendee must demonstrate proficiency in all areas of OnQ FM. Currently, there is no 
separate fee for this training. 
 
6. 
 
GRO System Training. The GRO System Training is mandatory for all of your staff working in 
the designated areas within 21 days of their start date. Currently there are 3 different GRO System 
courses, and  the specific courses required vary based on job position. Currently, there is no separate 
fee for this training. 
 
7. 
Hilton Honors Training. The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University.  This 
training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable front office 
personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 14 to 45 days of 
their start date, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
8. 
Hilton Core Sales Skills. All designated commercial leaders and sales staff must successfully 
complete this certification program within 90 days of their start date. This program teaches Hilton’s sales 
process and reinforces critical consultative selling skills. Attendees must complete the applicable track 
to complete the certification: The “Foundations” track is for attendees with less than 2 years of 
experience. It consists of a 6-week blended learning program. The “Accelerated” track is for attendees 
with 2 or more years of experience. It consists of a 2-week blended learning program. Currently, the 
cost is up to $600 per attendee.  
 
9. 
 
ADA Training. If you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change of 
Ownership Transfer for the Hotel, we may require you or personnel you designate to attend an online 
training in order to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA consultant to determine the 
Hotel’s compliance with the ADA. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
10.  
Annual Compliance Training. Your Hotel must meet annual compliance training requirements.  
Topics may include diversity and inclusion, unconscious bias, harassment prevention, human trafficking 
prevention, disability awareness, cyber security, and health and safety. For cyber security, disability 
awareness, human trafficking prevention, diversity and inclusion, and unconscious bias, we offer 
training at no cost. Alternatively, you may choose to obtain this training from a vendor of your choice, in 
which case the cost would be agreed between you and the vendor. For the compliance topics of 
harassment prevention and health and safety, we do not offer training, but will provide vendor 
recommendations upon request. We estimate vendor fees would typically cost $25 to $50 per person, 
per topic, for this training. 
 
