HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE F 
HILTON OR SIGNIA HILTON BRAND FEE BASED PRICING PROGRAM AGREEMENT:  0.75% PROGRAM 
This Fee Based Pricing Program Agreement (this “FBPP Agreement”) is entered into as of the %HotelApprovedDay% day of 
%HotelApprovedMonth%, %HotelApprovedYear% between Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (“HSS”) 
and %LegalEntity% (the “Customer”) for Customer’s Hotel (the “Hotel”) known as %HotelName% (%Inncode%) and located at 
%PropertyAddressLine% 
In connection with the Information Technology Systems Agreement (the “HITS Agreement”) entered into between HSS and Customer 
(and if applicable, in anticipation of the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton brand division hotel), HSS is willing to make certain 
benefits available to Customer for the above Hotel under HSS’s Fee Based Pricing Program (“FBPP”) on the terms, conditions and 
limitations hereinafter set forth.   
For good, valuable and sufficient consideration, Customer hereby enters into this FBPP Agreement, and HSS and Customer agree as 
follows: 
1. Customer’s Benefits.   
a) Equipment License. HSS will provide for use by Customer at Customer’s Hotel that portion of the Authorized Equipment 
needed, as determined solely by HSS, for the network operation of the Proprietary Software, as such equipment is more 
specifically described on Attachment (1) attached to and forming part of this FBPP Agreement being hereinafter called the 
“Network Authorized Equipment,” together with shipping and transportation costs on such equipment.  HSS hereby licenses to 
Customer the use of such Network Authorized Equipment (the “Equipment License”), subject to the terms, conditions and 
limitations set forth in this FBPP Agreement.  The Equipment License and any installation fees for which HSS is responsible 
under 1(b) are provided in consideration of the payment (“FBPP Payment”) provided in section 2(a) of this FBPP Agreement 
and the other obligations of the Customer, without an additional license fee. 
b) Equipment Installation. Customer will be responsible for the fees and costs for installation services relative to Network 
Authorized Equipment as well as any Standard Plus Equipment.  Under the Refreshment Program (the “Refreshment Program”) 
of Network Authorized Equipment, HSS anticipates that Network Authorized Equipment will be replaced or refreshed in HSS’s 
sole discretion (the “Refresh”) on an approximate three (3) year cycle, starting approximately three (3) years after the initial 
installation of Network Authorized Equipment.  HSS will be responsible for the fees and costs for installation services of Network 
Authorized Equipment on the date that such equipment is refreshed under the Refreshment Program.  Customer's Refresh will 
be timed to occur prior to the end of the three (3) year cycle.  If Customer fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including 
order dates for equipment and software, Customer will be responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, 
but not limited to, rent extension costs on Network Authorized Equipment and higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance 
and software maintenance. 
c) Certain Software and Services. Use of certain software and service items listed in this section 1(c) is provided pursuant to the 
terms, conditions and limitations contained in the HITS Agreement of which this Schedule is a part.  In lieu of the separate fees 
and costs and methods of payment provided for such items in the HITS Agreement, the FBPP Payment will cover the fees and 
costs for the following items, except as noted: 
i) OnQ® Core Modules Software License Fees. The FBPP Payment covers the software license fees for software 
licenses for certain OnQ® Core Modules. The license fees for OnQ® Core Modules covered by the FBPP Payment are 
as follows: 
1) Revenue Management System 
2) Electronic Mail (limited to that necessary to enable seven (7) accounts) 
3) Customer Relationship Management 
Customer will provide, at Customer’s cost, for use by Customer’s Hotel, the balance of the OnQ® modules required by 
HSS 
ii) Certified Third Party Software License Fees.  The FBPP Payment covers the software license fees for software 
licenses for the use of the following Certified Third Party Software: 
1) Microsoft Windows XX Server and SQL License 
2) Microsoft Windows XX and SQL Client Access License 
3) Virus Protection 
