 
70 
2025 US HILTON 
You are solely responsible for the management and operation of your Hotel at all times, regardless of 
whether you are an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity. Your 
engagement of a Management Company does not reduce your obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement. We may communicate directly with your managers and Management Company, and we 
have the right to rely on their communications to us as being on made your behalf.   
We will not require you or your Management Company to sign an agreement not to compete with us 
after the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires. However, you may not engage, directly or 
indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your Hotel with any other hotel, motel or related 
business without our prior written consent, except for System Hotels or Network Hotels. You and your 
Management Company must not copy or disclose any confidential or proprietary materials without our 
prior written consent. 
 
In addition, you may not be a Competitor (defined below) and we reserve the right to not approve a 
Competitor, or any entity that is the exclusive manager for a Competitor through itself or an affiliate, to 
manage your Hotel. If your Management Company becomes a Competitor, you will have 90 days to 
retain a qualified substitute Management Company that we approve.  
A "Competitor" means any individual or entity that at any time during the Term, whether directly or 
through an affiliate, owns in whole or in part, or is the licensor or franchisor of, a Competing Brand, 
irrespective of the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised by the Competitor under such 
Competing Brand. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a franchisee of a 
Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand hotel, so long as the individual or entity is not the 
exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) owns a minority interest in a Competing Brand, so 
long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its affiliates is an officer, director, or employee of the 
Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, control over the business decisions of the 
Competing Brand. A “Competing Brand” means a hotel brand or trade name that, in our sole business 
judgment, competes with the System or any Network Hotel.   
After a review of the financial information submitted with your Application and the proposed ownership 
of the Hotel and real property, we determine guaranty requirements. Each required guarantor, who may 
include the spouse of an owner of the Hotel or the franchisee, must sign a Guaranty, by which the 
guarantor assumes and agrees to discharge certain of the Franchisee's obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement. In addition, we may require you to provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us 
as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan related to the Hotel or as a condition to 
our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals may obtain. Such loans may include those 
in which the Hotel loan will be cross-collateralized and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or 
loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice 
of default, we may also require you to provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering 
all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E. 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
We do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom you may sell goods or services. In 
general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and levels of services, amenities and 
products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection with the hotel. You must 
comply with our requirements regarding supplies, including our specifications for all supplies and our 
policies regarding suppliers from whom you purchase supplies. High standards are the essence of the 
System we license to you. 
 
