{00264795-17} 
12 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
4.4.2 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the 
System and/or the Network, including:  
 
4.4.2.1 
advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and 
other marketing programs;  
 
4.4.2.2 
developing and maintaining directories of and Internet sites for System 
Hotels and/or Network Hotels;  
 
4.4.2.3 
developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and 
support; and  
 
4.4.2.4 
administrative costs and overhead related to the administration or 
direction of these projects and programs.    
 
4.4.3 
We will have the sole right to determine how and when we spend these funds, 
including sole control over the creative concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the placement 
and allocation of advertising, and the selection of promotional programs.  
 
4.4.4 
We may enter into arrangements for development, marketing, operations, 
administrative, technical and support functions, facilities, programs, and/or other services with any other 
entity, including any of our Affiliates or third parties.   
 
4.4.5 
You acknowledge that Monthly Program Fees are intended for the benefit of the 
System and the Network and will not simply be used to promote or benefit any one Network Hotel or market.  
We will have no obligation in administering any activities paid for with the Monthly Program Fee to make 
expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your payments or to ensure that the Hotel 
benefits directly or proportionately from such expenditures.   
 
4.4.6 
We may create any programs and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program 
Fees to any regions or localities, as we consider appropriate in our sole business judgment.  The aggregate 
of Monthly Program Fees paid to us by System Hotels and/or Network Hotels does not constitute a trust or 
“advertising fund” and we are not a fiduciary with respect to the Monthly Program Fees paid by you and 
other System Hotels and/or other Network Hotels.   
 
4.4.7 
We are not obligated to expend funds in excess of the amounts received from 
System Hotels and/or Network Hotels.  If any interest is earned on unused Monthly Program Fees, we will 
use the interest before using the principal.  The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs of 
participating in any optional marketing programs and promotions offered by us in which you voluntarily 
choose to participate.  These Monthly Program Fees do not cover the cost of operating the Hotel in 
accordance with the Standards.  
 
4.5 
Inspections/Compliance Assistance.  We will administer a quality assurance program 
for the System that may include conducting pre-opening and periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest 
satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure compliance with the Standards.  You will permit us to inspect the 
Hotel without prior notice to you to determine if the Hotel is in compliance with the Standards.  You will 
cooperate with our representatives during these inspections. You will then take all steps necessary to 
correct any deficiencies within the times we establish.  We may charge you quality assurance program fees 
and charges as set forth in the Standards.  You will provide complimentary accommodations for the quality 
assurance auditor each time we conduct an on-site quality assurance inspection, evaluation, or re-
evaluation, or to verify that deficiencies noted in a quality assurance evaluation report or PIP have been 
corrected or completed by the required dates. Audits conducted under our quality assurance program will 
not include review or approval of your (or your Management Company’s) personnel policies or procedures. 
 
