HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
(c) Customer’s Hotel remains a Hilton brand hotel (after conversion and rebranding if applicable). 
(d) Customer executes the HITS Agreement contemporaneously with this FBPP Agreement. 
(e) Customer’s participation and continued cooperation with HSS in HSS’s Fee Based Pricing Program, including, but 
not limited to, the refreshment of Listed Equipment. 
(f) If applicable, Customer must complete the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton brand hotel. 
 4. Termination. HSS may terminate all obligations of HSS under this FBPP Agreement at HSS’s option:  (a) Immediately without notice 
in event of breach of Customer’s obligations or conditions set forth in Sections 2 and 3 above, or (b) at any time, with or without cause, 
upon not less than ninety (90) days advance written notice to Customer.  Any default by Customer under this FBPP Agreement will 
constitute a default by Customer under the HITS Agreement and in such event, HSS may exercise any of its rights provided under the 
HITS Agreement.  Any default by Customer under the HITS Agreement will constitute a default and breach of condition by Customer 
under this FBPP Agreement.  Termination of the HITS Agreement will result in termination of this FBPP Agreement.  HSS may terminate 
this FBPP Agreement without terminating the HITS Agreement, whereupon the HITS Agreement will be construed and enforced as if this 
FBPP Agreement had never been entered into (subject to accrued rights and obligations). 
Upon termination of this FBPP Agreement, HSS will pass onto Customer, and Customer will be responsible for, all subsequent fees and 
costs of Equipment Maintenance and Software Maintenance. 
In addition, Customer will pay to HSS a termination fee which is designed to reimburse the Preferred Provider and/or HSS in part for 
unamortized or otherwise unrecovered costs of the software maintenance and equipment maintenance fees.  If such termination occurs 
during the first year following the Start Date, the termination fee will be in the amount of $4,000.  If such termination occurs during 
subsequent years following such Start Date, the termination fee will be as follows:  
During second year 
$2,500 
During third year  
$1,000 
Thereafter 
 
$1,000 
Provided, however, if this FBPP Agreement is terminated or if the Customer’s use of the Preferred Provider is terminated after any 
Customer Refresh of Listed Equipment, the termination fee will depend upon the period elapsed after the Start Date applicable to shipment 
of the Listed Equipment for each such successive Customer Refresh as follows: 
During first year  
$4,000 
During second year 
$2,500 
During third year  
$1,000 
Thereafter 
 
$1,000 
5. Additional Equipment/Software. Any and all additional Authorized Equipment (“Standard Plus Equipment”) may be purchased or leased 
by Customer from a Preferred Provider. Any and all additional Certified Third Party Software authorized by HSS but not included in the 
Brand standard applicable to Customer (“Standard Plus Software”) may be licensed or sublicensed from HSS or a Preferred Provider.   
6. Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used in this FBPP Agreement which are not specially defined in this FBPP Agreement will have 
the meaning ascribed to such terms in the HITS Agreement. 
7. Other Important Provisions. The parties mutually acknowledge and agree that the Listed Equipment is part of the Authorized Equipment 
referred to in the HITS Agreement, that this FBPP Agreement is a schedule to the HITS Agreement and that this FBPP Agreement and 
its performance by the parties are a part of the transactions contemplated by the HITS Agreement.  Upon Customer’s Refresh of Listed 
Equipment, the terms and conditions applicable to any equipment, software or services provided for the Refresh will be the same as the 
terms and conditions of this FBPP Agreement, including, but not limited to, the termination fees described herein; and, except for such 
termination fees (as specified above), all terms and provisions hereof (including those incorporated by reference below) will apply as if 
this FBPP Agreement was executed on the Start Date for each such Refresh.  In the event of conflict between the provisions of this FBPP 
Agreement and the provisions of the HITS Agreement, the provisions of this FBPP Agreement will prevail.  Except as modified herein, all 
provisions of the HITS Agreement applicable to the Authorized Equipment, Proprietary Software, Certified Third Party Software and 
Services are applicable to the equipment, software, and services described herein or provided hereunder.  Where HSS is providing 
equipment, software or services instead of such items being provided by a Preferred Provider, HSS will be entitled to all of the protections 
and the limitations of warranties, liabilities and damages as if HSS were such Preferred Provider.    Except as the context may otherwise 
require, all references to “this Agreement” in these incorporated provisions will, for purposes of this FBPP Agreement, be construed to 
include this FBPP Agreement, and where applicable, such provisions are hereby reasserted, re-applied and re-acknowledged as of the 
effective date hereof. 
8. Notices. The notice provisions of the HITS Agreement will apply to all notices, requests, demands and other communications under 
this FBPP Agreement. 
