 
50 
2025 US HILTON 
Under the FBPP program, the hardware will be provided by our preferred providers, installed by HSS, 
and maintained by HSS or its agents. You must pay HSS for the software, installation and configuration 
charges about 45 days before your Hotel opens. We estimate that this will cost between $103,500 and 
$310,800, based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. This includes the reasonable 
travel and other expenses of HSS and its employees and vendors who perform the installation and 
configuration services. If your Hotel is owned by a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”), the OnQ 
FBPP fee will be 0.35% to 0.45% of Gross Rooms Revenue per month. However, the REIT FBPP fee 
does not cover the required hardware, which may be purchased from HSS or one of its preferred 
providers. REIT hotels otherwise pay installation costs on the same basis as non-REIT hotels.  As an 
alternative for both REIT and non-REIT hotels, you may purchase or lease the required hardware from 
another (non-preferred) third party vendor; but if you do you must pay for the cost of the hardware in 
addition to the FBPP fee you pay to us, and you must pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in 
determining that the hardware conforms to our specifications. You must license the OnQ software from 
our affiliate, HSS. HSS is the only supplier of the OnQ software because it is proprietary. We are not 
able to determine a separate market price because there is no third-party market for this product. The 
cost of the OnQ software is covered by the FBPP fee. These computer system fees are not refundable. 
 
About 90 to 120 days before your Hotel opens, you must sign the agreement for OnQ (HITS Agreement) 
and/or other related agreements we require, which will govern your access to and use of the OnQ 
system.  The current HITS Agreement is attached as Exhibit G.  You must also purchase certain 
software licenses such as Windows Server operating systems and related client access licenses, 
database applications, and virus detection and removal tools.  Where applicable, these licenses must 
be purchased through existing enterprise agreements HSS has in place with vendors such as Microsoft.  
REIT hotels pay these fees on the same basis as non-REIT hotels.  HSS will invoice the Hotel for such 
purchases.  You may purchase other software not covered by enterprise agreements from other third-
party suppliers.  Costs of these licenses may vary based on the number of users or computers at your 
Hotel and other factors. 
OnQ Connectivity.  Currently, there is no separate fee charged for Brand hotels.   
Start Up Delay and Rescheduling Fees. You must have one or more Systems Implementation 
Consultants (“SICs”) on site for your Hotel’s opening. HSS determines the number of SICs and the 
number of days they will be on site based on size and type of hotel. Any delays in opening will cost 
$700 per SIC per day for each additional day, plus the SICs’ travel expenses. If the delay results in the 
departure and re-scheduling of the SICs’ on-site service period, a $2,000 re-scheduling fee would be 
charged plus the SICs’ additional travel expenses. These fees are not refundable (see HITS Agreement, 
Order Document Sections 1.6 and 1.11).   
Hardware and Software Maintenance and Support. HSS provides maintenance upgrades on OnQ 
software.  In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware and you must 
pay the first month’s fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware.  The cost varies based on the 
size of the hotel and number of workstations. In 2024, these fees ranged from $2,652 to $7,152 per 
month ($31,824 and $85,824 per year). Currently, the FBPP fees for non-REIT hotels covers the cost 
of OnQ hardware maintenance and support.  REIT hotels must pay for OnQ hardware maintenance 
and support separately. These fees are not refundable (see HITS Agreement, Schedule B-2).  REIT 
hotels must also replace or upgrade the OnQ hardware as follows: (a) for items with a total purchase 
price of over $1,000, you must replace any hardware within your Hotel’s next annual budgetary cycle 
after we request you to do so, and (b) for items with a total purchase price of under $1,000, you must 
replace any hardware within 90 days after we request you to do so. The REIT FBPP fee currently covers 
upgrades for certain certified third-party software, the proprietary property management component and 
