 
80 
2025 US HILTON 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), Spa 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement
Summary 
FA §12.4 
You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the hotel or 
an Equity Interest to a lender that finances the acquisition, 
development or operation of the hotel, without notifying us or 
obtaining our consent, if (i) you or the applicable Equity 
Owner are the sole borrower, and (ii) the loan is not secured 
by any other hotels or other collateral. You must notify us of 
any other proposed mortgage or pledge, including any 
collateral assignment of this Agreement, and obtain our 
consent, which we may withhold in our business judgment. 
We will evaluate the proposed mortgage or pledge according 
to our then-current procedure and standards for processing 
such requests. We may issue our consent in the form of a 
“lender comfort letter” agreement in a form satisfactory to us, 
and may include an estoppel and general release of claims. 
We charge a fee for the processing of a lender comfort letter. 
 
FA §5.1.24 
You may lease or sublease commercial space in the hotel, or 
enter into concession arrangements for operations in 
connection with the hotel, in the ordinary course of business, 
subject to our right to review and approve the nature of the 
proposed business and the proposed brand and concept, all 
in keeping with our then current Standards for System Hotels. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is a 
Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise Agreement, 
we may permit the HITS Agreement to be assigned. 
Spa Amendment §8 
You may not transfer the hotel or the eforea spa without 
simultaneously transferring the other to the same buyer. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment §8 
 
Unless we terminate the Restaurant Brand Amendment, you 
may not transfer the hotel or the restaurant using a 
Restaurant Brand without simultaneously transferring the 
other to the same buyer. 
n. Our right of first 
refusal to 
acquire your 
business 
FA §19 
If you receive an unsolicited bona fide offer for the hotel or a 
controlling interest in you or your affiliate, other than Permitted 
Transfers, from a third party, you must notify us in writing and 
we have a right of first offer, exercisable within 30 days, to 
make an offer to purchase the marketed interests. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
None. 
o. Our option to 
purchase your 
business 
FA - Not applicable 
None. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
None. 
p. Your death or 
disability 
FA §12.2.1.2.3 
On the death of a Franchisee or Equity Owner who is a 
natural person, this Agreement or the Equity Interest of the 
deceased Equity Owner may Transfer in accordance with 
such person’s will or, if such person dies intestate, in 
accordance with laws of intestacy governing the distribution of 
such person’s estate without our consent, provided that: (a) 
the Transfer On Death is to an immediate family member or to 
a legal entity formed by such family member(s); and (b) within 
1 year after the death, such family member(s) or entity meet 
all of our then current requirements for an approved applicant 
and the transfer otherwise satisfies our conditions. 
