HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
Thereafter -  
 
$1,200 
Provided, however, if this FBPP Agreement is terminated after any HSS Refresh of Network Authorized Equipment, the termination fee 
will depend upon the period elapsed after the Start Date applicable to shipment of the Network Authorized Equipment for each such 
successive HSS Refresh, as follows:  The termination fee will be the greater of (a) the fee determined under the table above, based on 
the period elapsed since the original Start Date or (b) the fee determined under the table below, based on the period elapsed since the 
new Start Date. 
During first year  
$4,000 
During second year 
$2,600 
During third year  
$1,300 
Thereafter 
 
$1,000 
5. Property of HSS. The Network Authorized Equipment will be and remain the property of HSS, subject only to the conditional Equipment 
License granted to Customer in this FBPP Agreement. 
6. Additional Equipment/Software. Any and all additional Authorized Equipment (“Standard Plus Equipment”) may be purchased or leased 
by Customer from a Preferred Provider.  Any and all additional Certified Third Party Software authorized by HSS but not included in the 
Brand standard applicable to Customer (“Standard Plus Software”) may be licensed or sublicensed from HSS or a Preferred Provider.     
7. Defined Terms.  All capitalized terms used in this FBPP Agreement which are not specially defined in this FBPP Agreement will have 
the meaning ascribed to such terms in the HITS Agreement. 
8. Other Important Provisions. The parties mutually acknowledge and agree that the Network Authorized Equipment is part of the 
Authorized Equipment referred to in the HITS Agreement, that this FBPP Agreement is a schedule to the HITS Agreement and that this 
FBPP Agreement and its performance by the parties are a part of the transactions contemplated by the HITS Agreement.  Upon HSS’s 
Refresh of Network Authorized Equipment, the terms and conditions applicable to any equipment, software or services provided for the 
Refresh will be the same as the terms and conditions of this FBPP Agreement, including, but not limited to, the termination fees described 
herein; and, except for such termination fees (as specified above), all terms and provisions hereof (including those incorporated by 
reference below) will apply as if this FBPP Agreement was executed on the Start Date for each such Refresh.  In the event of conflict 
between the provisions of this FBPP Agreement and the provisions of the HITS Agreement, the provisions of this FBPP Agreement will 
prevail.  Except as modified herein, all provisions of the HITS Agreement applicable to the Authorized Equipment, Proprietary Software, 
Certified Third Party Software and Services are applicable to the equipment, software, and services described herein or provided 
hereunder.  Where HSS is providing equipment, software or services instead of such items being provided by a Preferred Provider, HSS 
will be entitled to all of the protections and the limitations of warranties, liabilities and damages as if HSS were such Preferred Provider.  
Except as the context may otherwise require, all references to “this Agreement” in these incorporated provisions will, for purposes of this 
FBPP Agreement, be construed to include this FBPP Agreement, and where applicable, such provisions are hereby reasserted, re-
applied and re-acknowledged as of the effective date hereof. 
9. Notices. The notice provisions of the HITS Agreement will apply to all notices, requests, demands and other communications under 
this FBPP Agreement. 
10. Counterparts. This FBPP Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will constitute one and the same 
instrument. 
The effective date (“Effective Date”) will be the date signed by HSS. 
 
HSS 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC 
 
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
 
By: 
%HiltonApproverSignature% 
 
By: 
%HotelApproverSignature% 
 
Name: 
%AMERCountersigner% 
 
Name: 
 
%HotelApproverName%  
 
Title: 
%AMERCountersignerTitle% 
 
Title: 
 
%HotelApproverTitle% 
 
Date: 
 
%HiltonApprovedDate%  
 
Date: 
 
%HotelApprovedDate%  
