 
69 
2025 US HILTON 
 
All information that we provide to you, including but not limited to Personal Information, for your use in 
connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. You may not use any such 
information after the Term, except as expressly permitted by us in writing in the Standards or 
otherwise.  All information we obtain from you or about your Hotel or its guests or prospective guests 
under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement (including agreements relating to the 
computerized reservation, revenue management, property management, and other system(s) we 
provide or require), or otherwise related to your Hotel (“Information”), and all revenues we derive from 
the Information will also be our property (except for Information you provide with respect to yourself and 
any affiliates, including your or your affiliates’ respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners or 
members), which we may use for any reason as we consider necessary or appropriate, in our judgment, 
including making financial performance representations in our Franchise Disclosure Documents. At your 
own risk you may use Information that you acquire from third parties in operating your Hotel, such as 
customer data (but not including any such information obtained in connection with guest reservations 
or any loyalty or frequent guest program operated by us or our Affiliates), at any time during or after the 
Term to the extent lawful and, but only in connection with operating your Hotel.  
 
You must abide by all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information, 
including, without limitation, local, regional and national requirements applicable to your Hotel (“Privacy 
Laws”). In addition, you must comply with our standards and policies pertaining to the privacy and 
security of personal information, customer relationships and Privacy Laws. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE  
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must provide qualified and experienced management for the operation of your Hotel.  To fulfill this 
responsibility, your Hotel must be operated either by you or a third-party management company 
(“Management Company”) that we have approved. No other person or entity may operate the Hotel.   
We will only grant approval when we consider you or your proposed Management Company to be 
qualified to manage the Hotel. We may refuse to approve you or any proposed Management Company 
that, in our reasonable business judgment, is inexperienced or unqualified in managerial skills or 
operating capacity or capability, or is unable to adhere fully to the obligations and requirements of the 
Franchise Agreement.  
If you wish to manage your Hotel directly, you must have our prior written approval and successfully 
complete our training program, unless we waive this requirement. If we determine that you are not 
qualified to operate the Hotel, at any time, we may require you to retain a Management Company that 
is acceptable to us to manage the Hotel.  
If you wish to hire or are required to hire a Management Company to manage your Hotel, you must 
obtain our prior written approval.  Your Management Company must have the authority to perform all 
of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including all indemnity and insurance obligations. 
After we approve the Management Company, we can require the general manager and other personnel, 
such as the director of sales, to attend training programs that pertain to the operational functions of the 
Hotel related to those roles as are necessary to meet our Brand Standards. If your Management 
Company resigns or is terminated by you, or otherwise becomes unsuitable or unqualified to operate 
the Hotel as determined by us, in our sole judgment, you must retain a new Management Company that 
is acceptable to us within 90 days.  
