 
43 
2025 US HILTON 
 
Lighting Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party lighting consultant (“Lighting Consultant”) to 
develop the lighting design for all public areas throughout your Hotel. In that event, you may not use a 
Lighting Consultant that we have not approved. The Lighting Consultant is responsible for creating a 
lighting concept that delivers a Brand-appropriate experience consistent with your Hotel’s market 
positioning, food and beverage outlets, and other amenities. Your Lighting Consultant must cooperate 
with us to ensure that your lighting plans are appropriate and meet our Standards.  The estimated cost 
of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above.  
 
Audio Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party acoustic or sound consultant (“Audio Consultant”) 
to develop the acoustic and sound design for all public areas of your Hotel. In that event, you may not 
use an Audio Consultant that we have not approved. The Audio Consultant is responsible for creating 
a plan for sound management and guest audio experience that delivers a Brand-appropriate experience 
consistent with you Hotel’s concept or theme, market positioning, food and beverage outlets, and other 
amenities. Your Audio Consultant must cooperate with us to ensure that your acoustic and sound design 
plans are appropriate and meet our Standards. The estimated cost of these services before opening is 
included in Item 7 above.  
 
Consultant Approval Process 
 
For each of the above-described Food and Beverage, Lighting, and Audio Consultants, we do not 
maintain a list of pre-approved consultants or a list of approval criteria for franchisees unless otherwise 
stated above. We review each proposed consultant based on several factors including: (1) the quality 
of their services; (2) an established history in serving the System or the hotel market; and (3) recognition 
by us and our franchisees for prior work done. There is no specific time period for approving or 
disapproving a consultant, however, we normally provide our approval or disapproval within about 30 
to 60 days. Currently, we do not charge any fee for reviewing a proposed consultant, and we do not 
receive any revenue or other benefits from an approved consultant based on your use of their services. 
We may disapprove any consultant at any time in our discretion.   
 
StiR Creative Collective 
 
Hilton currently offers food and beverage consulting services under the StiR Creative Collective 
program (“StiR”). These services are optional. You are not required to participate in the StiR 
program.  The specific consulting services that StiR offers may vary by the location and by the type of 
food and beverage outlets in your Hotel. These services may include, for example: (1) conducting a 
market study and preparing a feasibility report to identify opportunities and help you define the 
objectives of your Hotel’s food and beverage program; (2) developing a comprehensive food and 
beverage program proposing an identity and culinary direction for each food and beverage outlet in your 
Hotel; (3) developing names, logos, branding, and supporting collateral for each concept; and (4) 
consulting with you and your Hotel development project team to ensure that the architecture, interior 
design, kitchen and other back-of-house foodservice areas, lighting, sound, and other elements provide 
the intended operational ability and guest experience. In some cases, Hilton may also provide opening 
menus, recipes, training, and ongoing support after opening. You would need to sign a consulting 
agreement for these services. In each case the cost would vary, and would be agreed by you and Hilton 
based on the specific scope of services that you select.  By way of example, we anticipate that cost 
