 
37 
2025 US HILTON 
9. 
Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. The amount includes 
installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or 
containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications 
and standards we establish for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a vendor 
currently licensed by us.  You may contact your Architecture & Construction representatives for a current 
list.  
10. 
You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer systems, 
including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO system, Delphi Sales and Events 
system, Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening 
Transition Tool.  The estimated costs to acquire and install each of these systems are shown totaled 
here together, other than the Guest Internet Access system, the Connected Room System and the 
Delphi Sales and Events system, which are listed separately.  The amounts shown here may be different 
than the amounts shown in Item 5 because the amounts shown here also include costs that are payable 
to third parties. The operating costs during the initial period are included in the Additional Funds line in 
this table.  See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details.   
11. 
Under the FBPP program, for a required monthly fee of 0.45% to 0.75% of your Hotel’s Gross 
Rooms Revenue HSS provides you with the necessary hardware, software (other than the proprietary 
hotel operations management system software), maintenance and technical support for both the OnQ 
hardware and software.  If your Hotel is owned by a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”), the OnQ 
FBPP fee will be 0.35% to 0.45% of Gross Rooms Revenue per month. However, the REIT FBPP fee 
does not cover the required hardware or ongoing OnQ maintenance and support. REIT hotels otherwise 
pay installation costs on the same basis as non-REIT hotels.  As an alternative for both REIT and non-
REIT hotels, you may purchase or lease the required hardware from another (non-preferred) third party 
vendor; but if you do you must pay for the cost of the hardware in addition to the FBPP fee you pay to 
us, and you must pay HSS for its reasonable expenses in determining that the hardware conforms to 
our specifications. The cost of the OnQ software is covered by the FBPP fee. These fees are not 
refundable. See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details.   
12. 
We will provide the required training programs required under the terms set forth described in 
Items 5 and 11 of this Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training materials, and 
travel and living expenses while training. We may charge additional training costs based on the number 
of personnel that require training.   
13. 
If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change of Ownership 
Transfer for the hotel, we may require you to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA 
consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with the ADA. 
14. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which construction or renovation work must 
begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a further 
extension of this deadline and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
15. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at your 
expense. This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name as additional 
insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and notice requirements we 
specify in the Manual. Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of location, size of hotel and type of 
coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
16. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional rates. 
