 
61 
2025 US HILTON 
cooperatives are not legal entities and do not operate from written governing documents. These 
cooperatives need not prepare annual or periodic financial statements.  We may help form this type of 
cooperative whenever a group of franchisees wish to get together. Participation is voluntary. The 
contributions to these cooperatives vary depending on the voluntary contributions of members. These 
cooperatives may be administered by us, by franchisees, or by an advertising agency. If we participate 
in a cooperative, we can require it to be formed, changed, dissolved, or merged with another 
cooperative.  We cannot guarantee that we will offer any cooperative marketing programs to franchisees 
in the future. Any plan that we offer in the future may differ from the plans we offered to franchisees in 
past years. 
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the System and/or the 
Network, including advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and other 
marketing programs; developing and maintaining Brand directories and internet sites; developing and 
maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; certain quality assurance programs; certain 
technology programs; and administrative costs and overhead related to the administration or direction 
of these projects and programs. We have the sole right to determine how and when we spend these 
funds, including sole control over the creative concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the 
placement and allocation of advertising and the selection of promotional programs. We may enter into 
arrangements for development, marketing, operations, administrative, technical and support functions, 
facilities, programs, services and/or personnel with any other entity, including any affiliates.  Monthly 
Program Fees are intended for the benefit of the System and the Network, and will not be used to 
promote or benefit any one property or market. Occasionally, however, Monthly Program Fees may be 
used for a property or market-specific initiative if we determine it has a strategic value to the System or 
Network overall. We will have no obligation in administering any activities paid by the Monthly Program 
Fee to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your payments, or to ensure 
that your Hotel benefits directly or proportionately from such expenditures. We may create any 
programs, and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program Fees to any regions or localities as we 
consider appropriate in our sole judgment. The aggregate of Monthly Program Fees paid to us by 
franchisees does not constitute a trust or "advertising fund" and we are not a fiduciary with respect to 
the Monthly Program Fees paid by you and other franchisees. We are not obligated to expend funds in 
excess of the amounts received from franchisees. If any interest is earned on unused Monthly Program 
Fees, we will use the interest before using the principal. The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your 
costs of participating in any optional marketing programs and promotions periodically offered by us or 
our affiliates in which you voluntarily choose to participate. These fees also do not cover the cost of 
operating your Hotel in accordance with the standards in the Manual. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 4.4). 
 
Web Sites 
You may not register, own, or maintain any internet domain names, World Wide Web or other electronic 
communications sites, including mobile applications (each, a “Site” and collectively, "Sites"), relating to 
the Network, the System, or your Hotel, or that include the Marks. The only Sites, or Site contractors, 
that you may use for your Hotel are those assigned or approved by us. You must obtain our prior written 
approval of any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, any proposed links between the Site 
and any other Sites ("Linked Sites"), and any proposed modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. All 
Sites containing any of the Marks and any Linked Sites must advertise, promote, and reflect on your 
Hotel and the System in a first-class, dignified manner. Our right to approve all materials is necessitated 
by the fact that those materials will include and be inextricably linked with the Marks. Any use of the 
Marks on the internet and any other computer network or electronic distribution system, including mobile 
applications, must conform to our requirements, including the content, identity, and graphics standards 
for all System Hotels. Given the changing nature of computer and communications technology, we have 
