 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 
3 
2025 EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
spa’s premises, unless we specifically direct you to include advertising or promotion of 
Other Hotels or other non-eforea spas; and 
5.1.32 comply with System Standards for the training of persons involved in the 
operation of the eforea spa, including completion by each member of the spa’s staff of 
the training program for operation of the spa under the System, at a site we designate.  
You will pay us all fees and charges, if any, we require for your personnel to attend these 
training programs.  You will also be responsible for the wages, room, board and travel 
expenses of your personnel. 
7. 
Fees.  In addition to the fees set forth in the Franchise Agreement, you will pay us the 
following additional fees in connection with your eforea spa:   
(a) 
Initial Fee.  An initial fee of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000), due and 
payable on execution of this Amendment (“Initial Fee”) as consideration for our grant to you of the right to 
operate an eforea spa as specified by this Amendment.  The Initial Fee shall be deemed to have been 
earned by us at the time of execution of this Amendment by you, and shall not be refundable. 
(b) 
Spa Royalty.  An amount equal to two percent (2%) of your Gross Spa Revenue.  
This fee shall be added to your Monthly Royalty Fee but shall only be payable on Gross Spa Revenue.  
For the avoidance of any doubt, this fee (i) will be due and we will have all rights related to this fee as set 
forth in the Franchise Agreement related to the Monthly Royalty Fee, and (ii) is paid in addition to any 
other fees set forth in the Franchise Agreement.   
8. 
Lease; Competition; Transfer.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement to the contrary, you understand and acknowledge that:  (i) you may not lease or sublease 
commercial space in your eforea spa, or enter into concession arrangements for operations in connection 
with your eforea spa; (ii) neither you nor any affiliate may operate, have operated on your behalf or on 
behalf of an affiliate, or allow the operation of, another spa in, adjacent to or that is associated in any way 
with, the Hotel; (iii) you may not enter into a Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel unless you are 
also transferring your eforea spa in the same transaction and you may not enter into a Change of 
Ownership Transfer for your eforea spa unless you are also transferring your Hotel in the same 
transaction; and (iv) any Restricted Area granted by Franchisor shall not apply to Franchisee with respect 
to its eforea spa.  Further, in any transaction referred to in clause (ii) above, the Transferee for your Hotel 
and the spa operated as part of your Hotel must be the same entity.   
9. 
Termination.  You acknowledge and agree:  (i) the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement will terminate all of your rights to operate an eforea spa; and (ii) this Amendment 
can be terminated for any of the grounds set forth in the termination provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement, whether or not the Franchise Agreement is also terminated, following which you will have no 
further right to use the name “eforea” in connection with the operation of a spa at the Hotel Site.    
10. 
Your Obligations On Termination or Expiration.  In the event of a termination or expiration 
with respect to your right to operate the spa as an eforea spa, in addition to, and not in lieu of, any of your 
obligations that arise on termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, you will immediately:   
(a) 
cease using the eforea name, and any other names, marks, trade dress, 
systems, insignia, symbols, and other rights, procedures and methods licensed to you under this eforea 
Amendment with respect to the operation of a spa, and any confusingly similar names, marks, trade 
dress, systems, insignia, symbols, procedures and methods;  
(b) 
deliver all goods and materials containing that portion of the Marks related to the 
operation of an eforea spa to us and we will have the sole and exclusive use of any items containing 
those Marks; 
