 
5 
2025 US HILTON 
Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all System Hotels, U.S. Hilton 
hotels, Conrad International hotels, and Hilton International hotels (except where prohibited by 
law). The principal business address of Reservations Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas Parkway, 
Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, 
certain food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may purchase these items 
from HSM or such third parties, but you are not obligated to do so unless you are operating an 
eforea spa. In this case, you must purchase certain products and other items from HSM for sale 
in your spa. If you operate a food and beverage outlet under one of our Restaurant Brands, you 
may purchase these items for your food and beverage outlet from HSM or such third parties but 
you are not obligated to do so. 
 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and administers the 
Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the programs of Hilton Honors 
Worldwide. 
 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and support 
services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology System Agreement 
(“HITS Agreement”). 
 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Hilton Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity to have one of our 
affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at the same time as, or after, 
you sign your Franchise Agreement.   
 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor franchisor 
entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of our affiliates is 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102, unless otherwise noted.   
 
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels that will operate in the US under the Hilton 
Brand. Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate outside the US under the Hilton Brand 
under separate disclosure documents. Hilton Brand hotels are first-class, full service upper upscale 
hotels.   
 
We license the Hilton System (“System"). The System consists of the elements, including know-how, 
that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand and currently 
includes the Marks; access to the Reservation Service; advertising, publicity and other marketing 
programs and materials; training programs and materials; programs for our inspecting the hotel and 
consulting with you; standards, specifications and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, 
appearance and service of the hotel, and other elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the 
Manual or in other communications to you. We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or 
delete elements of the System.   
 
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the Brand, 
at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we have established as the essence of the 
System. You will be required to make future investments.  
 
