 
78 
2025 US HILTON 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), Spa 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement
Summary 
operating an eforea spa. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §§9 and 10 
If your right to use the designated Restaurant Brand 
terminates or expires, your post-term obligations include 
termination your use of the Restaurant Brand and any other 
brands, marks, systems or other rights licensed to you for the 
restaurant, delivery of all items containing any portion of our 
trademarks or service marks to us for use by us as we may 
see fit, make the changes we request to your Hotel, hotel site 
and restaurant to de-identify your restaurant as an Restaurant 
Brand, return all copies of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines, 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations and 
transfer any domain name listings and registrations that 
contain any reference to the Restaurant Brand to us, and 
cease representing yourself or the hotel as then or formerly 
operating a Restaurant Brand restaurant. 
HITS Agreement 4.2 
You must stop using our software and related documents, 
return all copies to us, and certify to us that you have done so.
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
FA §12.1 
We may assign or transfer the Franchise Agreement and any 
of our rights, duties or assets to any person or entity without 
your consent so long as the assignee assumes all of our 
obligations to permit you to operate the Hotel. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under the 
HITS Agreement to third parties but remains responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition  
FA §§1 and 12.2 
Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest, 
including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the Franchise 
Agreement, the site on which the hotel is located or any direct 
or indirect Equity Interest (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement). You may not transfer to a Competitor or a 
Sanctioned Person. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement.  We consider 
any attempt on your part to transfer or assign any of your 
rights or obligations under the HITS Agreement to be a 
“transfer” by you. 
l. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
FA §12.2 
A Transfer of any interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, or 
the Franchise Agreement (or any rights or obligations under it) 
are prohibited unless expressly allowed in the Franchise 
Agreement. The Franchise Agreement allows 2 types of 
Transfers if certain conditions are satisfied: (a) Permitted 
Transfers; and (b) Change of Ownership Transfers.  In any 
Transfer, the proposed Transferee may not be a Sanctioned 
Person or a Competitor. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is a 
Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise Agreement, 
we may permit the HITS Agreement to be assigned. 
m. Conditions for 
our approval of 
transfer. 
FA §12.2.1 
Permitted Transfers are Transfers that will not result in a 
change of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site.  
FA §12.2.1.1 
You may complete the following types of Permitted 
Transfers without giving us notice or obtaining our consent: 
Transfers of (a) Publicly Traded Equity Interests; (b) privately 
held Equity Interests when the transferee will hold less than 
