HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE H 
HILTON OR SIGNIA HILTON BRAND FEE BASED PRICING PROGRAM AGREEMENT: REIT HOTEL 
This Fee Based Pricing Program Agreement (this “FBPP Agreement”) is entered into as of the %HotelApprovedDay% day of 
%HotelApprovedMonth%, %HotelApprovedYear% between Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (“HSS”) 
and %LegalEntity% (the “Customer”) for Customer’s Hotel (the “Hotel”) known as %HotelName% (%Inncode%) and located at 
%PropertyAddressLine% 
In connection with the Information Technology Systems Agreement (the “HITS Agreement”) entered into between HSS and Customer 
(and if applicable, in anticipation of the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton brand division hotel), HSS is willing to make certain 
benefits available to Customer for the above Hotel under HSS’s Fee Based Pricing Program (“FBPP”) on the terms, conditions and 
limitations hereinafter set forth.  
For good, valuable and sufficient consideration, Customer hereby enters into this FBPP Agreement, and HSS and Customer agree as 
follows: 
1. Customer’s Benefits. 
a) Certain Software and Services.  Certain software and service items listed in this Section 1(a) are provided pursuant to the 
terms, conditions and limitations contained in the HITS Agreement of which this Schedule is a part.  In lieu of the separate fees 
and methods of payment provided for such items in the HITS Agreement, the FBPP Payment will cover the fees for the following 
items, except as noted: 
i) OnQ® Core Modules Software License Fees.  The FBPP Payment covers the software license fees for software 
licenses for certain of OnQ® Core Modules (together with the cost of installation services for such modules).  The 
license fees for OnQ® Core Modules covered by the FBPP Payment are as follows: 
1) Revenue Management System 
2) Electronic Mail (limited to that necessary to enable seven (7) accounts) 
3) Customer Relationship Management 
HSS may require for use by Customer’s Hotel, as determined solely by HSS, certain other OnQ® modules required by 
HSS for operation of Customer’s Hotel as a Hilton Brand hotel. Customer shall provide, at Customer’s cost, the license 
fees for the balance of the OnQ® modules for use by Customer’s Hotel as required by HSS. 
ii) Equipment Maintenance Fees. Customer’s maintenance fees and costs, during the term of this FBPP Agreement 
relative to the equipment maintenance on that part of Hotel’s equipment hereinafter described in Section 2(a) as the 
Listed Equipment, will be covered by the FBPP Payment unless Customer has indicated in the HITS Agreement that it 
has declined to use a Preferred Provider for such maintenance and such equipment has been designated as Non-
maintained Equipment.  Customer will pay separately for all maintenance fees and costs relative to the equipment 
maintenance on any other Authorized Equipment.  Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs for any on-site 
equipment maintenance will be billed separately to and payable by Customer. 
iii) Software Maintenance Fees. Customer’s software maintenance fees relative to the following will be covered by the 
FBPP Payment: 
Seven (7) Proprietary Software interfaces; and 
Three (3) OnQ® Core Modules (listed in this schedule). 
All other Software maintenance fees will be payable by Customer as provided in the HITS Agreement. Travel 
expenses, per diem fees and related costs for any on-site software maintenance will be billed separately to and 
payable by Customer. 
2. Customer’s Obligations.  Customer will: 
(a) Provide at Customer’s cost for use by Customer’s Hotel, the balance of the OnQ® Modules required by HSS, the 
Certified Third Party Software and the equipment needed, as determined solely by HSS, for the network operation of 
the OnQ® System, such equipment more specifically described on Attachment (1) attached to and forming part of the 
FBPP Agreement, being hereinafter called the “Listed Equipment.”  Customer will pay all shipping and transportation 
costs on such equipment.  Customer will, at HSS’s sole discretion and instruction: (i) replace any Listed Equipment 
with a purchase price exceeding $1,000.00 within Customer’s next annual budget cycle, following HSS’s instructions 
to acquire same; (ii) acquire any additional equipment with a purchase price exceeding $1,000.00 within Customer’s 
