 
90 
2025 US HILTON 
State 
Franchise Agreements 
Signed but Hotels Not 
Opened 
Projected New Franchised 
Hotels in the Next Fiscal 
Year 
Projected New Company-
Owned Hotels in the Next 
Fiscal Year 
South Carolina 
0 
0 
0 
Tennessee 
0 
0 
0 
Virginia 
2 
1 
0 
Wisconsin 
0 
0 
0 
Puerto Rico 
2 
0 
0 
Total 
11 
3 
0 
 
In these tables, all numbers are as of December 31 for each year. These tables include Hilton Brand 
hotels that were licensed by our predecessors, for which the franchise agreements have been assigned 
to us.  These tables also include 9 franchised hotels operating in the US under the Brand “Hilton Suites.” 
Any hotel that had temporarily modified or reduced operations or was temporarily closed in connection 
with the COVID-19 pandemic is not considered to have ‘closed’ or ‘ceased operations’. 
 
Exhibit A lists all Brand franchisees and the addresses and telephone numbers of all of their outlets as 
of December 31, 2024. 
 
Exhibit B lists all Brand franchisees who had an outlet terminated, cancelled or not renewed, or 
otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under the Franchise Agreement during 
2024, or who has not communicated with us within 10 weeks of the issuance date of this Disclosure 
Document. 
 
As of December 31, 2024, there were 2 eforea spas in operation at franchised hotels in the US, and 
there were 3 eforea spas in operation at Company-Managed hotels in the US. As of December 31, 
2024, there were no restaurants or bars operating under Restaurant Brand licenses from us.   
 
If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave the 
franchise system. 
 
During the last 3 fiscal years, some current and former franchisees have signed provisions restricting 
their ability to speak about their experience with us. You may wish to speak with current and former 
franchisees, but be aware that not all such franchisees will be able to communicate with you. 
 
We have not created, endorsed, or sponsored any trademark-specific franchisee organizations 
associated with the System. There are no trademark-specific franchisee organizations associated with 
the franchise system which are incorporated or otherwise organized under state law and have asked 
us to be included in our disclosure document during the next fiscal year.  
 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Attached as Exhibit C are our audited consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
the related consolidated statements of operations and member’s capital and cash flows for the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial 
statements. 
   
