 
53 
2025 US HILTON 
Eforea Spa 
If you open an eforea spa at your Hotel, you must obtain and use industry appropriate spa booking 
software to schedule customer appointments, record customer information and transaction data, take 
payments for services, create reports regarding your spa’s operations and create and customize social 
media and email marketing campaigns. You will also need to purchase certain other equipment 
including a bar code scanner, magstrips reader and receipt printer. Neither we, nor any affiliate or any 
third party has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates related to 
any such computer system. We can periodically require you to upgrade or update any of your spa 
computer systems while you are operating an eforea spa. There are no contractual limitations on the 
cost of this obligation.   
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $2,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS will have the Digital 
Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, including 
Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a map of the hotel 
and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening and is not refundable. 
Digital Key 
 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows guests 
to use their mobile phone as their room key. There is no separate charge for the Digital Key system. 
The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the hardware consists of 
electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in the construction cost 
estimates in Item 7 above. 
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of OnQ, 
including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, timekeeping and 
payroll, certain inventory systems, and spa and health club memberships (if applicable), you are able 
to contract with the supplier of your choice for both the hardware and software, subject to meeting our 
Standards on features and functionality. The only restriction would be where such hardware and 
software need to interface to OnQ.  In those instances, your choice of supplier would be restricted to 
those that have a working interface to OnQ. The hardware, software, and interfaces must be installed 
by, and fees must be paid to, the respective vendors you choose. 
 
Replacement of the OnQ Property Management System 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document we are in the early phases of converting our property 
management system within OnQ (the OnQ PMS) to a new and more-advanced system called the Hilton 
Property Management System (“HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to informally as the Property 
Engagement Platform (“PEP®”). HPMS will be a complete replacement for the OnQ PMS. It will provide 
the same basic functionality along with some new features (HPMS will not replace the guest internet 
access system). HPMS will utilize similar training and a similar HITS Agreement as the OnQ PMS. We 
anticipate that the cost of installing, operating, and updating HPMS will be lower than the cost of OnQ 
PMS. We began installing HPMS in a limited number of hotels in 2022 and we have been pursuing 
wider deployment since that time. The transition of System Hotels to HPMS may vary by market and by 
Hotel, and may occur over a period of months or years.  
 
