HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
iii) Equipment Maintenance Fees. Customer’s maintenance fees, during the term of this FBPP Agreement relative to 
the equipment maintenance on Network Authorized Equipment, will be covered by the FBPP Payment unless Customer 
has indicated in the Agreement that it has declined to use a Preferred Provider for such maintenance and such 
equipment has been designated as Non-maintained Equipment.  Customer will pay separately for all maintenance fees 
relative to the equipment maintenance on Standard Plus Equipment.  Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs 
for any on-site equipment maintenance will be billed separately to and payable by Customer. 
Customer will provide, at Customer’s cost, the license fees for any additional Certified Third Party Software for use by 
Customer’s Hotel as required by HSS. 
iv) Software Maintenance Fees. Customer’s software maintenance fees relative to six (6) Proprietary Software 
interfaces and OnQ® Core Modules (listed in this schedule) are covered by the FBPP Payment.  All other Software 
maintenance fees will be payable by Customer as provided in the HITS Agreement. Travel expenses, per diem fees 
and related costs for any on-site software maintenance will be billed separately to and payable by Customer. 
v) Miscellaneous Services. The FBPP Payment also covers fees for the following services: 
1) Site Survey Services (including standard travel costs) 
2) Training Room Set Up Services (including standard travel costs) 
3) Project Management & Contracting Services (does not include travel costs) 
4) Planning Workshop Attendance for Two Participants (does not include travel costs) 
5) Implementation Cut-Over Support Services (does not include travel costs) 
2. Customer’s Obligations. Customer will: 
(a) Pay the FBPP Payment to HSS.  The FBPP Payment will be a monthly program fee amount equal to 1.00% of the 
gross room revenue of Customer’s Hotel to which this FBPP Agreement applies.  For example, if the monthly gross 
room revenues are $100,000, the monthly program fee amount due to HSS would be $1,000 for that month.  Beginning 
with the first month after the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date (hereinafter defined) of this FBPP Agreement, the 
Customer's monthly program fee amount will be reduced to equal 0.75% of the gross room revenue of that Hotel.  The 
monthly program fee will be paid by Customer to HSS in the same manner and method as the monthly royalty fee is 
paid by Customer to HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary under Customer’s License Agreement.  However, the start date 
(“Start Date”) for commencement of payment of the monthly program fee will be the shipment date of the Network 
Authorized Equipment to Customer’s Hotel.  If the Start Date is on or before the 15th of the month, the monthly program 
fee will be invoiced for that full month.  Each month’s program fee will be invoiced the following month. 
(b) Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement, including, but not limited to, the maintenance of the Network 
Authorized Equipment (but at HSS’s cost as above described) using the designated Preferred Provider for HSS’s Fee 
Based Pricing Program.   
(c) Obtain and keep current insurance on the Network Authorized Equipment against all risks for the approximate value 
of the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(d) Pay any and all federal, state and local sales, use, gross receipts, excise or similar taxes incident to the payments 
under this FBPP Agreement.  The monthly program fee will be billed inclusive of all such taxes; however, HSS reserves 
the right to separately list and bill any or all such taxes on the monthly billing. Customer agrees to pay all personal 
property taxes associated with software licensed or sublicensed and equipment provided under this FBPP Agreement. 
(e) Prevent any liens from attaching to the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(f) Pay for any and all de-installation, transportation and disposal costs of any and all Standard Plus Equipment being 
used by Customer’s Hotel on its Network at the time of installation by HSS or HSS’s designee of the Network Authorized 
Equipment under the Refreshment Program.  The return to Customer’s lessor of all such de-installed equipment in 
accordance with Customer’s current lease terms is the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer will be solely 
responsible for any missing, bad or damaged equipment. 
(g) Preserve and protect the Network Authorized Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(h) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the Information System.   
