 
73 
2025 US HILTON 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements pertaining 
to renewal, termination, transfer, and dispute resolution. You should read these provisions in 
the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. See Exhibits D and G. 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), Spa 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
New Construction:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of 
the month 23 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as 
we may approve. 
Spa Amendment 2 
eforea spa: expires on the earlier of: (i) the termination of the 
Spa Amendment or (ii) the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §2(a) 
 
Restaurant Brand: expires on the earlier of: (i) the termination 
of the Restaurant Brand Amendment; or (ii) the expiration or 
termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination 
or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of the 
term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement, including the Spa Amendment. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to renew 
or extend 
FA – Not applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we agree, 
in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked to sign 
a contract with materially different terms and conditions from 
the original Franchise Agreement, and you must comply with 
any PIP performance conditions that we specify. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but 
if we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be 
asked to sign a new HITS Agreement with materially different 
terms and conditions from the original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise Agreement 
before expiration of the Term.  If you unilaterally terminate the 
Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a material breach of 
the Franchise Agreement, and you must pay to us, on 
demand, Liquidated Damages, or we may seek to recover 
actual damages in certain circumstances. 
Spa Amendment 9 
If you terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to 
operate the eforea spa will automatically terminate. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §9 
If you terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to use 
the designated Restaurant Brand will automatically terminate. 
