{00264795-17} 
17 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
6.2 
Initial Hotel Work.  You will perform or cause the Hotel Work to be performed in 
accordance with this Agreement, the approved Plans and Designs, [INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: the 
approved Package, the Manual, and any PIP attached to this Agreement. You will bear the entire cost of 
the Hotel Work, including the cost of the Plans and Designs, professional fees, licenses, permits, [INSERT 
FOR EY, PE, RU: Packages, equipment, furniture, furnishings and supplies. You are solely responsible for 
obtaining all necessary licenses, permits and zoning variances required for the Hotel Work, and for ensuring 
that all Hotel Work complies with the Standards, the Manual, any PIP, and all Laws.   
 
6.3 
Commencement and Completion of the Hotel Work. 
 
6.3.1 
You will commence the Hotel Work on or before the Construction Commencement 
Date or Renovation Commencement Date specified in the Addendum or any PIP. You must promptly 
provide to us evidence satisfactory to us that the Construction Work or Renovation Work has commenced. 
Once commenced, the Hotel Work will continue uninterrupted except to the extent continuation is prevented 
by events of Force Majeure. You must give written notice to us specifying the nature and duration of any 
event of Force Majeure promptly after becoming aware of the event of Force Majeure, and specifying that 
you have used, and continue to use, reasonable endeavours to mitigate the effects of such event of Force 
Majeure until such event of Force Majeure ceases to exist. 
 
6.3.2 
The Hotel Work must be completed, and the Hotel must be furnished, equipped, 
and otherwise made ready to open in accordance with the terms of this Agreement no later than the 
Construction Work Completion Date or Renovation Work Completion Date specified in the Addendum or 
any PIP, as the applicable date may be extended. 
 
6.3.3 
[SELECT FOR ND/CV AND PRE-OPENING COO]: Despite your obligation to 
commence and complete Hotel Work by the agreed deadlines, we agree that the Construction 
Commencement Date, Renovation Commencement Date, Construction Work Completion Date, or 
Renovation Work Completion Date specified in the Addendum or any PIP will be automatically extended 
by thirty (30) days on a rolling basis, unless we provide at least sixty (60) days’ notice to you that these 
automatic extensions of the applicable deadline no longer apply. You must obtain our approval for any 
further extension of the applicable deadline after receipt of our notice. We may, in our sole discretion, grant 
or deny approval, or condition our approval of your extension request on (a) your payment of our then-
current extension fee; (b) your prompt submission of a written status of the project, including such 
information as we might reasonably request; and/or (c) any other conditions we consider appropriate under 
the circumstances.] [SELECT FOR POST-OPENING COO AND RL:  You may request an extension of the 
Renovation Commencement Date, or the Renovation Work Completion Date specified in the Addendum or 
any PIP by submitting a request for our approval before the applicable deadline, describing the status of 
the project and the reason for the requested extension, and paying our then-current extension fee. We may, 
in our sole discretion, grant or deny approval, or condition our approval of your extension request on (a) 
your payment of our then-current extension fee; (b) your prompt submission of a written status of the project, 
including such information as we might reasonably request; and/or (c) any other conditions we consider 
appropriate under the circumstances.] 
 
6.4 
Opening the Hotel. 
 
6.4.1 
If the Hotel is not open under the Brand on the Effective Date, you will open the 
Hotel on the Opening Date.  You will not open the Hotel unless and until you receive our written consent to 
do so pursuant to Subsection 6.4.2 or 6.4.3. 
 
6.4.2 
You will give us at least fifteen (15) days advance notice that you have complied 
with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Hotel is ready to open. We will use reasonable 
efforts within fifteen (15) days after we receive your notice to visit the Hotel and to conduct other 
investigations as we deem necessary to determine whether to authorize the opening of the Hotel, but we 
will not be liable for delays or loss occasioned by our inability to complete our investigation and to make 
this determination within the fifteen (15) day period.  If you fail to pass our initial opening site visit, we may, 
in our sole business judgment, charge you reasonable fees associated with any additional visits.  
