 
31 
2025 US HILTON 
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees described in this Item 6 are payable to, and imposed by, us or our 
affiliates and are non-refundable. Other than the Monthly Royalty Fees, Restaurant Brands Annual Fee, 
and liquidated damages, the fees are subject to change. 
NOTES 
1. 
The Monthly Fees are calculated in accordance with the then-current Uniform System of 
Accounts for the Lodging Industry or as specified by us in the Manual. "Gross Rooms Revenue" means 
all revenues derived from the sale or rental of guest rooms (both transient and permanent) of the hotel, 
including revenue derived from the redemption of points or rewards under the loyalty programs in which 
the hotel participates, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the guest room rate includes breakfast), 
Mandatory Guest Fees, late cancellation fees, and guaranteed no-show revenue and credit 
transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less allowances for any Guest Room 
rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected directly from patrons or guests. Group 
booking rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to third-party groups for group stays must be 
included, and not deducted from, the calculation of Gross Rooms Revenue.   
“Mandatory Guest Fee” means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition to the 
base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, destination fees, 
amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest Fees do not include 
employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax-like fees and assessments that are 
levied on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a third party (such as tourism public 
improvement district fees, tourism or improvement assessments, and convention center fees). 
“Gross Food and Beverage Revenue” means all revenues (including credit transactions whether or not 
collected) derived from food and beverage-related operations of the hotel and associated facilities, and 
all banquet, reception and meeting room rentals, including all restaurants (unless leased to third party 
operators), dining, bar, lounge and retail food and beverage services, at the actual rates charged, less 
allowances for any rebates and overcharges, and will not include any sales, hotel, entertainment or 
similar taxes collected from patrons or guests. “Gross Spa Revenue” means all revenue from services 
and retail sales of products from the eforea spa, less allowances for spa rebates and overcharges, but 
does not include any sales or other taxes collected directly from spa customers or any revenues from 
food and beverage sales of the spa.  
 
If there is a fire or other insured casualty at your Hotel that results in a reduction of Gross Rooms 
Revenue, Gross Food and Beverage Revenue, or Gross Spa Revenue, the Monthly Program, Monthly 
Royalty Fees, and Monthly Food and Beverage Fees will be equal to the Monthly Program, Monthly 
Royalty and Monthly Food and Beverage Fees forecasted on the basis of the Gross Rooms Revenue, 
Gross Food and Beverage Revenue and Gross Spa Revenue amount you agree on with your insurer(s). 
However, we have the right to participate with you in negotiating the value of your Gross Rooms 
Revenue, Gross Food and Beverage Revenue and Gross Spa Revenue claim with your insurer(s).  
We can require you to transmit all payments required under the Franchise Agreement by wire transfer 
or other form of electronic funds transfer. You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other form of 
electronic funds transfer. We may reduce the amount of any payment or credit to you by any amount 
that you owe us, and this includes your and our affiliates. We occasionally reduce the Monthly Royalty 
Fee or Monthly Food and Beverage Fee for multi-unit or more experienced franchisees, for franchisees 
with whom we have previously dealt, for Conversions, or for franchisees in other unique circumstances, 
including franchisees with which we have a Management Agreement. However, we do not always do 
so and may choose not to reduce your Monthly Royalty Fee or Monthly Food and Beverage Fee, even 
if you possess some or all of these characteristics. We agreed to modify the Monthly Royalty Fee in 11 
instances during 2024. 
