 
66 
2025 US HILTON 
and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, emblems, symbols, and designs 
(whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain 
names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or used with or in connection with the System, 
and similar intellectual property rights, that we designate to be used in the System. If you open an eforea 
branded spa and sign the Spa Amendment, the Marks will include the eforea trademarks and service 
marks during the term of the Spa Amendment. If you open a restaurant or bar at your Hotel utilizing one 
of the Restaurant Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the 
applicable Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2. 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service marks, 
which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office principal register: 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON INN (word) 
788856 
April 27, 1965 
H SWIRL (logo) 
2330272 
March 14, 2000 
HILTON (word) (for hotel services) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
HILTON (word) (for hotel services) 
5897310 
October 29, 2019 
HILTON (rectangle design) 
6128086 
August 18, 2020 
EFOREA (word) 
3952726 
April 26, 2011 
EFOREA and butterfly design 
3952727 
April 26, 2011 
 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2. 
 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in connection 
with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH continues indefinitely 
so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH has certain enforcement 
rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to terminate the license agreement 
if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the license agreement. These enforcement 
rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license agreement will not affect your right to use the 
Marks licensed to you under the Franchise Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the 
Franchise Agreement (and, in the case of the eforea trademarks and the Restaurant Brands 
trademarks, as long as the Spa Amendment or the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect, 
respectively).  
 
In the future, HIH may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other affiliates in connection 
with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative purposes periodically.  If that 
occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in connection with the System in our 
franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not be disturbed. The Franchise Agreement 
does not grant you the right to use any other marks owned by our affiliates. 
 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, as 
set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. We may designate additional Marks, change 
the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time. We will not withdraw the Principal 
Mark. We may limit what Marks each Brand of hotel may use.  Your Hotel will be initially known by the 
trade name set forth in the Addendum (“Trade Name”).  We may change the Trade Name at any time, 
but we will not change the Principal Mark. You may not change the Trade Name without our specific 
written consent. 
 
