cbh.com
 
1 
Report of Independent Auditor 
 
 
To the Member 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
McLean, Virginia 
 
 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (the “Company”) which 
comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related statements of comprehensive 
income and member’s equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the 
related notes to the financial statements. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows 
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of 
America. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and 
to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. 
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion. 
 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance 
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, 
and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, 
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern within one year after the date the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and, therefore, is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, 
individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the 
financial statements. 
 
 
 
