HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
HSS may require for use by Customer’s Hotel, as determined solely by HSS, certain other OnQ® modules required by 
HSS for operation of Customer’s Hotel as a Hilton Brand division hotel. Customers will provide, at Customer’s cost, the 
license fees for any additional Certified Third Party Software for use by Customer’s Hotel and the license fees for the 
balance of the OnQ modules required by HSS. 
iii) Equipment Maintenance Fees. Customer’s maintenance fees, during the term of this FBPP Agreement relative to 
the equipment maintenance on Network Authorized Equipment, will be covered by the FBPP Payment unless Customer 
has indicated in the Agreement that it has declined to use a Preferred Provider for such maintenance and such 
equipment has been designated as Non-maintained Equipment. Customer will pay separately for all maintenance fees 
relative to the equipment maintenance on Standard Plus Equipment.  Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs 
for any on-site equipment maintenance will be billed separately to and payable by Customer. 
iv) Software Maintenance Fees. Customer’s software maintenance fees relative to six (6) Proprietary Software 
interfaces, and OnQ® Core Modules (listed in this schedule) are covered by the FBPP Payment.  All other Software 
maintenance fees will be payable by Customer as provided in the HITS Agreement. Travel expenses, per diem fees 
and related costs for any on-site software maintenance will be billed separately to and payable by Customer. 
2. Customer’s Obligations.  Customer will: 
(a) Pay the FBPP Payment to HSS. The FBPP Payment will be a monthly program fee amount equal to 0.75% of the gross room 
revenue of Customer’s Hotel to which this FBPP Agreement applies.  For example, if the monthly gross room revenues are 
$100,000, the monthly program fee amount due to HSS would be $750 for that month.  The monthly program fee will be paid by 
Customer to HSS in the same manner and method as the monthly royalty fee is paid by Customer to HDOC or its affiliate or 
subsidiary under Customer’s License Agreement.  However, the start date (“Start Date”) for the commencement of payment of 
the monthly program fee will be determined by the shipment date of the Network Authorized Equipment to Customer’s Hotel.  If 
the Start Date is on or before the 15th of the month, the monthly program fee will be invoiced for that full month.  Each month’s 
program fee will be invoiced the following month. 
(b) Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement, including but not limited to the maintenance of the Network 
Authorized Equipment (but at HSS’s cost as above described) using the designated Preferred Provider for HSS’s Fee Based 
Pricing Program. 
(c) Obtain and keep current insurance on the Network Authorized Equipment against all risks for the approximate value of the 
Network Authorized Equipment. 
(d) Pay any and all federal, state and local sales, use, gross receipts, excise or similar taxes incident to the payments under this 
FBPP Agreement.   The monthly program fee will be billed inclusive of all such taxes; however, HSS reserves the right to 
separately list and bill any or all such taxes on the monthly billing. Customer agrees to pay all personal property taxes associated 
with software licensed and equipment provided under this FBPP Agreement. 
(e) Prevent any liens from attaching to the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(f) Pay for any and all de-installation, transportation and disposal costs of any and all Standard Plus Equipment being used by 
Customer’s Hotel on its Network at the time of installation by HSS or HSS’s designee of the Network Authorized Equipment 
under the Refreshment Program.  HSS or HSS' designee, at HSS' expense, will provide for de-installation, transportation and 
disposal of any such Network Authorized Equipment then being used by Customer’s Hotel at the time of the installation of 
Network Authorized Equipment under the Refreshment Program provided, however that the return to Customer’s lessor of all 
such de-installed equipment in accordance with Customer’s current lease terms is the sole responsibility of Customer.  Customer 
will be responsible for any missing, bad or damaged equipment. 
(g) Preserve and protect the Network Authorized Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(h) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the Information System. 
(i) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(j) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to the Information System without prior specific written permission of 
HSS. 
(k) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in such manner as may be 
determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
3. Customer’s Conditions. All benefits provided Customer herein and all obligations of HSS under this FBPP Agreement are expressly 
subject to and conditioned upon the following: 
