 
57 
2025 US HILTON 
11.  
Pre-Opening Training Resources. Your Hotel is provided unlimited access to brand hospitality 
tools and resources including intro webinars and team member workshops. The current cost is $1,000. 
 
12.  
Owner Orientation. Owner orientation is required for all franchisees or management company 
representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the opening of your 
Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager must attend. If a 
Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first-time Brand franchisee, they must attend 
this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
program. 
 
13.  
New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning program for 
franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This training must be 
taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We encourage you to complete 
this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide baseline industry knowledge, best 
practices, and help build competencies in hospitality foundations including revenue management, asset 
management, sales generation, and talent management. This training is provided by a vendor we 
select. Currently, all fees are paid directly to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must 
successfully complete this training. Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
 
14.  
Eforea Spa Training. If you have an eforea spa at your Hotel, product and service training must 
be completed before your eforea Spa opens for business by the spa director (or equivalent), each 
member of your leadership team, all members of administration and all technical positions including 
estheticians, nail technicians, therapists and hairdressers. Training will focus on the various products 
and services that you will provide at your spa. Training will be conducted by personnel of the suppliers 
we specify who are providing their products and services to your spa. They will generally have a 
minimum of 6 to 10 years’ experience in the spa industry and at least 1 year’s experience with their 
respective companies. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. We may require you to attend 
an eforea spa Brand guest experience training in the future on how to deliver the eforea spa experience. 
 
15.  
Hilton Orientation and New Employee Training Program. All personnel at your Hotel must 
complete this orientation program at your Hotel within 30 days of the opening or Conversion of your 
Hotel. Any new personnel hired after opening must complete an orientation program within 30 days of 
their start date. The length of the required training will vary depending on the role or function.  
 
Your orientation program must be an interactive, multimedia program and include an overview of the 
Hilton history, Hilton’s organizational structure, Hilton Brand culture, Hilton Brand architecture as well 
as a description of your Hotel’s features, management team, employment policies and procedures, 
benefit programs, dress code, work schedules and pay programs, safety and security programs, house 
rules and regulations. All personnel must complete the training program based on the following timeline: 
Orientation within 30 days, Service Skills Training within 60 days, and Pre-Shifts are completed monthly. 
Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. These training programs are part of the Pre-Opening 
Training Resources, described above. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  For 
other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, including 
our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced eLearning programs, 
other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these materials or use other materials 
for the training programs. 
