HITS Agreement OnQ (US,CA) (Version 12.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj%  Version: %Version% 
(i) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Network Authorized Equipment.   
(j) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to the Information System without prior specific written 
permission of HSS. 
(o) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in such manner as 
may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
3. Customer’s Conditions. All benefits provided Customer herein and all obligations of HSS under this FBPP Agreement are expressly 
subject to and conditioned upon the following: 
(a) Customer is not, and continues not to be, in default of any agreement with HSS, HDOC or any of their affiliates or 
subsidiaries or any Hilton Brand division, including, but not limited to, this FBPP Agreement, the HITS Agreement and 
Customer’s License Agreement with HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary. 
(b) Customer continues to make all other payments to HSS’s Preferred Lessors, Preferred Retailers or Preferred 
Providers under any applicable agreements and does not become in default under such agreements. 
(c) Customer’s Hotel remains a Hilton brand division hotel (after conversion and rebranding if applicable). 
(d) Customer executes the HITS Agreement contemporaneously with this FBPP Agreement. 
(e) Customer’s participation and continued cooperation with HSS in HSS’s Fee Based Pricing Program, including, but 
not limited to, the refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment. 
(f) Customer allows the removal and future replacement or refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such 
time and in such manner as may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
(g) If applicable, Customer must complete the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton brand division hotel. 
4. Termination. HSS may terminate the above Equipment License on the Network Authorized Equipment and all other obligations of HSS 
under this FBPP Agreement at HSS’s option:  (a) Immediately without notice in event of breach of Customer’s obligations or conditions 
set forth in Sections 2 and 3 above, or (b) at any time, with or without cause, upon not less than ninety (90) days advance written notice 
to Customer.  Any default by Customer under this FBPP Agreement will constitute a default by Customer under the HITS Agreement, 
and, in such event, HSS may exercise any of its rights provided under the HITS Agreement.  Any default by Customer under the HITS 
Agreement will constitute a default and breach of condition by Customer under this FBPP Agreement.  Termination of the HITS Agreement 
will result in termination of this FBPP Agreement.  HSS may terminate this FBPP Agreement without terminating the HITS Agreement, 
whereupon the HITS Agreement will be construed and enforced as if this FBPP Agreement had never been entered into (subject to 
accrued rights and obligations). 
Upon termination of this FBPP Agreement, Customer will be required to assume any remaining lease payments of HSS as to the Network 
Authorized Equipment that is provided Customer pursuant to this FBPP Agreement or to purchase such equipment from HSS’s 
lessor.  The costs (which will vary depending upon the equipment involved and the timing of the termination) and the various options 
available will be sent to Customer at the time of the notification of the upcoming termination.  Upon termination of this FBPP Agreement, 
HSS will pass on to Customer, and Customer will be responsible for, all subsequent fees and costs of Equipment Maintenance and 
Software Maintenance.  If a termination occurs before the expiration of three (3) years since HSS incurred installation and/or service fees 
and costs in performing a refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment (“Refresh Costs”), then Customer will also reimburse HSS for 
the unamortized value (on a monthly basis over a thirty-six (36) month period) of such Refresh costs. 
In addition, Customer will pay to HSS a termination fee which is designed to reimburse HSS in part for unamortized costs of the software 
license fees for OnQ® Core Modules and Certified Third Party Software and for miscellaneous services provided to Customer under this 
FBPP Agreement.  If such termination occurs during the first year following the Start Date, the termination fee will be in the amount of 
$38,000.  If such termination occurs during subsequent years following such Start Date, the termination fee will be as follows:   
During second year 
$30,500 
During third year  
$22,800 
During fourth year 
$18,800 
During fifth year  
$10,200 
