 
 
 
70 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
Except as described in the following sentence, you may not conduct or permit the sale of 
timeshares, vacation ownership, fractional ownership, condominiums or like schemes at or 
adjacent to your Hotel without our written permission, you may do so only as we permit and we 
may withhold permission at our sole discretion. You may conduct timeshare or condominium sales 
or marketing at any property that you own or lease which is located adjacent to the hotel so long 
as you do not use any of the Marks in these sales efforts and you do not use the hotel or its 
facilities in these timeshare or condominium sales, marketing efforts or business operations.  
You may not share the business operations and your Hotel facilities with any other hotel, inn, 
conference center, lodging facility or similar business without our express permission, which we 
may withhold for any reason. If we permit your Hotel to share facilities with another hotel in our 
Network (which is also franchised or managed by us or any of our Affiliates), then you must sign 
the Shared Facilities Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, shown in Exhibit D to this Disclosure 
Document. You are not allowed to engage in any tenant-in-common syndication or transfer of any 
tenant-in-common interest in the hotel or the hotel site, other than a Transfer that is otherwise a 
Permitted Transfer, without our express permission, which we may withhold for any reason. If we 
permit you to share your business operation or engage in a tenant-in-common syndication or 
transfer, you must comply with any terms that we require as a condition to our approval. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer and dispute resolution. You should 
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. See 
Exhibits D and G. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) 
and HITS Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
New Construction:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 22 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the month 
10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as 
we may approve. 
Restaurant Brands 
Amendment §2(a) 
 
Restaurant Brand: expires on the earlier of: (i) the termination of 
the Restaurant Brand Amendment; or (ii) the expiration or 
termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement, and will automatically terminate on the termination 
or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement, including the Spa Amendment. 
