 
 
 
63 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
listed, and any proposed links between the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. See Item 11 for more information about our Web Site 
requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the channels 
through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a 
specified location under the licensed trademark "Motto" (“Principal Mark”). As used in the 
Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks. The Marks 
include the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, 
emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System. If you open a restaurant or bar at your Hotel utilizing one of 
the Restaurant Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the 
applicable Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2. 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 
2478190 
August 14, 2001 
MOTTO (word) 
6240094 
January 5, 2021 
HIH has also applied for registration on the principal register of the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office for the following Mark: 
Mark 
Application Number 
Application Date 
M (design) 
98889711 
December 6, 2024 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2. 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
terminate the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the 
license agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case 
of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, as long as the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect, 
respectively).  
