 
 
 
40 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change.  
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service. In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and 
specifications. All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers 
or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO program and the Delphi.fdc system. See Items 5, 6, 
and 11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided 
by an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems.   
Design Consultant 
You must use an independent third-party design consultant (“Designer”) that has been approved 
by us to design your Hotel’s interior space, materials and furnishings. You may not use a Designer 
that has not been approved. We maintain a list of several approved Designers that you may 
choose from. These Designers understand the Motto Brand ethos and standards and are familiar 
with the scope of work needed for Motto hotels. We may consider approving a Designer that you 
recommend but have no obligation to do so. The estimated cost of these services before opening 
is included in Item 7 above.   
Food and Beverage Consultant  
 
You must use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (“Food and Beverage 
Consultant”) that has been approved by us to develop your Hotel’s food and beverage concepts.  
You may not use a Food and Beverage Consultant that we have not approved. Your Food and 
Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, name and logo, menu items, 
trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and equipment, linens, lighting 
coordination with an approved Lighting Consultant, sound system coordination with an approved 
Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other elements of the operations and 
guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets. Your Food and Beverage Consultant 
must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage outlets are appropriate and meet 
our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant Brand (described above) or to hire 
Hilton for food and beverage consulting services under the StiR Creative Collective program 
(described below), this requirement will be deemed met for the applicable food and beverage 
outlets. The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. 
 
Lighting Consultant  
 
You must use an independent third-party lighting consultant (“Lighting Consultant”) to develop the 
lighting design for all public areas throughout your Hotel. You may not use a Lighting Consultant 
that we have not approved. The Lighting Consultant is responsible for creating a lighting concept 
