{00501480-2} 
4 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID  
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT 
5.1.[33][34] 
comply with the Standards and the Restaurant Brand Guidelines 
for the training of persons involved in the operation of the Restaurant Brand restaurant 
and/or bar, including completion by each member of the restaurant’s and/or bar’s staff of 
any training program for operation of the restaurant and/or bar under the System, at a site 
we designate.  You will pay us all fees and charges, if any, we require for your attendees 
to attend these training programs.  You will also be responsible for the travel, lodging, and 
other expenses your attendees incur in connection with attending these programs. You 
acknowledge and agree that when we provide training, we provide the training content that 
we deem necessary and appropriate for the business functions of the Restaurant Brand 
restaurant so that it may operate in accordance with our Standards and the Restaurant 
Brand Guidelines; and we do not direct or supervise your personnel, or have, retain, or 
exercise any control over your (or your Management Company’s) personnel or personnel 
policies or procedures in any manner.. 
7. 
Fees.  In addition to the fees set forth in the Franchise Agreement, you will pay us the following 
additional fees in connection with your Restaurant Brand license:   
(a) 
Initial Fee.  An initial fee of Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars ($35,000), due and payable on 
execution of this Restaurant Brand Amendment (“Initial Fee”) as consideration for our 
grant to you of the right to use the Restaurant Brand as specified by this Restaurant Brand 
Amendment.  The Initial Fee shall be deemed to have been earned by us at the time of 
execution of this Restaurant Brand Amendment by you and shall not be refundable. 
(b) 
Annual Fee.  An amount equal to Nine Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($9,500) (“Annual 
Fee”) is due and payable to us annually upon invoice.  The Annual Fee will be paid to us 
at the place and in the manner we designate.  For the avoidance of any doubt, this fee 
(i) will be due and we will have all rights related to this fee as set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement related to the other fees due under the Franchise Agreement, and (ii) is paid in 
addition to any other fees set forth in the Franchise Agreement.   
8. 
Lease; Competition; Transfer.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Franchise Agreement to 
the contrary, you understand and acknowledge that:  (i) you may not lease or sublease commercial 
space in your Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar, or enter into concession arrangements for 
operations in connection with your Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar; (ii) any Restricted Area 
granted by Franchisor shall not apply to Franchisee with respect to the Restaurant Brand or its 
Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar; (iii) you may not enter into a Change of Ownership 
Transfer for your Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar unless you are also transferring your 
Hotel in the same transaction; (iv) any Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel must also 
include a transfer of your Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar in the same transaction, unless 
we approve a termination of this Restaurant Brand Amendment; and (v) if you enter into a Change 
of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel, we have the right to terminate this Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and have no obligation to grant a license to your Transferee to use the Restaurant 
Brand in the operation of a restaurant and/or bar located at the Hotel Site.  Further, in any 
transaction referred to in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, the Transferee for your Hotel and the Restaurant 
Brand restaurant or bar operated as part of your Hotel must be the same entity.   
9. 
Termination.  You acknowledge and agree: (i) the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement will terminate all of your rights to use the Restaurant Brand; and (ii) this Restaurant 
Brand Amendment can be terminated for any of the grounds set forth in the termination provisions 
of the Franchise Agreement, whether or not the Franchise Agreement is also terminated, following 
which you will have no further right to use the Restaurant Brand in connection with the operation of 
a restaurant or bar at the Hotel Site.    
10. 
Your Obligations on Termination or Expiration.  In the event of a termination or expiration with 
respect to your right to use the Restaurant Brand, in addition to, and not in lieu of, any of your 
obligations that arise on termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, you will immediately:   
