{00264795-17} 
26 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
12.2.1.2.1 
Affiliate Transfer. You or any Equity Owner may 
Transfer an Equity Interest or this Agreement to an Affiliate.   
 
12.2.1.2.2 
Transfers to a Family Member or Trust. If you or any 
Equity Owner as of the Effective Date are a natural person, you and such Equity Owner may Transfer an 
Equity Interest or this Agreement to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse, children, parents, siblings) 
or to a trust for your benefit or the benefit of the Equity Owner or the Equity Owner’s immediate family 
members.   
 
12.2.1.2.3 
Transfer on Death. On the death of Franchisee or an 
Equity Owner who is a natural person, this Agreement or the Equity Interest of the deceased Equity Owner 
may Transfer in accordance with such person’s will or, if such person dies intestate, in accordance with 
laws of intestacy governing the distribution of such person’s estate, provided that: (a) the transfer on death 
is to an immediate family member or to a legal entity formed by such family member(s); and (b) within one 
(1) year after the death, such family member(s) or entity meet all of our then-current requirements for an 
approved Transferee.    
 
12.2.2 Change of Ownership Transfer. A Change of Ownership Transfer is any Transfer 
that will result in a change of Control of you, the Hotel or the Hotel Site, or is not otherwise described in 
Subsection 12.2.1. We will have sixty (60) days from our receipt of the completed and signed franchise 
application to consent or withhold our consent to any proposed Change of Ownership Transfer. Our consent 
will not be unreasonably withheld. You consent to our communication with any third party we deem 
necessary about the Hotel in order for us to evaluate the proposed Change of Ownership Transfer. Our 
consent to the Change of Ownership Transfer is subject to the following conditions, all of which must be 
satisfied at or before the date of closing the Change of Ownership Transfer (“Closing”): 
 
12.2.2.1 
Transferee submits a completed and signed Change of Ownership 
Application, pays our then-current franchise application fee, executes our then-current form of franchise 
agreement, and all required ancillary documents. If all conditions to our consent are fulfilled, the date of 
Closing will be the termination date of this Agreement, and the effective date of Transferee’s franchise 
agreement; 
 
12.2.2.2 
you are not in default of this Agreement or any other agreements with 
us or our Affiliates; 
 
12.2.2.3 
you or Transferee pay to us, on or before the date of Closing, the PIP 
Fee, and all amounts due to us and our Affiliates through the date of the Closing. We will estimate the 
amounts due to us through the date of Closing, which you and the Transferee may agree to escrow, to be 
disbursed to us at Closing to fulfill this obligation. You must agree to escrow the estimated amounts due to 
us if we agree to execute any documents pursuant to Standard Operating Procedure 50 10 5(I) (or any 
equivalent or successor) of the United States Small Business Administration in connection with a Closing. 
If our estimate of the amounts due to us exceeds the amount actually owed to us, we will refund the 
difference to you, generally within thirty (30) days after the date of Closing; 
 
12.2.2.4 
you conclude to our satisfaction, or provide adequate security for, any 
suit, action, or proceeding pending or threatened against you, us or any of our Affiliates with respect to the 
Hotel, which may result in liability on the part of us or any of our Affiliates;   
 
12.2.2.5 
you, Transferee and/or Equity Owner(s) of Transferee, submit to us all 
information related to the Transfer that we require;  
 
12.2.2.6 
Transferee meets our then-current business requirements for new 
franchisees; and 
12.2.2.7 
Transferee agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend us and our 
Affiliates against any inquiry, investigation, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or in connection with 
any fees or costs charged to patrons or guests by you. 
