 
 
 
47 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
managing similar first-class, full-service or focused service hotels, as well as other relevant 
factors. If we do not approve your proposed management, then we will require you to hire 
a professional hotel management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at 
least the first year of operations. At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate 
this requirement. 
5. 
We will provide you with the HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by HSS) before 
you open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use of OnQ, our 
proprietary computerized business system which is an integral part of the System we 
license to you (see Computer System below). The HITS Agreement also governs the 
installation and on-going support and maintenance of your Guest Internet Access service 
(HITS Agreement, Exhibit G). 
6. 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
7. 
If you open a restaurant or bar at a Hotel that uses a Restaurant Brand, before opening 
we or one of our affiliates will provide you with the Restaurant Brand menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept, and we will 
also consult with you on the design and build-out of your restaurant or bar.  (Restaurant 
Brand Amendment, Section 4).  We will also loan to you a copy of the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines or provide you with electronic access to Restaurant Brand Guidelines on the 
Hilton intranet resources library. The Restaurant Brand Guidelines are confidential and 
the property of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6).  The current Table 
of Contents of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines is attached at Exhibit H-2. 
8. 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials, and you must pay for expenses associated with training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6). Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue 
management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and 
other components we consider necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, and business 
intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes hardware, 
software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access 
System, which we may periodically change. The components of each are described below, and 
the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.    
 
 
