{00264795-17} 
8 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
“Opening Date” means the day on which we first authorize the opening of the facilities, Guest Rooms or 
services of the Hotel to the general public under the Brand. 
 
“Operational Information” means all information concerning the Monthly Fees, other revenues generated 
at the Hotel, room occupancy rates, reservation data and other financial and non-financial information we 
require. 
 
“Other Business(es)” means any business activity we or our Affiliates engage in, other than the licensing 
of the Hotel.  
 
“Other Hotels” means any hotel, inn, lodging facility, conference center or other similar business, other 
than a System Hotel or a Network Hotel. 
 
[INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: “Package” means any specific grouping or selection of furniture, furnishings, 
fixtures, equipment, amenities, services and/or other supplies that we designate, which must be acquired 
together as one package, installed and used at the Hotel.   
 
“Permitted Transfer” means any Transfer by you or your Equity Owners that does not result in a change 
of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site, as specified in Section 12.2 of this Agreement. 
 
“Person(s)” means a natural person or entity. 
 
“Personal Information” means any information that: (i) can be used (alone or when used in combination 
with other information within your control) to identify, locate or contact an individual; or (ii) pertains in any 
way to an identified or identifiable individual.  Personal Information can be in any media or format, including 
computerized or electronic records as well as paper-based files.   
 
“PIP” means property improvement plan. 
 
“PIP Fee” means the fee we charge for creating a PIP. 
 
“Plans” means your plans, layouts, specifications, and drawings for the Hotel that use and incorporate the 
Standards. 
 
“Principal Mark” is the Mark identified as the Principal Mark in the Addendum. 
 
“Privacy Laws” means any international, national, federal, provincial, state, or local law, code, rule or 
regulation that regulates the processing of Personal Information in any way, including data protection laws, 
laws regulating marketing communications and/or electronic communications, information security 
regulations and security breach notification rules.   
 
“Proprietary Information” means all information or materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, 
specifications, procedures, data, systems and knowledge of and experience in the development, operation, 
marketing and licensing of the System, including the Standards and the Manuals, whether developed by 
us, you, or a third party. 
 
“Publicly Traded Equity Interest” means any Equity Interest that is traded on any securities exchange or 
is quoted in any publication or electronic reporting service maintained by the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc., or any of its successors.   
 
“Renovation Commencement Date” means the date set out in the Addendum, if applicable, by which you 
must commence Renovation Work. 
 
“Renovation Work” means the renovation and/or construction work, as the context requires, including 
purchasing and/or leasing and installation of all [INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: Packages,] fixtures, equipment, 
furnishings, furniture, signs, computer terminals and related equipment, supplies and other items that would 
