 
 
 
7 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines.  If there is a conflict between the Manual and the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines, the Restaurant Brand Guidelines will control. If you are operating a restaurant or  bar 
under a trademark other than a Restaurant Brand, the System will not include the Restaurant 
Brand, but you still must comply with the System and our requirements related to restaurants and 
other food and beverage outlets generally, as found in the Manual. The franchisee of the 
Restaurant Brand must be the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our affiliates and predecessors have not offered 
licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
Motto hotels compete in the upper midscale market of hotels and cater to business travelers, 
families, and groups depending on the market and location. The market for your services will 
depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation. Our franchisees seek customers 
and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit business from conventions 
and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level. If you are operating a Restaurant 
Brand, you will market your products and services to patrons of the hotel and the local community. 
In general, you will compete with national hotel and motel chains and independently operated 
local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage services 
to the same clientele.  
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates  may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not, within any Restricted Area under the Brand or mark “Motto”). 
We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to guest lodging 
facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any Restricted 
Area, in any manner that we, or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of our affiliates may be 
sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself has 
established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided that 
any Restricted Area protections will be observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, 
merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised network or 
chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities regardless 
of the location of that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any Restricted 
Area, and that we may operate, franchise, or license those other facilities under any brands or 
marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There is no 
mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
Your hotel business must conform to innkeeper liability laws, laws and regulations regarding 
health and safety, food handling and preparation, menu and labeling laws, alcoholic beverage 
control laws and dram shop acts, license, certificate and permit requirements for hotel and 
restaurant operation and occupancy, laws regulating the posting of hotel room rates, hotel room 
occupancy tax laws, and laws applicable to public accommodations and services such as the 
Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”). In addition, the general business laws, rules and 
