 
 
 
5 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
Brand Offered 
Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
Waldorf Astoria 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. 
Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will 
provide you with its national and international reservation services and systems 
("Reservation Service"). Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all 
System Hotels, as well as the hotels of the franchising entities, unless prohibited by law. 
The principal business address of Reservations Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas 
Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and 
suppliers for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment 
and supplies, certain food and beverage equipment supplies, and certain hotel services. 
You may purchase these items from HSM or such third parties, but you are not obligated 
to do so except as described in this Disclosure Document. If you operate a food and 
beverage outlet under one of our Restaurant Brands, you may purchase these items for 
your food and beverage outlet from HSM or such third parties but you are not obligated to 
do so. 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and 
administers the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the 
programs of Hilton Honors Worldwide. 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and 
support services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology System 
Agreement (“HITS Agreement”). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Motto Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity to have one 
of our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at the same 
time as, or after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor 
franchisor entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of 
our affiliates is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise 
noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels which will operate in the US under 
the Motto Brand.  Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate under the Motto Brand 
outside the US under separate disclosure documents. 
We license the Motto hotel system (“System") consisting of the elements, including know-how, 
that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand. The System 
is designed to provide distinctive, high-quality lodging service at hotels licensed under the primary 
service mark “Motto.” The System currently includes the Brand and the Marks; access to the 
