{00264795-17} 
13 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
4.6 
Manual.  We will issue to you or make available in electronic form the Manual and any 
revisions and updates we may make to the Manual during the Term.  You agree to ensure that your copy 
of the Manual is, at all times, current and up to date.  If there is any dispute as to your compliance with the 
provisions of the Manual, the master copy of the Manual maintained at our principal office will control.  
 
4.7 
Equipment and Supplies.  We will make available to you for use in the Hotel various 
purchase, lease, or other arrangements for exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies, 
[INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: Packages] and furnishings, which we make available to other System Hotels.   
 
5.0 
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
5.1 
Operational and Other Requirements.  You must: 
 
5.1.1 
operate the Hotel twenty-four (24) hours a day after the Opening Date; 
 
5.1.2 
operate the Hotel using the System, in compliance with this Agreement and the 
Standards, and in such a manner to provide courteous, uniform, respectable and high quality lodging and 
other services and conveniences to the public. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) you have exclusive 
day-to-day control of the business and operation of the Hotel (including hiring your employees and the 
terms and conditions of their employment); (b) although we provide the Standards, we do not in any way 
possess or exercise day-to-day control of the business and operation of the Hotel; (c) we do not dictate nor 
control labor or employment matters for you or your employees; nor do we reserve any right or authority to 
do so; and (d) we are not responsible for the safety and security of your employees or guests;   
 
5.1.3 
comply with the Standards, including our specifications for all supplies, products 
and services.  We may require you to purchase a particular brand of product or service to maintain the 
common identity and reputation of the Brand, and you will comply with such requirements.  Unless we 
specify otherwise, you may purchase products from any authorized source of distribution; however, we 
reserve the right, in our business judgment, to enter into exclusive purchasing arrangements for particular 
products or services and to require that you purchase products or services from approved suppliers or 
distributors;   
 
5.1.4 
install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand name and 
other distinguishing characteristics in accordance with Standards we establish for System Hotels;   
 
5.1.5 
comply with our Standards for the training of personnel involved in the operation 
of the Hotel, including completion by your (or your Management Company’s) key personnel of the Hotel of 
a training program for operation of the Hotel under the System, at locations we designate. You will pay us 
all fees and charges, if any, we require for your personnel to attend these training programs. You are 
responsible for selecting the personnel to attend such training programs. You are also responsible for all 
travel, lodging and other expenses you or your employees (or your Management Company’s personnel) 
incur in connection with attending these programs. You acknowledge and agree that when we provide 
training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and appropriate for the business functions 
of the Hotel so that it may operate in accordance with our Standards; and we do not direct or supervise 
your personnel, or have, retain, or exercise any control over your (or your Management Company’s) 
personnel or personnel policies or procedures in any manner;   
 
5.1.6 
purchase and maintain property management, revenue management, in-room 
entertainment, telecommunications, high-speed internet access, and other computer and technology 
systems that we designate for the System or any portion of the System based on our assessment of the 
long-term best interests of System Hotels, considering the interest of the System as a whole;   
 
5.1.7 
advertise and promote the Hotel and related facilities and services on a local and 
regional basis in a first-class, dignified manner, using our identity and graphics Standards for all System 
Hotels, at your cost and expense.  You must submit to us for our approval samples of all advertising and 
promotional materials that we have not previously approved (including any materials in digital, electronic or 
