 
 
 
54 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
 
10. 
Owner Orientation. Owner orientation is required for all franchisees or management 
company representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the 
opening of your Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager 
must attend. If a Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first-time Brand 
franchisee, they must attend this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, 
there is no separate fee for this program. 
 
11. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership.  We 
encourage you to complete this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select.  Currently, all fees are paid directly 
to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training.  
Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
 
12. 
Motto Brand Learning Programs. This training is mandatory for all of your Hotel staff. It 
is conducted by the persons you designate to provide training periodically at your Hotel. It includes 
topics such as: New Employee Orientation and Brand personality training (to be completed within 
14 days of their start date), Service Skills (to be completed within 60 days of their start date) and 
Job Skills Certification (to be completed within 45 days of their start date). The amount of required 
training varies by job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
13. 
Problem Avoidance/Satisfaction Guarantee Training.  All Hotel staff must complete 
this training program within 30 to 60 days of their start date, depending on their role or function. 
It includes topics such as problem resolution, empowering team members, meeting guests’ 
unanticipated needs, recognizing loyal guests, and problem avoidance. Currently there is no 
separate fee for this training. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced 
eLearning programs, other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these 
materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
 
During the operation of the franchised business we will: 
