 
 
 
6 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
Reservation Service; advertising, publicity and other marketing programs and materials; training 
programs and materials; standards, specifications and policies for construction, furnishing, 
operation, appearance and service of the hotel; and other elements we refer to in the Franchise 
Agreement, in the Manual or in other communications to you, and programs for our inspecting 
your Hotel and consulting with you. We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete 
elements of the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, at a 
specified location, under the Motto Brand. When we refer to a “Motto hotel” in this Disclosure 
Document, we mean hotels licensed under the Motto Brand unless we make it clear otherwise. 
You must follow the high standards we have established as the essence of the System. You will 
be required to make future investments. 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion.   
We also offer licenses for the Restaurant Brands that may be used in the operation of one or more 
restaurant or bar facilities located at your Hotel.  We will begin offering these Restaurant Brands 
in 2024.  We will offer several different Restaurant Brands that reflect different dining concepts, 
as detailed on Exhibit J-2. Our Restaurant Brands are optional. You are not required to use any 
Restaurant Brand at your Hotel. Each Restaurant Brand features a distinctive brand name and 
trademark that conveys a specific identity, concept and theme, and the type of dining experience 
for guests, including the type of food and beverages offered, the décor, ambiance, lighting, music, 
operating supplies, and service experience. For each Restaurant Brand we will provide the brand 
name and trademark, along with a package of support materials that includes menu templates, 
design and visual identity guides, and supporting collateral for the concept. We may specify 
required menu items and the types and quality level of other menu items that you may offer.  We 
do not place any restrictions on your sources of food products or other items used in the 
restaurant, however, any sourcing restrictions that apply to restaurants and food and beverage 
outlets generally under the Standards apply to the Restaurant Brands as well.  Currently, the 
Restaurant Brands do not have any quality assurance or training requirements in addition to or 
separate from those that exist generally under the Standards, but we may develop such additional 
requirements in the future. Our Restaurant Brands are designed to provide a solution that you 
can use when your Hotel will have a restaurant or bar facility and the identity, concept and 
branding elements have not been established yet.  Accordingly, our Restaurant Brands are 
intended to fall within the cost estimates for developing a new standard prototype hotel with a 
restaurant or bar facility as outlined in this Disclosure Document (as part of either a New 
Development or a Conversion), other than the fees shown in Items 5 and 6.  
If you elect to add Restaurant Brand to your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment to Franchise Agreement (“Restaurant Brand Amendment”) attached as Exhibit D-3. 
If you sign the Restaurant Brand Amendment, the System will include the Restaurant Brand and 
all of its elements and you must comply with the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. In that case, all 
references in this Disclosure Document to the Standards or the Manual will also include the 
