 
 
 
59 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
You may not (without a legal license or other legal right) post on your Sites or disseminate in any 
form any material in which any third party has any direct or indirect ownership interest, including 
video clips, photographs, sound bites, copyrighted text, trademarks or service marks, or any other 
text or image in which any third party may claim intellectual property ownership interests. You 
must incorporate on your Sites any other information we require in the manner we consider 
necessary to protect our Marks. 
 
When your Franchise Agreement expires or terminates, you must irrevocably assign and transfer 
to us or our designee all of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and 
registrations that contain any references to our Marks, System or Brand, notify the applicable 
domain name registrars of the termination of your right to use any domain name or Sites 
associated with the Marks or the Brand, and authorize and instruct the cancellation or transfer of 
the domain name to us or our designee, as directed by us. You must also delete all references to 
our Marks or brands from any other Sites you own, maintain or operate after the expiration or 
termination of the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.5). 
 
Advance Purchase Program 
 
Hilton’s Advance Purchase Program provides guests with the ability to pay for hotel reservations 
in advance in exchange for receiving a discounted room rate.  You may but are not required to 
participate in this optional program.  Currently, we charge a fee of 4.5% of the advance payments 
received (“Advance Purchase Fee”).  Guests typically make advance payments using their credit 
or debit cards.  In 2024, we rolled out an enhancement to this program that permits guests to 
make payments with certain third-party digital payment apps and online services such as Google 
Pay and Apple Pay.  The third-party apps/payment providers may change over time.  If you 
choose to participate in the Advance Purchase Program you will be required to offer digital 
payments as an option to your guests.  You must also open a merchant account and sign a 
Licensee Merchant Agreement with a third-party vendor called Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) and a 
Refund Authorization with us.  Adyen provides electronic payment processing services for this 
program.  Currently, you do not have to pay any additional fees to us or to Adyen to enroll in the 
digital payments option and the Advance Purchase Fee will be waived.  However, Adyen may 
charge certain transaction, processing, or service fees that apply to your account.  If you wish to 
participate in the Advance Purchase Program, we will provide complete details on request. We 
may modify this program make this program or some of its components mandatory in the future.      
 
Time Frame for Opening the Hotel 
You must begin construction of a New Development Motto hotel within 15 months from the date 
we approve your Application. You must complete construction of a New Development Motto hotel, 
receive our authorization for opening and open your Hotel within 27 months from the date we 
approve your Application. 
In Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of Ownership situations, you may be required to upgrade 
the property to meet our standards. We establish a deadline by which you must begin work on a 
project-by-project basis. You must complete the requisite upgrades within the timeframe we 
establish in the PIP.  In Conversion and Re-licensing situations, we determine the commencement 
and completion deadlines according to your PIP. We determine the deadlines for beginning and 
completing work for room additions on a project-by-project basis. 
