 
 
 
68 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
Brand, irrespective of the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised by the Competitor under 
such Competing Brand. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a 
franchisee of a Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand hotel, so long as the individual 
or entity is not the exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) owns a minority interest in 
a Competing Brand, so long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its affiliates is an officer, 
director, or employee of the Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, control 
over the business decisions of the Competing Brand. A “Competing Brand” means a hotel brand 
or trade name that, in our sole business judgment, competes with the System or any Network 
Hotel.   
After a review of the financial information submitted with your Application and the proposed 
ownership of the Hotel and real property, we determine guaranty requirements. Each required 
guarantor, who may include the spouse of an owner of the Hotel or the franchisee, must sign a 
Guaranty, by which the guarantor assumes and agrees to discharge certain of the Franchisee's 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement. In addition, we may require you to provide a Guaranty 
from a third party acceptable to us as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan 
related to the Hotel or as a condition to our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals 
may obtain. Such loans may include those in which the Hotel loan will be cross-collateralized 
and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the 
direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice of default, we may also require you to 
provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering all of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
We do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom you may sell goods or services. 
In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and levels of services, 
amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection with 
the hotel. You must comply with our requirements regarding supplies, including our specifications 
for all supplies and our policies regarding suppliers from whom you purchase supplies. High 
standards are the essence of the System we license to you.  
You must operate your Hotel 24 hours a day every day, except as we may otherwise permit based 
on special circumstances. If you are operating a restaurant or bar under a Restaurant Brand, you 
must offer and sell the type and quality of food products that we specify, and operate the 
restaurant or bar for all required meal periods we may specify (breakfast, lunch, dinner, other). 
You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip the Hotel, and any restaurant or bar in the Hotel, 
in a clean, safe and orderly manner and in first-class condition under the provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement and the Standards, and in compliance with all applicable local, state, and 
federal laws, customs and regulations, including maintaining and conducting your business using 
sound business and financial practices. You must adopt, use and comply with the Standards, and 
keep your Manual current at all times. You must also provide efficient, courteous and high-quality 
service to the public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms set forth in the Addendum 
to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes in 
structure, design or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval. You may not offer 
products or services, including spa treatments, unless and until they have been approved by us. 
Minor redecoration and minor structural changes that comply with our standards and 
specifications will not be considered significant. 
