{00501480-2} 
5 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID  
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT 
(a) 
cease using the Restaurant Brand name, and any other names, marks, trade dress, 
systems, insignia, symbols, and other rights, procedures and methods licensed to you 
under this Restaurant Brand Amendment with respect to the operation of a restaurant 
and/or bar, and any confusingly similar names, marks, trade dress, systems, insignia, 
symbols, procedures and methods;  
(b) 
deliver all goods and materials containing that portion of the Marks related to the 
Restaurant Brand to us and we will have the sole and exclusive use of any items containing 
those Marks; 
(c) 
make any specified changes to the Hotel and the Hotel Site as we may reasonably require 
for the purpose of de-identifying your restaurant and/or bar, which will include removal of 
the signs, custom decorations and promotional materials related to the operation of a 
Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar;  
(d) 
cease representing yourself or the Hotel as then or formerly operating a restaurant and/or 
bar as a Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar;  
(e) 
return all copies of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines to us; and 
(f) 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to your use of the Restaurant 
Brand name in connection with the operation of a Restaurant Brand restaurant and/or bar 
at the Hotel, and irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designees) all of your right, 
title and interest in any domain name listings and registrations that contain any reference 
to the Restaurant Brand name, all to the same extent as would be required under 
Subsections [13.6.6] and [13.6.7] of the Franchise Agreement on termination of that 
agreement.   
11. 
Representations and Warranties.  Subsection [16.11.1] of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in 
its entirety and replaced with the following:   
[16.11.1] you have independently investigated the risks of operating the Hotel and a 
restaurant and/or bar under the Brand, including current and potential market conditions 
and competitive factors and risks, and have made an independent evaluation of all such 
matters and reviewed our Franchise Disclosure Document, if applicable.   
12. 
Counterparts.  This Restaurant Brand Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, and delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission, each of which will be 
deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.   
13. 
Authority.  Franchisee represents and warrants that the individual signing this Restaurant Brand 
Amendment on its behalf has the necessary authority and legal capacity to execute this instrument 
and represent Franchisee.   
14. 
Full Force and Effect.  Except as specifically amended by this Restaurant Brand Amendment, the 
terms of the Franchise Agreement will remain unmodified in full force and effect.  In the event of a 
conflict between the terms of the Franchise Agreement and the terms of this Restaurant Brand 
Amendment, the terms of this Restaurant Brand Amendment shall control.   
[no further text on this page; signature page follows] 
 
 
