 
 
 
37 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards for the hotel are compiled in 
our standards manual ("Manual") and, if you utilize a Restaurant Brand, then also in the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines. We regularly review, modify, and implement product and service 
Standards. We may periodically modify and update Standards to reflect operational requirements, 
advances in technology, improved methods of manufacture, new materials structures and decor, 
new products, improved prices and other factors. We currently issue, modify and update 
specifications in the form of updates to the Manual.  
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current 
Standards. We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, 
which we may modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our 
Fixed Renovation Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program 
that we utilize in accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any 
renovation (including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are responsible for 
the costs of complying with any such renovation (including any FRCM renovation), as well as any 
other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in compliance with the Standards. 
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at 
and for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, 
operating supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at and/or sold from the 
Hotel,  signs and graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest 
materials, together with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and 
technology platforms for property management, inventory management, revenue management, 
affiliation and distribution programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, 
customer satisfaction measurement, online check-in, digital room keys, in-room entertainment 
and conveniences, internet access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance 
services, and any and all other systems, programs, products and services used for the operation 
of the Hotel, including our specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acceptable 
product quality ratings at your Hotel and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In 
some cases, we may require you to purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, 
furniture, equipment, or service, but you may purchase it from any authorized source of 
distribution.  
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
No officer of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must purchase Hilton’s proprietary computer software from Hilton or HSS. You must 
purchase items bearing our logo, trademark or service mark from a supplier approved by us. We 
may derive profit from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and we do not record it as revenue.  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of 
