 
 
 
57 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
We may suggest room rates and pricing policies to the extent allowed by law. You will determine 
the room rates and the prices of the services and amenities that you offer to guests, except that 
we may establish maximum rates and prices for marketing and promotions if permitted by law.  
For the efficiency and consistency of our distribution programs, and to enable us to operate certain 
marketing and promotions (such as our Price Match Guarantee), we may also require that the 
rates and prices you advertise through certain distribution channels be the same as or better than 
the rates and prices you advertise through other distribution channels as permitted by law. 
 
We may occasionally convene an advisory council to consult with us on advertising policies and 
marketing programs. Currently we have no such council. If we convene a council, it may consist 
of franchisees together with representatives of our company-managed hotels and company 
employees. We may select franchisees for the council by their hotel type, geographic location, 
being in good standing and demonstrating leadership in the System, or other considerations we 
deem relevant. The council would serve only in an advisory capacity and would not have 
operational or decision-making power. We may change or dissolve any advisory council in our 
discretion.   
 
We may occasionally create marketing programs for specific promotional purposes that include 
only certain hotels. These programs may focus on a geographic location, particular types of 
hotels, or other criteria. For example, we may develop a marketing campaign that promotes hotels 
in a specific tourist destination. For these programs, we decide which hotels to include and the 
nature and method of the marketing under our general marketing policies and practices for 
System Hotels. If your Hotel is selected for such a program, your participation may be required 
but there would be no fee for participating. As described in Item 8, we may also occasionally 
develop promotional programs with other companies that feature those companies’ branded 
products or services used or offered by our System Hotels. We may require or permit your Hotel 
to participate in those promotional programs in accordance with the Standards.  
 
We may also occasionally provide marketing programs in which your participation is voluntary. 
Participating hotels normally bear their proportionate costs of participation. We have periodically 
matched or supplemented the amounts paid by participating franchisees, when, in our opinion, 
the marketing effort supports our broader (national or global) marketing objectives for the System 
or Network.  
 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (“Strategic 
Partnerships”) with third-party companies or vendors (“Strategic Partners”) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses. We currently have 
Strategic Partnerships in place with Small Luxury Hotels of the World LTD (SLH), Prospect Hotel 
Management, LLC (Autocamp.com), LWP Cypress PM LLC (Evermore Resort), and Field Station. 
We may enter into additional Strategic Partnerships in the future. See Item 12 for details.  
 
You are not required to participate in any marketing cooperative.  We may occasionally develop 
local marketing programs that operate like cooperatives in that they may consist of a group of 
franchisees that pool their resources and actively work together on local marketing efforts.  
However, these cooperatives are not legal entities and do not operate from written governing 
documents. These cooperatives need not prepare annual or periodic financial statements.  We 
may help form this type of cooperative whenever a group of franchisees wish to get together. 
Participation is voluntary. The contributions to these cooperatives vary depending on the voluntary 
contributions of members. These cooperatives may be administered by us, by franchisees, or by 
an advertising agency. If we participate in a cooperative, we can require it to be formed, changed, 
