 
 
 
56 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
for your Hotel; (b) you or your management’s successful completion of our service improvement 
process (which may include additional assessments, re-training, consulting and coaching, or other 
steps administered by us or third-party vendors we designate); and (c) payment of the applicable 
Service Quality Improvement program fees. We may waive one or more these requirements 
based on the particular circumstances at individual hotels. We plan to implement these updates 
to our Service Quality Improvement Program later this year. At that time, we might make certain 
adjustments to the program components and fees. See Item 6.  
 
Advertising 
We are not required to engage in or maintain any particular advertising program apart from our 
general obligations to periodically publish and make available to the traveling public a directory of 
all System Hotels (including your Hotel), to include your Hotel in national or regional group 
advertising of System Hotels, and to include your Hotel in international, national and regional 
market programs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). Most advertising is placed on the internet, 
as well as in traditional media (such as TV, radio, newspaper, magazine, and direct email), 
generally with national coverage. The source of our advertising is our in-house marketing 
department, advertising agencies, and other external vendors. 
 
You must advertise and promote the hotel and related facilities and services on a local and 
regional basis as we specify in the Manual, in a first-class, dignified manner, using our identity 
and graphics standards for all System Hotels, at your cost and expense. You must submit to us 
samples of all advertising and promotional materials that we have not previously approved 
(including any materials in digital, electronic, or computerized form, or in any form of media that 
exists now or is developed in the future) before you produce or distribute them. You may not begin 
using the materials until we approve them. You must immediately discontinue your use of any 
advertising or promotional material that we reasonably believe is not in the best interest of your 
Hotel or the System, even if we previously approved the materials. Any advertising or promotional 
materials, or sales or marketing concepts, you develop for your Hotel that we approve may be 
used by other hotels in the System without any compensation to you. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 5.1.7).  
 
You may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your 
Hotel with any other hotel, motel or related business without our prior written consent, except for 
System Hotels and Network Hotels. You also may not utilize a list of customers (whether acquired 
before or during the term of your franchise) without our prior approval. The term “System Hotels” 
means hotels operating under the System using the Brand name and the Standards.  The term 
“Network” means the elements, including know-how, that we or our Affiliates designate to 
distinguish the hotels, inns, conference centers, timeshare or residential properties and other 
hospitality-related businesses that Hilton Worldwide and its subsidiaries own, control, license, 
lease, operate or manage now or in the future.  The term “Network Hotel” means any hotel, inn, 
conference center, timeshare or residential property or other hospitality-related business within 
the Network. 
 
You must refer guests and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to System Hotels and 
(if and as we direct) Network Hotels. However, we can require you to participate in programs 
designed to refer prospective customers to other hotels, whether in the System or otherwise. You 
must also display all material, including brochures and promotional material we provide to System 
Hotels and Network Hotels; and allow advertising and promotion only of System Hotels and 
Network Hotels on your Hotel premises (Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 5.1.13). 
 
