 
 
 
36 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
requirements we specify in the Manual. Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of location, 
size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
15. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
16. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
17. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting an existing hotel. 
18.  
“Contingencies” means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses. Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these 
pre-conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. You should assume it 
will be at least 10% of construction costs. 
19. 
This initial fee applies only if you choose to use a Restaurant Brand for the operation of a 
restaurant or bar at your Hotel. The Restaurant Brands are designed to fall within the cost 
estimates for developing and opening a standard prototype hotel with a restaurant or bar (as part 
of either a New Development or a Conversion) as outlined in this Item 7. If you choose a 
Restaurant Brand for your Hotel, we may offer additional optional services for additional costs.  
See Item 1 for details. 
20. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs. These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.  
21.  
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
22. 
We have relied on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in the lodging business to compile 
these estimates. However, because it is a new brand, we do not yet have actual investment 
information for a Motto by Hilton hotel. We began offering the Restaurant Brands in 2024. You 
should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to 
purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in these charts are for typical New Development 
and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown. In a Conversion, your costs will depend on the 
type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, physical structure and quality of furnishing. 
Because there are so many variables involving any particular existing hotel, we are unable to 
provide an estimate of costs. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
 
