Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
             Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter 
Page 5 
{004028-999987 M0027976.DOC; 1} 
(c) 
agrees that this letter agreement will remain in full force and effect in favor of 
Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, extended, 
supplemented, or restated.  
 
(d) 
agrees that this letter agreement was provided to Lender at Franchisee’s 
request. 
 
(e) 
fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold 
harmless Franchisor, its predecessors, successors and assigns and each of their respective former and 
present officers, employees, directors, shareholders, partners, members, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, 
alter egos, representatives, agents, and attorneys (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all 
Claims, demands, liens, actions, agreements, suits, causes of action, obligations, controversies, debts, 
costs, attorney’s fees, expenses, damages, judgments, orders, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in 
law, equity, or otherwise, whether now known or suspected which have existed, may or do exist 
(“Released Claims”), based on any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of this 
letter agreement which arise out of, concern, pertain, or relate in any way to the Franchise Agreement [IF 
APPLICABLE: or the Existing Comfort Letter]. Franchisee acknowledges that it may hereafter discover 
Claims presently unknown or unsuspected, or facts in addition to or different from those which it now 
knows or believes to be true, with respect to the matters released by this letter agreement.  Nevertheless, 
Franchisee fully and finally settles and releases all such matters, and all Claims relative thereto, which do 
now exist, may exist or have existed between the Released Parties and Franchisee. 
 
6. 
Lender Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating to the 
Loan: 
 
(a) 
Lender hereby certifies to Franchisor that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person. 
“Sanctioned Person” means any person, entity, or Government, including those with Control over such 
persons or entities, or acting on behalf of such persons or entity, who is subject to Trade Restrictions that 
prohibit or restrict the Parties’ performance of the Parties’ obligations under this Agreement.  “Trade 
Restrictions” means trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti-terrorism, non-
proliferation, anti-money laundering and similar restrictions in force pursuant to laws, rules and 
regulations imposed under Laws to which the Parties are subject. 
 
(b) 
Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that Lender is not 
a Competitor of Franchisor. 
 
(c) 
Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that [IF LENDER 
IS A BANK] Lender does not own any Equity Interest in Franchisee [IF LENDER IS NOT A BANK] neither 
Lender nor any of its officers or directors own any Equity Interest in Franchisee.   
 
(d) 
Lender hereby agrees that this letter agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect in favor of Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, 
extended, supplemented or restated without the need for further action by Lender or Franchisor. 
 
 
(e) 
[IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING COMFORT LETTER:] Lender hereby 
certifies to Franchisor that no Claim, or condition that could with the passage of time, giving notice or 
otherwise become a Claim by Lender, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the 
Existing Comfort Letter; agrees that the Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force 
and effect; and agrees that Franchisor has no obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter. 
 
(f) 
[IF FOR A LOAN ORIGINATED AT AN EARLIER DATE: Lender hereby 
represents and warrants as of the date of its signature below that Lender has not issued a notice of 
