 
 
 
45 
2025 US MOTTO  
 
We may, in our sole discretion, offer incentives for new hotels (“Incentives”).  An Incentive is a 
financial contribution that we make to assist with the development or conversion of your Hotel.  To 
receive an Incentive, you and your principals must sign a development incentive note (“Note”) in 
the form attached as Exhibit D-2 when you sign the Franchise Agreement. An Incentive does not 
have to be repaid, unless the franchise terminates before the end of the Term or a transfer occurs 
as described below. The Incentive will be disbursed to you within 30 days after the Hotel opens 
with our consent, as long as: (a) there have been no material adverse changes in the business, 
legal, litigation, bankruptcy status or finances of you, any guarantors, or the project since we 
granted approval; (b) you have completed any required PIP; and (c) you have paid the Franchise 
Application Fee.    
An Incentive is not a loan, it is a contingent liability. If your franchise terminates before the end of 
the Term you must pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive. If you transfer your 
Hotel you must also pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive, unless we permit 
the transferee to assume your obligations under the Note. In that case we may require the 
transferee to provide us with such additional security as we deem appropriate. The repayable 
amount of the Incentive decreases over time. For each year that the Hotel is open, the repayable 
amount is reduced by an equal annual percentage of the Term. For example, if the franchise has 
a 10 year Term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/10th of the original amount annually. If the 
franchise has a 20 year term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/20th of the original amount 
annually. An Incentive bears no interest. However, if an Incentive becomes repayable and 
payment is not made in full when due, the outstanding amount is subject to interest at 1.5% per 
month or the highest rate allowed by law. We may reduce the amount of the Incentive that we 
disburse to you by any amount that you or your affiliates owe to us or our affiliates, and this will 
not affect the calculation of the amount repayable to us. We may grant renewals, extensions, 
modifications, compositions, compromises, releases or discharges of other parties without notice 
to any guarantor or co-maker. You may not use any portion of the Incentive to make, offer, or 
authorize any Improper Payment or engage in any act violating any Anti-Corruption Law. If we 
reasonably believe that you have used the Incentive in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, you 
must cooperate with our reasonable requests for information and permit us to inspect all books 
and records pertaining to your Hotel.  
We generally do not offer any other financing or guarantee any note, lease, or other obligations.  
However, in unique or rare circumstances we may choose to offer other types of financing such 
as, for example, a mezzanine loan or a guaranty of your note, lease, or other obligations.  In that 
event, the arrangements we offer would be based on the unique circumstances and financial 
situation of your Hotel. As a result, we cannot determine in advance the key terms such as, for 
example, the amount, term, repayment obligations, interest, fees, costs, penalties, security 
interests, default provisions, and other conditions or requirements.  We also cannot determine in 
advance the type of documentation that would be required such as, for example, notes, 
guarantees, security agreements, mortgages, deeds, assignments, equity pledges, credit letters, 
intercreditor agreements, or other instruments. We do not have sample forms of these types of 
documents. These documents and each of their terms would be agreed at the time of origination. 
ITEM 11 
LICENSOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
We may provide any of these services through our employees and representatives, through our 
affiliates or through any third-party provider we designate.  
