{00264795-17} 
18 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
6.4.3 
We shall be entitled to withhold our consent to the opening of the Hotel until:  
 
6.4.3.1 
your architect, general contractor or other certified professional 
provides us with a certificate stating that the as-built premises comply with all Laws relating to 
accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those with disabilities; 
 
6.4.3.2 
you have complied with all the terms and conditions in this Agreement; 
 
6.4.3.3 
your staff has received adequate training and instruction in the manner 
we require;  
 
6.4.3.4 
you have received authorization to open the Hotel from the relevant 
governmental authority for the jurisdiction in which the Hotel is located, if applicable; and  
 
6.4.3.5 
all fees and charges you owe to us or our Affiliates have been paid. 
 
6.4.4 
Opening the Hotel before the Opening Date is a material breach of this Agreement. 
 
6.4.4.1 
You will pay us Liquidated Damages in the amount of Five Thousand 
Dollars ($5,000) per day if you open the Hotel before the Opening Date to compensate us for the damage 
caused by such breach. You must also reimburse us for all of our costs and expenses, including legal fees, 
incurred in enforcing our rights under this Agreement.   
 
6.4.4.2 
These Liquidated Damages for damage to our Marks shall not limit or 
exclude any other remedies we may have at law or in equity. You acknowledge and agree that the 
Liquidated Damages payable under this Subsection represent a reasonable estimate of the minimum just 
and fair compensation for the damages we will suffer as the result of the opening of the Hotel before the 
Opening Date in material breach of this Agreement. 
 
6.5 
Performance of Agreement.  You must satisfy all of the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, and equip, supply, and otherwise make the Hotel ready to open under our Standards. As a 
result of your efforts to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you will incur significant 
expense and expend substantial time and effort. You acknowledge and agree that we will have no liability 
or obligation to you for any losses, obligations, liabilities or expenses you incur if we do not authorize the 
Hotel to open or if we terminate this Agreement because you have not complied with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 
 
6.6 
Hotel Refurbishment and Room Addition. 
 
6.6.1 
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade the 
Hotel’s [INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: Package, fixtures, equipment, furnishings, finishes, furniture, signs, 
computer hardware and software and related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then-current 
Standards. You will make these changes at your sole cost and expense and in the time frame we require.   
 
6.6.2 
You may not make any significant changes (including major changes in structure, 
design or décor) in the Hotel. [INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: As long as they do not change or affect Package 
requirements, [m/M]inor redecoration and minor structural changes that comply with our Standards will not 
be considered significant. 
 
6.6.3 
You may not make any change in the number of approved Guest Rooms in the 
Addendum without our prior consent. If you wish to add additional Guest Rooms to the Hotel after the 
Opening Date, you must submit an application to obtain our consent, pay our then-current Room Addition 
Fee, and execute an amendment to this Agreement in the form required by us. As a condition to our granting 
approval of your application, we may require you to modernize, rehabilitate or upgrade the Hotel in 
