franchisee, licensee or dealer of FRANCHISOR, or FRANCHISOR's affiliates, use any
Mark, any colorable imitation thereolor other indicia of a ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANT in any manner or for any purpose or utilize for any purpose any trade
name, trade or service mark or other commercial symbol that suggests or indicates a
connection or association with FRANCHISOR, or FRANCHISOR's affiliates;
I L The lessor or sublessor ofthe Premises shall have consented to the
assignment or sublease ofthe Premises to the transferee or the transferee must have
secured substitute premises for the RESTAURANT approved by FRANCHISOR;
12. FRANCHISEE and/or transferee shall make reasonable capital expenditures
to remodel, modemize and redecorate the franchised premises so that the franchised
premises will reflect the current image intended to be portrayed by ROCKY ROCOCO
facilities. All remodeling, modernization, redecoration of the franchised premises must
be done in accordance with the standards and specifications prescribed by
FRANCHISOR and all replacements must oonform to FRANCHISOR's then-current
quality standards and specifications and must be approved by FRANCHISOR in writing;
13. FRANCHISEE must give FRANCHISOR ninety (90) days written notice
prior to any sale or assignment by FRANCHISEE. The purpose of this paragraph is to
enable FRANCHISOR to comply with any applicable state or federal franchise disclosure
laws. FRANCHISEE agrees to indemnify and hold FRANCHISOR harmless for
FRANCHISEE's failure to comply with this Paragraph;
14. Iftransferee is a corporation
b. No new shares of common or preferred voting stock in a transferee
corporation shall be issued to any person, partnership, trust, foundation, or
corporation without obtaining FRANCHISOR's prior written consent;
15. Transferee and all owners, officers and directors oftransferee shall execute
such guarantees and other documents as may be required by FRANCHISOR; and
16. FRANCHISEE provides FRANCHISOR with a complete copy of the closing
documents at least three (3) days prior to closing.
WIRococol:r1lnchiscAgrecnrcnt-2025
Pagc 55
a. Each stock ce(ificate olthe transteree corporation shall have
conspicuously endorsed upon it a statement that it is held subject to. and if further
assignment or transfer thereof is subject to, all restrictions imposed upon
assignments by this Agreement; and
