travel agent
Additional Funds (3
mos.) (9)
$ 10.000
$ 20,000
As incuned
Before opening to
first 3 months
Contingency
may be paid
to various
vendors
Insurance ( 10)
$ s,000
As incurred
Before opening
Vendor
TOTAI-
$21 1,000-
$705,500
NOTES:
1. See ltem 5 for additional information about the initial lianchise fee
2. Equipment and fixtures include, but are not limited to, computer systems, phones, ovens,
dishes, and cooking utensils.
3. ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS may be located in enclosed malls with seating,
enclosed mall food courts with common seating, strip-center malls, store front locations, and
free-standing buildings. When you lease your premises, you may have to pay for leasehold
improvements, including, but not limited to, plumbing, electrical, HVAC, walls, and counters to
the premises. The cost of leasehold improvements varies depending upon the size ofthe
premises. location, material cost, labor cost. amount ofthe leasehold improvements provided by
landlord and other economic factors. The cost for free-standing buildings is substantially higher
than those projected and is not available fiom RFC. An enclosed mall location will require
approximately 900 square feet ofspace, a strip center mall will require approximately 2,800
square feet of space, and a free-standing building will require approximately 3,800 square feet of
space.
4. You will need an initial supply of ingredients and supplies in your opening inventory. The
estimated cost should cover approximately 2-3 weeks of operation. All supplies and inventory
must meet RFC's specifications. (See Item 8).
5. The estimate includes deposits, if required, to Landlord or utility companies which may be
refundable to you at a later time. At the discretion ofthe Landlord, or utility company, a security
deposit may not be required.
6. Promotion cost estimate may vary due to the type of mediayou choose to use. Costs vary by
location as well. Public relations event costs will also vary by type of even! and location.
Page 12
WlRococoDisclosureDocument-2025
