The words "ROCKY ROCOCO PAN-STYLE PIZZA", has been registered by ROCKy
ROCOCO CORPORATION in the State of Wisconsin in 1974.
The above listed trademark registrations have been renewed as required
Other than the above, there are no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit the rights
of RFC to use or license the use of trademarks listed in this Disclosure Document in a manner
material to the franchise other than licensed to RFC's future company-owned stores.
You shall promptly noti$, RFC ofany use by any person or legal entity other than RFC, or
another ROCKY ROCOCO franchisee, of any marks licensed or any colorable variation, or any
other mark in u,hich RFC has or clain,s a proprietary interest. You shall also promptly notif
RFC ofany litigation instituted by any person or legal entity against you involving the Marks.
RFC will protect you against any claims of infringement or unfair competition brought against
you and arising out of the use of RFC's trade names, or logos, and to delend you in any legal
action arising therefrom provided you have promptly notified RFC in writing ofthe facts ofsuch
claim or challenge, and provided you have used such trade names or logos in strict accordance
with the provisions ofthe Franchise Agreement and the provisions of all rules, regulations,
directives. and procedures provided by RFC.
RFC alone has the right to control or settle any such legal actions or proceedings. RFC, may
prosecute or defend any other actions or proceeding necessary or desirable for the protection of
RFC's trade names, logos, or future service marks and you agree not to contest RFC's right, title,
or interest in such names, marks and logos. If it becomes advisable at any time in the discretion
of RFC to modiff or discontinue use ofany mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute
trademarks or servicemarks, you agree to comply with RFC's directions to modift or otherwise
discontinue the use ofsuch mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute trademarks or
servicemarks within a reasonable time after notice by RFC. RFC's sole obligation shall be to
reimburse you for your reasonable outof-pocket costs ofchanging signage. RFC shall not be
w lRococoDiscbsurcDocument-2025
Pa8c 32
natural zone of expansion lor future ROCKY Rococo RESTAURANTS, provided such others
do so in good laith and without actual knowledge of the RocKy RoCOC0RESTAURANTS.
lfothers do establish in such territories, RFC may be restricted in its ability to expand into such
territories.
There is presently no effective material determinations of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office,
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, and the Trademark Administrator olthis State or any Court;
or any pending infringement, opposition or cancellation; proceedings; or any pending material
litigation involving the principal trademarks. There is no pending material Federal or State
Court litigation regarding RFC's use or ownership rights in any trademark.
