The Local Ad Fund contribution is payable together with, and for the same period, as the royalty
and service fee.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, RFC has not commenced collection of the Local Ad
Fund.
During any week in which you do not participate in a Local Ad Fund, an amount designatcd by
RFC shall be expended by you for local adverlising and promotion ofthe RESTAURANT, based
upon the following formula:
a. RESTAURANTS with no electronic media shall expend 1 112%o of weekly
gross sales;
b. RESTAURANTS with radio media shall expend 2 | l2%o of weekly gross sales;
ancl
c. RESTAURANTS with television media shall expend 3 1/27o of weekly gross
sales
You shall make such advertising expenditures within 90 days of the close of a weekly period.
RFC may increase the maximum amount you are required to expend for local advertising and
promotion, provided, that such increase is approved by the owners ofnot less than 60% of the
RESTAURANTS which are participating in the Local Ad Fund.
Note 4. Transfer Fee and Renewal Fee. Ifyou assign your franchise, you shall pay RFC a non-
refundable fee equal to 50% of the then current initial franchise fee charged by RFC, upon
approving the assignment, to cover RFC's expenses, inoluding costs for credit checks and
attomeys'fees as well as training expenses for members ofthe new Franchisee (assignee), with
such training being the same training as that offered at that time to new Franchisees, or, ifnew
franchises are not being offered, such training as RFC believes the new Franchisee (assignee),
should have in order to carry on the business in the same quality of manner as required by the
Franchise Agreement.
Note 5. Additional Training/On-Site Assistance. RFC may require you or any person or persons
employed by you in a managerial or other responsible capacity to attend additional periodic
mandatory training programs subsequent to the opening of the RESTAURANT. The cost of
transportation, meals and lodging, as a direct result thereof, will be borne by you. Ifyou desire
RFC to train additional persons, you will be responsible fbr transportation, meals, lodging, and a
reasonable charge for RFC's representative(s).
WI Rococol)rsclosureDocument-2025
I'llgc 8
