Under no circumstances shall indemnities be required or obligated to seek money from
third parties or otherwise mitigate their losses in order to maintain a claim against
FRANCHISEE. FRANCHISEE agrees that the failure to pursue such recovery or mitigate losses
will in no way reduce the amounts recoverable by indemnities from FRANCHISEE.
FRANCHISEE acknowledges and agrees that FRANCHISOR would be unable to protect
Confidential Information against unauthorized use or disclosure and would be unable to
encourage a free exchange of ideas and information among ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS if franchised owners of ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS were permitted
to hold interests in or perform services for a Competitive Business. The term "Competitive
Business" as used in this Agreement shall mean any business operating or granting franchises or
licenses to others to operate a restaurant or carry-out, delivery or other business serving or selling
pizza or other products or services substantially similar to those offered by a ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANT. Notwithstanding the foregoing, FRANCHISEE shall not be prohibited from
owning securities in a company if such securities are listed on a stock exchange or traded on the
over-the-counter market and represent Five percent (5%) or tess of that class ofsecurities.
FRANCHISEE therefore agrees that, during the term ofthis Agreement, or any extension
thereol, neither FRANCHISEE, any of FRANCHISEE's shareholders, members, or partners, nor
any member of his or their immediate families shall:
I . Have any direct or indirect interest, as a disclosed or beneficial owner, in a
Competitive Business, except ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS operated under
franchise agreements with FRANCHISOR;
2. Communicate or divulge to any other persons, partnership, limited liability
company, or corporation, except as such of its employees, agents, or contractors, as must
know for purposes of operating the RESTAURANT, any information or knowledge
concerning the suppliers or methods of sales or distribution used in the RESTAURANT,
nor shall FRANCHISEE disclose or divulge, in whole or in part, any trade secrets,
proprietary information or private processes of FRANCHISOR;
3. Perform services as a director, o1ficer, manager, employee, consultant,
representative, agent or otherwise for a Competitive Business, except ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS operated under franchise agreements with FRANCHISOR;
wlRococoFranchiseAgreement-2025
Pagc 39
harmless and indemni! indemnities for all losses and expenses which may arise out ofany acts,
errors or omissions of these third parties.
XIV. (]oVENANTS
A. EXCLUSIVE RELATIONSHIP
