expensesrr (as defined below) incurred in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, claim,
demand, investigation or inquiry (formal or informal), or any settlement thereof (whether or not a
formal proceeding or action has been instituted) which arises out ofor is based upon any ofthe
following:
1 . FRANCHISEE's infringement, alleged infringement, or any other violation or
alleged violation ofany patent, mark or copyright or any other proprietary right owned or
controlled by third parties;
2. FRANCHISEE's violation, breach or asserted violation or breach olany
contract, federal, state or local law, regulation, ruling, standard or directive or ofany
industry standard;
3. Libel, slander or any other form of defamation, by FRANCHISEE;
4. FRANCHISEE's violation or breach of any wananty, representation,
agreement or obligation in this Agreement;
5. Acts, errors or omissions of FRANCHISEE or any of FRANCHISEE's agents,
servants, employees, contractors, partners, affiliates or representatives;
6. FRANCHISEE's dealings with prospective, existing or former franchiseesl
7. Latent or other defects in the franchised business. whether or not discoverable
by FRANCHISOR or FRANCHISEE;
8. The inaccuracy, lack of authenticity or non-disclosure ofany information by
any customer of the RESTAURANT or visitor to or guest of the RESTAURANT;
9. Any service provided by FRANCHISEE at, from or related to the operation of
the RESTAURANT;
10. Any action by any customer olthe RESTAURANT or visitor to the
RESTAURANT; oT
I 1. Any damage to the property of FRANCHISEE, or FRANCHISOR, their
agents or employees, or any third person, firm or corporation, whether or not such losses,
claims, costs, expenses, damages, or liabilities were actually or allegedly caused in parl
through the active or passive negligence of FRANCHISOR or any of FRANCHISOR's
agents or employees, or resulted tiom any strict liability imposed on FRANCHISOR or
any of FRANCHISOR's agents or employees.
WlRococoFranchiseAgreement-2025
l'agc 37
