marketing programs, including, without limitation, conducting market research, preparing
advertising and marketing materials, developing and maintaining websites, and collecting and
accounting for contributions to the Fund. FRANCHISOR may spend in any fiscal year an
amount greater or less than the aggregate contribution of all ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS to the Fund in that year, and the Fund may borrow from FRANCHISOR or
other lenders to cover deficits of the Fund or cause the Fund to invest any surplus for future use
by the Fund. It is anticipated, and it is the intent of FRANCHISOR that all contributions to the
Fund shall be expended for adverlising and promotional purposes during the FRANCHISOR's
fiscal year within which year contributions are made. Funds not expended in the fiscal year
contributed may be applied and used for Fund expenses in the following year, or at the discretion
of FRANCHISOR, distributed to FRANCHISOR,S franchisees, FRANCHISOR, and
FRANCHISOR'S affiliates, in proporlion to the respective contributions to the Fund during the
preceding twelve (12) month period. All interest eamed on monies contributed to the Fund will
be used to pay advertising costs incurred by the Fund before other assets ofthe Fund are
expended. A statement of monies collected and costs incurred by the Fund shall be prepared
annually by FRANCHISOR and shall be fumished to FRANCHISEE upon written request.
FRANCHISOR will have the right to cause the Fund to be incorporated or operated through an
entity separate from FRANCHISOR at such time as FRANCHISOR deems appropriate, and such
successor entity shall have all rights and duties of FRANCHISOR pursuant to this Paragraph.
Except as expressly provided in this Paragraph, FRANCHISOR assumes no direct or indirect
liability or obligation to FRANCHISEE with respect to the maintenance, direction or
administration of the Fund. FRANCHISEE agrees and acknowledges that the Fund is intended
to maximize the general public recognition and acceptance ofthe Marks for the benefit of the
System and that FRANCHISOR, and FRANCHISOR's designee, make no representation and
underlake no obligation in administering the Fund to make the expenditures for FRANCHISEE
which are equivalent or proportionate to FRANCHISEE's contribution, or to insure that any
particular FRANCHISEE benefits directly or pro rata from the Fund. FRANCHISEE further
acknowledges and agrees that the failure ofany other franchisee to make the appropriate amount
of contributions to the Fund shall not in any way release FRANCHISEE from, or reduce,
FRANCHISEE's obligations under this Paragraph VLA., such obligations being separate and
independent obligations of FRANCHISEE under this Agreement.
Although FRANCHISOR intends the Fund to be of perpetual duration, FRANCHISOR
reserves the right to suspend contributions to and operations ofthe Fund for one or more periods,
and the right to terminate the Fund, upon thifiy (30) days'prior written notice to FRANCHISEE.
All unspent monies on the date of termination shall be distributed to FRANCHISOR's
franchisees and FRANCHISOR, and FRANCHISOR's alfiliates, in proportion to their respective
contributions to the Fund during the preceding twelve (12) month period. FRANCHISOR shall
have the right to reinstate the Fund upon the same terms and conditions set forth herein upon
thirty (30) days' prior written notice to FRANCHISEE.
WIRococoFranchiseAgreemenF2025
Page 16
