7. The estimate includes payroll for time spent by your employees to train the franchise location.
Estimate should cover 1 week oftraining new employees so that they are proficient enough at the
production process to open for business. Your employees should not incur any expenses for
meals, lodging, or travel to complete training.
9. This is an estimate only ofthe range of initial stafi-up expenses you may incur. 'Ihe actual
amount ofadditional funds you will need depends on a variety of factors, including the size of
your Territory, the time of year when you start your business, your own management skill,
economic conditions, competition in your area, and other factors. The estimate is for a period of
3 months and is based upon the experience of affiliates of RFC.
10. This is an estimate only of the insurance you may require to maintain. It is a business
owner's policy which coves liability, property damage, Ioss of income, and loss ofproperty. The
insurance expense is an annual expense.
The estimate ofadditional funds is based on an owner-operated business and does not include
any salaries or benefits for employees or any allowance for an owner's draw. The estimate is for
a period of 3 months. RFC estimates that, in general a franchisee can expect to put additional
cash into the business during at least the first 3 to 9 months, and sometimes longer, but RFC
cannot estimate or promise when, or whether, you will achieve positive cash flow or profits.
Payments to RFC are non-refundable. Whether payments to others are refundable depends on
arrangements you make with them. RFC, or an affiliate olRFC, does not oifer direct or indirect
financing of the initial investment.
Rt,STRIC]IONS ON SOTJRCES OF'PRODIJCTS NND SI]RVICES
In order to maintain a uniform image to the public and to maximize quantity discounts, RFC
shall have the right to designate a soft drink supplier and require you to use the designated brand.
Neither RFC, or its affiliates, are approved suppliers of the designated brand of soft drink and no
member of RFC owns an interest in the soft drink supplier. RFC will negotiate with a national
brand to provide soft drinks to the restaurant with the goal to provide the greatest amount of
service at a competitive price to you. RFC may change the soft drink supplier in the event the
quality, service or pricing ofthe national brand is less favorable than with other national brands.
WIRococol)isclosurel)ocument-2025
Pagc 13
8. The estimate includes attomey's fees and local govemment perrnits.
Item 8
