'fhe foregoing notwithstanding, to the extent that the provisions of this Franchise
Agreement provide fbr periods ofnotice less than those required by applicable law, or provide
for termination, cancellation, nonrenewal or the like other than in accordance with applicable
law, such provision shall, to the extent such are not in accordance with applicable law, not be
effective, and FRANCHISOR shatl comply with applicable law in connection with each of these
matters.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall bar FRANCHISOR's right to obtain (l)
injunctive reliefagainst threatened conduct that will cause FRANCHISOR irreparable loss or
damages under customary equity rules, including applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders
and preliminary injunctions; or (2) in any dispute regarding possession ofthe Premises, the
remedy offorcible detainer against FRANCHISEE for any breach of a sublease for the Premises
under customary rules goveming such actions. FRANCHISEE agrees that FRANCHISOR may
have such injunctive relief without bond, but upon dus notice, in addition to such other reliefas
may be available at equity or law, and FRANCHISEE's sole remedy in the event of the entry of
such injunctive relief shall be the dissolution of such injunctive relief, if wananted, upon hearing
duly had (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance olany such injunction being
expressly waived hereby).
A. Except as specifically otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that
any and all disputes between them, and any claim by either party that cannot be amicably settled,
shall be determined solely and exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the United States
Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Sections I et seq.) if applicable, and the rules of the American
Arbitration Association at its office nearest the home office of FRANCHISOR.
B. Each pa(y shall select one (1) arbitrator, and the two (2) so designated shall select a
third arbitrator. Ifeither party shall fail to designate an arbitrator within seven (7) days after
arbitration is requested, or if the two (2) arbitrators shall fail to select a third arbitrator within
fourteen (14) days after arbitration is requested, then an arbitrator shall be selected by the
American Arbitration Association upon application oi either party. Arbitration proceedings shall
be conducted in accordance with the rules then prevailing ofthe American Arbitration
Association. Judgment upon an award of the majority ofthe arbitrators shall be binding, and
shall be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Page 67
WIRococol:ratlchiseAgreemcnl-2025
XXVIII. INJUNCI'IVtr RELIEF
XXIX. ARBITRATION
