Continuins resnonsibilitv to pav fees . You may have to pay royalties and other fees even ilyou
are losing money
Business model can chanse. The lranchise agreement may allow the franchisor to changc its
manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may require you to make
additional investments in your franchise business or may harm your lranchise business.
Supplier rcstrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a limited
group ofsuppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive than similar
items you could buy on your own.
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a similar
business during the term ofthe franchise. There are usually other restrictions. Some examples
may include controlling your location, your access to customers, what you sell, how you market,
and your hours of operation.
Competition from franchisor. Ilven if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory.
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even ilit does, you may have
to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to continue to operate your
franchise business.
When your franchlse ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a similar
business after your franchise ends even ifyou still have obligations to your landlord or other
creditors.
Some States Require Registration
Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors to register
before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that the state
recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To find out ifyour
state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the agency inlormation in
Exhibit ST.
Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be made to
your ftanchise agreement. Ifso, you should check the State Specific Addenda. See the'l'able of
Contents for the location ofthe State Specific Addenda.
W IRococoDisclosurel)oc$nrent-2025
What You Need to Know About Franchising Generally
