ofthese covenants consistent with this interpretation shall be enforceable as though contained
herein and shall not affect any other provisions or terms of this Agreement. If all or any portion
ofa covenant in this Paragraph XIV. is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency
having valid jurisdiction in any unappealed final decision to which FRANCHISOR is a party,
FRANCHISEE expressly agrees to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms
of such covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant
were separately stated in and made a part of this Paragraph.
D. SCOPEOFCOVENANT
For purposes ofconstruing the covenants contained in this Paragraph XIV.,
"FRANCHISEE" shall be deemed to include not only the individuals or entity which is defined
as FRANCHISEE in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement, but if FRANCHISEE is an
individual, shall also include his spouse, his children, his grandchildren, or his parents; if
FRANCHISEE is a joint venture, limited liability company, or partnership, the foregoing
restrictions shatl apply to each partner, member, or venturer who, individually or collectively,
through himself, his spouse, his children, his grandchildren. or his parents, owns a five percent
(5%) or greater interest in such joint venture, limited liability company, or partnership; or if
FRANCHISEE is a corporation, the loregoing restrictions shatl apply to officers, directors, and
to each shareholder, who individuatly or collectively, through himself, his spouse, his children,
his grandchildren, or his parents, owns a five percent (5%) or greater interest in the outstanding
capital stock olsuch corporation. By their signatures hereto, all partners, members,
shareholders, officers and directors ofthe entity which signed this Agreement as FRANCHISEE
acknowledges and accepts the duties and obligations imposed upon each and every one of them,
individually, by the terms of this Paragraph. FRANCHISOR shall have the right to require all of
FRANCHISEE's personnel to execute similar covenants in a form satisfactory to
FRANCHISOR. The covenants set foth in this Paragraph XIV., shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement. FRANCHISEE acknowledges that the covenant nol to compete set
forth in this Paragraph XIV., is fair and reasonable, and will not impose any undue hardship on
FRANCHISEE, since FRANCHISEE has other considerable skills, experience and education
which afford FRANCHISEE the oppo(unity to derive income from other endeavors.
E. REDUCTION OF SCOPE OF- COVENANT
FRANCHISEE understands and acknowledges that FRANCHISOR shall have the right,
in FRANCHISOR's sole discretion, to reduce the scope ofany covenant set forth in Paragraph
XIV. of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, without FRANCHISEE's consent, effective
immediately upon receipt by FRANCHISEE of written notice thereof, and FRANCHISEE agrees
that FRANCHISEE shall comply forthwith with any covenant as so modified, which shall be
fully enforceable notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement.
WIRococoliranchiseAgr€enrcnt-202 5
I'agc 4 I
