Rococo Franchise Corporation
Notes To Financial Statements
December 30, 2024, Oecembet 25, 2023 and Decembet 26, 2022
't.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Nature of business - Rococo Franchise Corporation (the Company or RFC) is a regional franchisor of quick service
pizza and pasta restaurants. The restaurants are operated under the trade name Rocky Rococo Pizza and Pasia and
are currently located in Wisconsin and Minnesota. The Company was founded on June 13, 1995. As of the date
these financial statements were available to be issued, there are 31 restaurants operating under the trade name
"Rocky Rococo Pizza and Pasta" (see Note 3 for additional location information). These restaurants are operated in
accordance with a system established by the Company. ln addition, the Company assists with location selection for
new restaurants, designs and supervises the construction of new restaurants and coordinates advertising campaigns
for the franchisees. Restaurant revenues consist of both dine-in and carryout services. Future revenues are
dependent on the health of the Wisconsin and Minnesota food service industry, which is generally tied to consumer
demographics and spending habits.
Fiscal year - The Company's fiscal year end covers the 52-53 week period ending on the last Monday in December.
Accounting estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Subsequent events - The financial statements include management's evaluation of the events and transactions
occurring subsequent to December 30, 2024 through March 6, 2025, which is the date the financial statements were
available to be issued.
Cash and cash equivalents - The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in Federal Deposit
lnsurance Corporation (FDIC) insured banks. The FDIC provides limited insurance on cash and cash equivalents
deposits. At times, the Company's cash and cash equivalents may exceed the FDIC insurance limit; however, the
Company does not expect to experience any losses on its cash and cash equivalents deposits.
Receivables - Financial instruments, including franchisee and other receivables, are measured at the net amount
expected to be collected through an allowance for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The
measurement of expected credit losses is based on a broad range of reasonable and supportable information,
including economic outlooks.
The Company extends unsecured credit to its franchisees in the ordinary course of business but mitigates the
associated credit risk by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts. Receivables from
franchisees for royalty and advertising fees are due by the end ofthe following week to which the activity relates. The
Company does not charge finance charges on receivables past due. The Company determines its allowance for
doubtful accounts by considering a number of factors, including the current aging of receivables, the Company's
previous loss history and consideration of economic outlooks. Franchisee receivables are written off when
determined uncollectible and are recognized as a reduction to the allowance for doubtful accounts. There were no
provisions charged io the allowance and no write-offs during the fiscal years ended December 30,2024, December
25, 2023, and December 26 , 2022. Management has determined no allowance for doubtful accounts was needed as
of December 30, 2024, D ecembet 25, 2023, and D ecember 26, 2022.
Other receivables - The Company sells gift cards online and at restaurants. Funds collected from gift card sales and
funds reimbursed upon the utilization of gift cards are processed through a third-party processor.
Property and equipment - Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-
line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from flve to seven years.
6
