You shall contribute not more than 3 ll2Yo of yotr gross sales to the Local Ad Fund for the
purpose of promoting RocKY Rococo RESTAURANTS in the market area based upon the
following formula:
a. RES'fAURANTS with no electronic media shall contribute | | l2Yo of weekly
gross sales;
b. RESTAURANTS with radio media shall contribute 2 1/2% of weekly gross
sales; and
c. RESTAURANTS with television media shall contribute 3 1/2%o of weekly
gross sales.
RFC may increase the maximum amount you are required to contribute to the Local Ad Fund,
provided, that such increase is approved by the owners ofnot less than 60% ofthe
RESTAURANTS which are participating in the Local Ad Fund.
The Local Ad Fund contribution is payable together with, and for the same period, as the royalty
and service fee.
The Local Ad Fund may be used to pay various costs ofpreparing, adopting and producing
video, audio and written advertising materials, interest on borrowed funds, sponsorship of
sporting, charitable or other similar events, reasonable salaries and expenses ofemployees of
RFC, or RFC's affiliates, working for or on behalf ofthe Local Ad Fund or on advertising,
marketing, public relations materials, programs, or activities or promotions for the benefit of the
Local Ad Fund and administrative costs and overhead ofRFC, or RFC's affiliates, incurred in
activities reasonably related to administering or activities of the Local Ad Fund. You shall agree
to participate in all adve(ising, promotional events, and public relations programs instituted by
the Local Ad Fund.
RFC assumes no direct or indirect Iiability or obligation to you with respect the maintenance,
direction or administration ofthe Local Ad Fund. You agree and acknowledge that the Local Ad
Fund is intended to maximize the general public recognition and acceptance ofthe Marks for the
benefit ofthe system in that RFC, and RFC's designee, make no representation and undeftake no
obligation in administering the Local Ad Fund to make the expenditures for you, which are
equivalent or proportionate to your contribution, or to insure that any particular lranchisee
benefits directly or prorata from the Local Ad Fund.
The Local Ad Fund shall be accounted for separately from RFC's other funds, but shall not be
required to be segregated, and shall not be used to defray any of RFC's general operating
expenses, except for such reasonable salaries, administrative costs and overhead as RFC may
incur in activities related to administration of the Local Ad Fund and its marketing programs,
WlRococoDisclosureDocuDrcn!2025
Page 2l
