obligated to reimburse you for any loss of goodwill associated with any modified or discontinued
mark or for any expenditures made by you to promote a modified or substitute trademark or
servicemark.
Iteni l4
I'A'I'IJNTS. COPYRI GHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
RFC does not own any rights in or to any patents which are material to the franchise. RFC
presently has proprietary rights in numerous items such as advertising designs and the like
relating to the operation of its ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS, which are suitable for
copyright protection. RFC reserves any and all rights which it has in and to such items.
Under the Franchise Agreement, RFC will loan to you one copy of the Operations Manual,
which may consist of one or more manuals and other written materials. RFC has not llled an
application for registration of its copyright in the Operations Manual, but claims a copyright and
treats the information in the Operations Manual as confidential trade secrets. You must promptly
tell RFC when you leam about unauthorized use of this proprietary information.
There are no intiinging uses actually known to RFC that could materially affect you.
It is RFC's belief and recommendation, but not requirement, that you (if a sole proprietorship) or
designated partner (if Franchisee is a partnership) or designated member (if Franchisee is a
limited liability company) or a designated officer (if Franchisee is a corporation), should devote
lull time and attsndance as well as your best efforts to the performance ofthe supervisory duties.
The Franchised Business shall at all times be under the direct, on premises supervision ofa
manager, or assistant manager, who need not have an equity interest in the business, who shall
devote full time, energy and best ef'forls to the management operation of the business lioensed
hereunder and to maintain any and all applicable state, local or other registrations or licenses.
wlRococoDisclosurcDocImenF2025
Pagc ll
There are no infringing uses actually known to RFC that could materially affect your use ofthe
trade names, logo types, or other commercial symbols in this state or in other states in which the
Franchised Business is to be located or is localed.
Item l 5
OBLIGATIONS TO PARTICIPATE IN TI.IE
ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS
