FRANCHISEE shall carry property insurance to keep the Premises and its contents insured
against loss or damage by fire and such other risks covered in the Standard Extended Coverage
Endorsement in an amount not less than One hundred percent (100%) ofthe full replacement
cost of such assets.
All liability insurance policies shall name FRANCHISOR as an additional insured,
contain a waiver of the insurance company's right of subrogation against FRANCHISOR and
provide that FRANCHISOR will receive thirty (30) days'prior written notice of the termination,
expiration or cancellation of any such policy.
FRANCHISOR may reasonably increase the minimum liability protection requirement
annually and require at any time on reasonable prior notice to FRANCHISEE different or
additional kinds of insuranca to reflect inflation, changes in standards of liability, higher damage
awards in public, product, motor vehicle or dram shop liability litigation or other relevant
changes in circumstances.
A certificate of insurance shall be submitted by FRANCHISEE for FRANCHISOR
approval within thirty (30) days ofthe signing of this Agreement, but in no event later than three
(3) weeks before the date on which the lranchise first opens for business. FRANCHISEE shall
submit to FRANCHISOR annually a copy of the certificate or other material evidencing the
renewal or extension ol each insurance policy. If FRANCHISEE at any time fails or refuses to
maintain in effect any insurance coverage FRANCHISOR requires or to furnish satisfactory
evidence thereof, FRANCHISOR may at FRANCHISOR's option and in addition to any of
FRANCHISOR's rights and remedies obtain such insurance coverage on FRANCHISEE's
behalf. FRANCHISEE shall promptly execute any applications or other forms or instruments
required to obtain any such insurance and pay FRANCHISOR on demand any costs and
premiums FRANCHISOR incurs.
FRANCHISEE's obligation to obtain and maintain the insurance described herein shall
not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which FRANCHISOR maintains, nor shall
FRANCHISEE's performance of such obligations relieve FRANCHISEE of any obligations
under Paragraph XIII. of this Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall be construed or
considered an undertaking or representation by FRANCHISOR that such insurance required to
be obtained by FRANCHISEE, or by FRANCHISOR for FRANCHISEE, will insure
FRANCHISEE against any and all insurable risk ofloss which may or can arise out ofor in
connection with the operation of the RESTAURANT.
No vending machines, newspaper raoks, jukeboxes, gum or candy machines, games,
pinball machines, video games, rides or other mechanical devices (except for pay telephones)
wlRococoFranchiseAgreement-2025
I'agc 33
J. VENDING MACHINES
