Note 1. Royalty. You will pay to RI-C a weekly royalty and service fee in the amount of 5% of
the RESTAURANT's gross sales, payable on or before the Friday following the end of the
preceding week. Each week shall end at the close of business on Monday.
In the event the RESTAURANT does not achieve sales volume ofat least Four hundred twenty
five thousand Dollars ($425,000.00) in a fiscal year, which consists ofthirteen ( l3), four (4)
week periods during a calendar year, or Four hundred thirty three thousand one hundred seventy
three Dollars ($433,173.00) during a fifty-three (53) week fiscal year, which consists of twelve
(i2), four (4) week periods and one (1), five (5) week period during a calendar year, the weekly
Royalty and Service Fee for that RESTAURANT shall be retroactively reduced for that fiscal
year to Three and one-half percent (3 112%). RFC shall refund the excess to you within thirty
(30) days of the end of the fiscal year. In order to receive a refund, you must be current on all
Royalty and Service Fees due RFC, and any other accounts payable due RFC, or one of RFC's
affiliates.
The term "gross sales" means the aggregate amount of all sales offood, beverages, goods.
articles and any other merchandise or services made and rendered in conjunction with the
RESTAURANT, including sales made at or away lrom the RESTAURANT, whether for cash or
credit, but excluding all federal, state or municipal sales or service taxes paid by you.
Note 2. Marketing Fund. You shall pay weekly into a marketing fund, (the "Fund"), with RFC,
an advertising fee designated by RFC, not to exceed .7 5oh of the RESTAURANT'S gross sales.
Note 3. Advertising/Promotion/Local Advertising. You shall contribute not more lhan 3 1l2o/o
ofyour gross sales to a local advertising fund (the "Local Ad Fund") comprised ofROCKY
ROCOCO RESTAURANTS located in the same market area for the purpose of promoting
ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS in the market area based upon the following formula:
a. RESTAURANTS with no electronic media shall contribute 1 1/2% of weekly
gross sales;
b. RESTAURANTS with radio media shall contribute 2 1/2% of weekly gross
sales; and
c. RESTAURANTS with television media shall contribute 3 1/2ok of weekly
gross sales.
RFC may increase the maximum amount you are required to contribute to the Local Ad Fund,
provided, that such increase is approved by the owners ofnot less than 60% ofthe
RESTAURANTS which are participating in the Local Ad Fund.
wlRococoDisclosureDocument-2025
P^ge l
