Neither RFC, or its affiliates, will derive revenue or other material consideration as a result of
your requirement to use the designated soft drink supplier. Neither RFC, or its affiliates, derive
revenue or other material consideration lor any purchases made by you.
With the exception ofthe designated soft drink supplier, RFC imposes no obligations on you to
purchase or lease from RFC, from RFC's affiliates or from RFC's designees, any goods,
services, supplies. fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and software, real estate or
comparable items relating to establishing or operating the franchised business. Neither RFC, nor
an affiliate ofRFC, are an approved supplier, or the only approved supplier, ofan
product/service. One hundred percent (100%) of the above items may be purchased from a
supplier of your choosing. RFC attempts to negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers,
including price terms, for the benefit of all franchisees, bu1 derives no revenue or other material
consideration as a result ofsuch negotiations.
The reputation and goodwill of ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS is based upon and can
only be maintained by the sale ofdistinctive high-quality products and services. You shall do
the following:
(a) use ingredients that confoml to RFC's recipes in the preparation offood products and
beverages;
(b) prepare and oller for sale food products and beverages; and
(c) use plates, cups, utensils, uniforms, menus, forms, packaging, materials, labels and
other supplies
You agree to maintain, at all times, an inventory offood products, beverages, ingredients and
other products sulficient in quantity and variety to realize the RESTAURANT'S full potential.
RFC may conduct market research and testing to determine consumer trends and the salability of
new food products and services. You agree to cooperate by participating in RFC's market
research programs, test marketing new food products and services in the RESTAURANT. and
providing RFC with timely reports and other relevant information regarding such market
research. You shall purchase a reasonable quantity ofand make a reasonable offer to sell test
marketed products.
RFC desires to maintain high standards in quality and service at all ROCKY ROCOCO
RES'IAURANTS. To this end, you agree to cooperate with RFC in maintaining such high
standards in the RESTAURANT to comply with all mandatory specifications, standards and
operating procedures relating to the appearance or operation of a ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANT, including:
WlRococoDisclosurelhcument-2025
Pagc 14
that conform to RFC's specifications and quality standards.
