YrAKAS
cpas+advisors
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
To the Board of Directors
Rococo Franchise Corporation
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying llnancial statements of Rococo Franchise Corporation (the Company),
which comprise the balance sheets as of December 30, 2024, Decembet 25,2023, and Oecember 26, 2022,
and the related statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for the years then ended and
the related notes to the financial statements.
ln our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the tinancial
position of the Company as of December 30,2024, December 25,2023, and December 26,2022 and lhe
results of its operataons and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America (Gp\,qS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors'
Responsibilities for the Audits of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be
independent of the Company and to meet our olher ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant
ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial slatements in
accordance with GAAP, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of intemal control relevant to
the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or enor.
ln preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or
events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern within one year after the date that the llnancial statements are available to be issued.
AuditoIs' Responsibilities for the Audits of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are lo obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstalement, whether due to fraud or enor, and to issue an auditors'report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always delect a material
misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the ovenide of intemal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a
substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a
reasonable user based on the financial statements.
262.797.O4OO I 
vrakascpas.com
