FRANCHISEE agrees to give FRANCHISOR notice, within three (3) days of
FRANCHISEE receiving notice, ofany such action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or
investigation. At the expense and risk of FRANCHISEE, FRANCHISOR may elect to assume,
but under no circumstances is obligated to undertake, the defense and/or settlement ofany such
action, suit, proceeding, claims, demand, inquiry or investigation. Such an undertaking by
FRANCHISOR shall, in no manner or form, diminish FRANCHISEE's obligation to indemnifu
FRANCHISOR and to hold FITANCHISOR harmless. FRANCHISEE agrees to respond to all
claims within the time required by law, rule or regulation. FRANCHISEE shall cooperate with
FRANCHISOR (or its designee) in every fashion possible to defend FRANCHISOR and
FRANCHISEE against any and all claims made by employees, customers or third parties.
FRANCHISEE shall, when necessary, make appearances at administrative or other hearings to
present or reinforce such defenses.
In order to protect persons or property, or FRANCHISOR's reputation or goodwill, or
reputation or goodwill of others, FRANCHISOR may, at any time and without notice, as
FRANCHISOR, in FRANCHISOR's judgment deems appropriate, order, consent or agree to
settlements or take such other remedial or corrective action as it deems expedient with respect to
the action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or investigation il in FRANCHISOR's sole
judgment, there are reasonable grounds to believe that:
l. Any ofthe acts or circumstances enumerated in Paragraph XIII. have occurred;
or
2. Any act, error, or omission of FRANCFIISEE may result directly or indirectly
in damage, injury or harm to any person or any property.
All losses and expenses incurred under this Paragraph XIII. shall be chargeable to and
paid by FRANCHISEE pursuant to FRANCHISEE's obligations of indemnity under this
Paragraph XIII., regardless ofany actions, activity or defense undertaken by FRANCHISOR or
the subsequent success or failure of such actions, activity or defense.
Indemnities do not assume any liability whatsoever for acts, errors, or omissions ofthose
with whom FRANCHISEE may contract, regardless of the purpose. FRANCHISEE shall hold
WlRococoljranchiscASrecmen1.2025
I'age 38
As used in this Paragraph XIIL, the phrase "losses and expenses" shall include, without
limitation, all losses, compensatory, exemplary or punitive damages, fines, charges, costs,
expenses, lost profits, attomeys fees, court costs, settlement amounts, judgments, compensation
for damages to the FRANCHISOR's reputation and goodwill, costs of or resulting lrom delays,
financing, costs ofadvertising material and media time/space, and costs ofchanging, substituting
or replacing the same, and any and all expenses ofrecall, refunds, compensation, public notices
and other such amounts incurred in connection with the matters described.
