The Initial Franchise Fee is $25,000.00, payable $12,500.00 upon the execution ofthe Franchise
Deposit Agreement and the balance of $12,500.00 payable upon the execution of the Franchise
Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee for the second restaurant is $17,500.00, payable
$10,000.00 upon the execution olthe Franchise Deposit Agreement and the balance of$7,500.00
payable upon the execution of the Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Agreement is signed by
you at the time an acceptable site is lound and approved by RFC and you.
The Initial Franchise Fee payments are non-refundable. Each franchisee will pay an identical
initial franchise fee.
RFC may adjust the Initial Franchise Fee in the future subject to prior approval by applicable
governmental state agencies regulating lranchises or business opportunities.
The Franchise Deposit Agreement is utilized when you wish to purchase a franchise, but a site
has not been found and approved by RFC and you. If you have executed the Franchise Deposit
Agreement, you shall pay to RFC the sum of $12,500.00 upon the execution ofthe Franchise
Deposit Agreement for the first Restaurant, and the sum of $10,000.00 upon the execution ofthe
Franchise Deposit Agreement for the second Restaurant. The entire deposit shall be credited to
the paymenl ofthe Initial Franchise Fee with the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee payable
when you sign the Franchise Agreement. If no acceptable site is for.rnd and approved by RFC
and you within 180 days from the date ofthe Franchise Deposit Agreement, then both RFC and
you shall have the right, upon written notice to the other party, to terminate the Franchise
Deposit Agreement and the deposit shall be refunded to you, except that if RFC terminates the
Franchise Deposit Agreement because you made a material misrepresentation or omission in
your application; are convicted by a trial court ofor plead no contest to a felony, or to any other
crime or offense that is likely to affect adversely the goodwill associated with the Marks, or
engage in any conduct which may adversely affect the reputation of a ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANT or the goodwill associated with the Marks; or make an unauthorized use or
disclosure ofany confidential information, then RFC shall retain the entire deposit.
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE I-EFT BLANK INTI]NTIONALLY
WlRococoDisclosurcDocumenl-2025
Page j
Item 5
INITIAL FEES
