TERRITORY
The franchise is for a specific location which shall be approved by RFC. During the term ofthe
franchise, RFC will not, so long as the Franchise Agreement is in force and effect, and you are
not in default under any ofthe terms of the Franchise Agreement, franchise or operate any other
ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANT within a radius of I mile olthe Franchised Business, except
that a ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANT located within a major regional shopping mall shall
not be granted a I mile radius protection, nor shall a ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANT
located in a major regional shopping mall which is within a Franchisee's I mile radius protection
be a violation ofsuch protection, and if in the sole and exclusive judgment ofRFC, the
Franchised Business is located within a central business district, the I mile radius protection
shall not apply. A major regional shopping mall is defined as a regional shopping mall
consisting of a minimum of 500,000 square feet of space, including a minimum of 2 departmenl
stores as anchor tenants. The continuation ol your territory is not dependent upon you achieving
a certain sales volume, market penetration, or any other contingency and your territory may not
be altered, except with the written consent of both you and RFC. RFC retains the right:
(a) to operate and grant to others the right to operate ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS in such locations, that do not infringe upon your territory, and on such
terms and conditions as RFC deems appropriate; and
(b) to sell the products and services authorized for ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS
under the Marks, or under other trademarks and service marks through similar or
dissimilar channels of distribution and on such terms and conditions as RFC deems
appropriate.
There are no restrictions on other franchisees from soliciting customers inside your territory, or
on you from soliciting customers outside ofyour territory. Neither RFC, nor an affiliate, has
reserved the right to make sales within your territory or to make sales within your territory of
wlRococoDisclosurcDocurntnl-2025
Page l0
RFC also may ofl'er additional or refresher training courses. Some ofthese courses may be
mandatory, and some may be optional. These courses may be conducted at RFC's heaJquarters
or at any other locations selected by RFC. You must attend (or cause your Manager or other
employees to attend) and satisfactorily complete all mandatory training programs including basic
and advanced training, refresher courses, meetings and seminars, as RFC may require. Ifyou or
any ofyour employees are unable to complete a required program satisfactorily, you may
designate a substitute trainee acceptable to RFC.
Itcm 1 2
