Note 6. Interest. RFC reserves the right to assess interest at a rate up to the maximum rate
allowed by law in any payments due RFC which are not timely paid by you from the date
payment is due until paid in full. In the absence of a maximum interest rate permitted by law, the
rate shall be I I l2Yo per month.
Note 7. Indemnification. Under the Franchise Agreement, you are obligated to indemnify and
hold RFC harmless with respect to all losses and expenses ofany action, suit, proceeding. claim,
demand, investigation or inquiry, or any settlement thereofarising as follows:
a. Your infringement, alleged inlringement, or any olher violation or alleged
violation of any patent, mark or copyright or any other proprietary right owned or
controlled by third parties;
b. Your violation, breach or asserted violation or breach ofany contract, federal,
state or local law, regulation, ruling, standard or directive or ofany industry standard;
c. Libel, slander or any other form of defamation, by you;
d. Your violation or breach ofany warranty, representation, agreement or
obligation in this Agreement;
e. Acts, errors or omissions olyou or any ofyour agents, servants, employees.
contractors. paftners. affi Iiates or representativest
f. Your dealings with prospective, existing or former franchisees,
g. Latent or other defects in the RESTAURANT, whether or not discoverable by
RFC or you;
h. The inaccuracy, lack of authenticity or non-disclosure ofany infbrmation by
any customer of the RESTAURANT or visitor to or guest olthe RESTAURANT;
i. Any service provided by you at, from or related to the operation ofthe
RESTAURANT;
j. Any action by any customer of the RESTAURANT or visitor or visitors to the
RESTAURANTI or
k. Any damage to the property ofyou or RFC, their agents or employees. or any
third person, firm, or corporation, whether or not such losses, claims, costs, expenses,
damages, or liabilities were actually or allegedly caused in part through the active or
WlRococoDisclosurel)ocumen.2025
P1l8c 9
