( l0) helping you improve and develop the Franchised Business.
Such guidance shall be fumished in the form oIRFC's Operations Manual, bulletins, or other
written materials, telephonic consultations and/or consultations at RFC's offices or at your
Location in connection with an inspection ofthe Franchised Business. (Franchise Agreement
Paragraph V.D.)
4. Advertising Programs for Franchise System. You shall pay a marketing fund fee, designated
by RFC, in the amount of .75% ofthe gross sales ofthe Franchised Business, payable weekly
into a marketing fund (the "Fund"). The Fund shall be used for the creation and development of
such advertising, marketing, media placement and public relations programs, research, websites
and relative activities that RFC deems necessary and./or appropriate to advertise or promote
ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS. RFC may use print, radio, TV or other media. It is the
intent ofRFC to use a regional adve(ising agency; however, RFC reserves the right to create an
in-house advertising department. RFC is not required to spend any amount on advertising in the
area where your franchise is located; however, RFC will attempt to apportion advertising on an
equitable basis. The advertising fees are payable together with and for the same period, as the
royalty and service fee due under the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise Agreement - Paragraph
vI.A.)
The Fund may be used to pay various costs and expenses, including preparing and producing
video, audio and written advertising materials; development and management of a web site;
inlerest on borrowed funds; sponsorship of sporting, charitable or similar events; reasonable
salaries and expenses of employees ofRFC, or RFC's affiliates, working for or on behalfofthe
Fund; or on advertising, marketing, public relation materials, programs or activities or
promotions for the benefit of the Fund; and administrative costs and overhead ofRFC, or RFC's
affiliates, incurred in activities originally intended for the administration and activities ofthe
Fund. The Fund shall furnish you with reasonable quantities of marketing, advertising and
promotional formats and materials at the same cost, terms and conditions that such materials are
furnished to other franchised ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS. RFC witl develop and
maintain a website serving both RFC and you. You shall not create a website separate from the
website created by RFC.
RFC may spend in any fiscal year, an amount greater or less than the aggregate contribution ol
all ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS to the Fund in that year. The Fund may borron'from
RFC, or other lenders, to cover deficits ofthe Fund or cause the F'und to invest in a surplus in
future use by the Fund. It is anticipated and it is the intent ofRFC that all contributions to the
Fund shall be expended for advertising and promotional purposes during RFC's hscal year within
which year contributions are made. Funds not expended in the fiscal year contributed may be
applied and used for Fund expenses in the following year, or at the discretion ofRFC, returned to
RFC's iranchisees, RFC, and RFC's affiliates, in proportion to the respective contributions to the
Fund in the previous twelve ( I 2) month period.
wlRococoDisclosurcDocument-2025
l'agc l9
