For purposes of FRANCHISEE's local advertising and promotion requirements,
advertising expenditures shall include amounts individually expended for adverlising media such
as television, radio, newspaper, billboards, magazines, posters, direct mail, sports program
booklet advertising, collateral promotional and novelty items (e.g., matchbooks, pens, pencils,
bumper stickers), advertising on public vehicles, such as cabs and busses, and, ifnot provided by
FRANCHISOR, the cost ofproducing approved materials necessary to participate in these
media, including advertising agency commissions related to the production ofsuch advertising.
Advertising expenditures shall not include payments for items which FRANCHISOR, in
FRANCHISOR's reasonable judgment, deems inappropriate for the advertising requirements,
including, without limitation, payments for permanent on-premises signs and menu boards,
lighting, menus, vehicles, even though such vehicles may display the Marks (cost ofproduction,
decals or sign painting on vehicles will qualift), and contributions, sponsorships, premiums or
similar offers, such as discounts, price reductions, lree offers, sweepstakes, employee incentive
programs and other similar payments.
Prior to their use by FRANCHISEE, samples of all local advertising and promotional
materials not prepared or previously approved by FRANCHISOR shall be submitted to
FRANCHISOR for FRANCHISOR's approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld. If
FRANCHISEE does not receive written disapproval within fifteen ( 15) days after
FRANCHISOR's receipt of such materials, FRANCHISOR shall be deemed to have not given
the required approval. FRANCHISEE shall not use any advertising or promotional materials that
FRANCHISOR has disapproved. FRANCHISOR, in FRANCHISOR's sole discretion, may
disapprove on a prospective basis material that FRANCHISOR had previously approved.
In the event FRANCHISEE as part of FRANCHISEE's advertising program provides
coupons to prospective purchasers, such coupons shall be unit specific only and shall be
redeemed only at FRANCHISEE's location.
FRANCHISEE shall not adveftise or use in advertising or any other form of promotion,
the Marks of FRANCHISOR without appropriate lrcrr or 'rR copyright and registration marks or
the notation "rMu as to unregistered marks.
FRANCHISOR shall have the right to conduct market research in FRANCHISEE's
designated area.
In order to protect the reputation and goodwill associated with the mark, "ROCKY
ROCOCO" and to maintain the uniform standards of operation thereunder, FRANCHISEE shall
conduct FRANCHISEE's ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS in strict accordance with
wlRococoFranchiseAgreement-2025
Page 2l
VII. CONFIDENTIALOPERATIONSMANUAL
