THE FRANCHISOR. AND ANY PARENTS , PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
To simplifu the language in this Disclosure Document, "RFC" means Rococo Franchise
Corporation, the franchisor. "You" means the person who buys the franchise. Ifyou are a
corporation, partnership or other entity, "you" includes the owners of such entities.
The Franchisor. Its Predecessors and Its Affiliales. RFC is a Wisconsin corporation,
incorporated on June 13, 1995, for the purpose ofestablishing a franchise system specializing in
pizza and pasla and oflering and serving other food and beverage items. RFC is not a subsidiary
ofany company and has no affiliates that offers franchises in any line ofbusiness, or provides
products or services to franchisees of RFC. RFC does business under the name, "ROCKY
ROCOCO PIZZA AND PASTA". RFC has offered franchises since 1995.
RFC's principal business address is 105 East Wisconsin Avenue, Oconomowoc, Wisconsin
53066. RFC's agent for service of process in the State of Wisconsin is the Commissioner of
Securities, 101 East Wilson Street, P. O. Box 1768, Madison, Wisconsin 53701-1768.
You can operate a ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANT under the name and mark "ROCKY
ROCOCO" and other Proprietary Marks as designated by RIC. You must operate in accordance
wlRococoDisclosureDocumen1-2025
Pagc I
Item I
The Franchisor's Business. RFC offers and sells franchises for ROCKY ROCOCO PIZZA AND
PASTA. Rocky Rococo Corporation, a Wisconsin corporation, is a predecessor and an affiliate
ofRFC. Rocky Rococo Corporation ollered franchises ofa similar concept from 1982 to
December, 1987. Rocky Rococo Corporation owns the rights to the trade name and mark
"ROCKY ROCOCO" and other related marks (all referred to as "the Proprietary Marks").
Rocky Rococo Corporation has granted RFC the rights to use and sublicense the Proprietary
Marks under Franchise Agreements in connection with an Intellectual Property License
Agreement. RFC is not engaged in any other business.
The Rockv Rococo Franchise. Under the Franchise Agreement (the "Franchise Agreemenl"),
which is Exhibit FA to this Disclosure Document, RFC ofiers qualified purchasers the right to
operate, from a single location (the "Location") in a specified Territory (the "Territory") a
restaurant (the "Restaurant") utilizing the Proprietary Marks specializingtn pizza and pasta and
offering and serving other food and beverage items (the "Franchised Business"). RFC has
developed distinguishing characteristics of which include marketing and advertising methods and
techniques, operating procedures and materials, training and supervision, management
assistance, administrative systems, business and reporting forms, staffing procedures, and
product and equipment speci lications.
