All captions in the Agreement are intended solely for the convenience ofthe parties, and
none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction ofany provision hereof.
All references herein to the masculine, neuter or singular shall be construed to include the
masculine, feminine, neuler or plural, where applicable, and all ackr.rowledgements, promises,
covenants, agreements and obligations herein made or undertaken by FRANCHISEE shall be
deemed jointly and severally undertaken by all the parties hereto on behalf of FRANCI'IISEE.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparls, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement. Delivery ofan executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Agreement, by facsimile, or other electronic means, shall be eflective as of the delivery ofa
manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The parties agree that such electronically
exchanged or stored copies will be enforceable as original documents.
The rights of FRANCHISOR and FRANCHISEE hereunder are cumulative and no
exercise or enforcement by FRANCHISOR or FRANCHISEE olany right or remedy hereunder
shall preclude the exercise or enforcement by FRANCHISOR or FRANCHISEE of any other
right or remedy hereunder which FRANCHISOR or FRANCHISEE is entitled by law to enforce.
Except where this Agreement expressly obligates FRANCHISOR reasonably to approve
or not unreasonably to withhold FRANCHISOR's approval of any action or request by
FRANCHISEE, FRANCHISOR has the absolute right to refuse any requests by FRANCIIISEE
or to withhold FRANCHISOR's approval of any action by FRANCHISEE that requires
FRANCHISOR's approval.
This Agreement was accepted in the State of Wisconsin and shall be interpreted and
construed under the laws thereof. which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of laws,
except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, I 5
U.S.C. Seotion 105 I et seq.).
Chapter 135, Wisconsin Statutes, the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, supersedes any
provision of this Agreement.
The foregoing notwithstanding, nothing in this paragraph is intended to invoke the
application ofany franchise, business opportunity or similar law, rule or regulation ofany state
which would not otherwise apply.
WlRococoFrarchiseAgreement-2025
Page 66
XXVII. APPLICABLE LAW
