with common seating, strip center malls, store fronts, free-standing buildings, and campus
locations and range in size from 900 to 3,800 square feet. (Franchise Deposit Agreement -
Paragraph 2)
You shall have either acquired the site, or have a lease for the site approved, before the execution
ofthe Franchise Agreement. You agree to deliver a copy ofthe signed lease to RFC within 15
days after its execution. RFC may request for you to collaterally assign to RFC your lease as
security for your obligations under the Franchise Agreement. You agree to make the assignment
and procure the landlord's permission fbr the lease assignment. RFC does not own the premises
and lease it to you.
RFC will supply you with prototype plans and specifications which will reflect all requirements
for dimensions, exterior design, interior design and layout, image, building materials, fixtures,
equipment, furniture, signs and decor. RFC will provide you with the names of approved
suppliers for fixtures, equipment, furniture, and signs. RFC does not deliver or install any ofthe
above items. You shall insure your premises complies with all required building, utility, sign,
health, sanitation, business and other permits and licenses required for the operation ofthe
Franchised Business. (Franchise Agreement - Paragraph III.D.)
2. Tvpical Length of Time. The typical length of time between signing the Franchise Deposit
Agreement, along with payment ofthe Franchise Deposit, and the opening ofyour business
varies according to the circumstances involved. It normally takes from 2 to 6 months to locate a
site after the Franchise Deposit Agreement has been executed. Once a site has been Iocated and
the entire franchise fee paid, it normally takes between 2 and 9 months, subject to delaying
circumstances normally associated with construction endeavors to open your RESTAURANT.
However, an additional amount of time is often required by you for finding an acceptable site for
a proposed location, negotiating leases, securing financing, securing building permits, shortages,
delayed installation ofequipment, fixtures and signs, and all other events which normally occur
before the Franchise Agreement is signed.
3. RFC's Oblieations to You d rinp Oneration ol the Franchise
After opening of the
Franchised Business, RFC shall advise you ofoperating problems of the Franchised Business
disclosed by reports submitted to or inspections made by RFC. Operating assistance may
include advice and guidance with respect to: (1) developing products or services you will offer to
your customers; (2) methods, standards and operating procedures utilized by ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS; (3) products and services authorized for sale by ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS; (4) selecting, purchasing and preparing products, materials and supplies;
(5) advertising and promotional programs; (6) administrative, bookkeeping, accounting,
inventory control, sales and general operating procedures for ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS; (7) consuttation with the training of employees; (8) consultation with regards
to establishing prices; (9) helping you resolve operating problems you may encounter; and
W lllococoDisclosure[)ocument-2025
Pallc lli
