FRANCHISEE, the executor, administrator, conservator, guardian or other personal
representative ofsuch person shall, within six (6) months ofsuch event:
1. Apply to FRANCHISOR for the right to continue to operate the
RESTAURANT (for the duration of the term of this Agreement), which right shall be
granted upon the fulfillment ofall of the conditions set iorth in Paragraph XVIILC. of
this Agreement (excepl that no transfer fee shall be required); or
2. Transfer FRANCHISEE's interest in this Agreement or such interest in the
RESTAURANT to a third party approved by FRANCHISOR. Such disposition of this
Agreement or such interest in the RESTAURANT (including, without limitation, transfer
by bequest or inheritance) shall be completed within a reasonable time, not to exceed six
(6) months from the date ofdeath or permanent disability, and shall be subject to all the
terms and conditions applicable to transfers contained in Paragraph XVIII.C. Failure to
transfer the interest in this Agreement or such interest in FRANCHISEE within said
period oftime shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. For purposes hereof, the term
"permanent disability" shall mean a mental or physical disability, impairment or
condition that is reasonably expected to prevent or actually does prevent FRANCHISEE,
or an owner of a controlling interest in FRANCHISEE, from supervising the management
and operation of the RESTAURANT for a period olsix (6) months from the onset of
such disability, impairment or condition.
In the event of the death or incapacity of a FRANCIIISEE, any partner, member, or
shareholder of a FRANCHISEE, which is a partncrship, limited liabitity company! or
corporation, where the aforesaid provisions have not been fulfilled within the time provided, all
rights licensed to FRANCHISEE under this Agreement shall, at the option of FRANCHISOR,
terminate forthwith and automatically revert to FRANCHISOR.
If, after the death or permanent disability of FRANCHISEE or a controlling owner of
FRANCHISEE, the RESTAURANT is not being managed by a competent and trained manager,
FRANCHISOR is authorized, but not obligated, to appoint a manager to maintain the R
RESTAURANT's operation until an approved assignee shall be able to assume its management
and operation, for a period not exceeding ninety (90) days, renewable as necessary, for up to one
(l) year, without the written approval ofthe personal representative ofFRANCHISEE. In the
event FRANCHISOR appoints such a manager to maintain the RESTAURANT'S operation,
FRANCHISOR shall periodically discuss the status of the RESTAURANT with the personal
representative of FRANCHISEE, or FRANCHISEE'S heirs. All funds from the
RESTAURANT's operation during the period of management by FRANCHISOR's appointed
manager shall be kept in a separate fund and all expenses ofthe RESTAURANT, including
compensation, other costs and travel and living expenses of FRANCHISOR's appointed
manager, shall be charged to such fund. As compensation for the management services
WlRococoFranchis€AgrecnlcDt.2025
Pagc 57
