with the standards and procedures designated by RFC (the "System"), within a specified
Territory.
The general market for the products or services you will olfer are persons ages 5 to 70. The
market is developed and sales are not seasonal. It will be necessary for you to comply with local
laws or regulations relating to the sale of food and beverage items. ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS must compete with other full-serwice, carry-out or delivery restaurants and
outlets specializing in pizza and pasta, some of which are national or regional chains. ROCKY
ROCOCO RESTAURANTS also will have to compete with restaurants and fast-food or quick-
service outlets oflering other types offood products and with grocery stores selling pizza for
home consumption.
Prior Business Exoerience ofRFC. Its Predecessors and its Affiliates. RFC has never operated a
business of this type being offered. An alfiliate ofRFC, Pizza Rococo, Inc., owns and operates I
ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURAN'f. Pizza Rococo, Inc., opened its first restaurant May 20,
1992. Pizza Rococo, Inc. utilizes the Proprietary Marks in connection with an Intellectual
Property License Agreement with Rocky Rococo Corporation. Pizza Rococo, Inc., does not
offer franchising in this business or any other. Pizza Rococo, Inc., provides goods and services
in the f,orm of uniforms and other miscellaneous items to franchisees of RFC. Pizza Rococo,
Inc., does not derive a profit from the sale ofsuch uniforms and other miscellaneous items.
An affiliate of RFC, TRH Restaurants, Inc., ovnns and operates 1 ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANT. TRH Restaurants, Inc., was incorporated in 1991 and opened its first
restaurant in 1994. TRH Restaurants, Inc. utilizes the Proprietary Marks in connection with an
Intellectual Property License Agreement with Rocky Rococo Corporation. TRH Restaurants,
Inc., does not offer franchising in this business or any other and does not provide goods and/or
services to franchisees ofRFC.
An affiliate of RFC, Airport Pizza Roc, Inc., owns and operates 2 ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS. Airport Pizza Roc, Inc., was incorporated in 2003 and opened its first
restaurant in 2003. Airport Pizza Roc, Inc. utilizes the Proprietary Marks in connection with an
Intellectual Property License Agreement with Rocky Rococo Corporation.
Airporl Pizza Roc, Inc., does not offer franchising in this business or any other and does not
provide goods and/or services to franchisees of RFC.
An affiliate of RFC, TRH Restaurants II, Inc., owns and operates 2 ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS. TRH Restaurants II, Inc., was incorporated in 2001 and opened its first
restaurant in2007. TRH Restaurants II, Inc. utilizes the Proprietary Marks in connection with an
Intellectual Propefiy License Agreement with Rocky Rococo Corporation. TRH Restaurants II,
Inc., does not offer franchising in this business or any other and does not provide goods and/or
services to franchisees ol RFC.
wlRococoDisclosureDocument-2025
Page 2
