Rococo Franchise Corporation
Notes To Financial Statements
December 30, 2024, Oecembe( 25,2023 and Decembet 26,2022
Long-lived assets - The Company annually considers whether indicators of impairment of long-lived assets held for
use are present. lf such indicators are present, the Company determines whether the sum of the estimated
undiscounted future cash flow attributable to such assets is less than their carrying amounts, and if so, the Company
would recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amounts over their fair value. Management
determined that no indicators of impairment were present as of December 30, 2024, December 25, 2Q23 ot
Decembet 26 , 2022 .
Gift cards payable - Gift cards payable are an accumulation of gifl card sales by both franchisee and affiliate owned
restaurant locations, less amounts utilized by the purchasers of the gift cards. Affiliate owned restaurants are owned
by a member of the Company's management (see Note 3). For the flscal years ended December 30, 2024,
December 25, 2023 and December 26, 2022, the Company collected gift card purchases from franchisees and
affilaates of $88,609, $61,587 and $50,324 and reimbursed gift cards utilized at franchise and affiliate locations of
$60,155, $43,597 and $55,631 .
Revenue recognition - The Company generates revenues from franchising through individual franchise agreements.
ln consideration for the payment of an initial franchise fee, continuing royalties, and other amounts specified in the
franchise agreement, the Company grants new franchisees the use of the Rocky Rococo trade name, system and
training, and restaurant operation assistance.
Payment for the franchise agreement consists of a fixed fee of $25,000 for a new franchisee and $17,500 for existing
franchisees opening a new location. The fixed fee for a franchise transferred to a new franchisee is $12,500. The
fixed fee, as determined by the signed franchise or transfer agreement, is due at execution of the agreement and
refundable if the agreement is cancelled within ten days of execution. When ten days have passed, the fixed fee is
nonrefundable. The Company accounts for all pre-opening activities as a single performance obligation and
recognizes all franchise and transfer fees when a location is opened or transferred.
Royalty fees, which are based upon a percentage of up to 5% of gross revenue collected by the franchisees, are
recognized as revenue by the Company when such revenues are earned by those franchisees. lf franchisees do not
reach a gross sales threshold during the fiscal year as defined in each franchise agreement, the Company
retroactively reduces the percentage to 3.5% and credits the difference to the franchisees' balance owed in the future.
Royalty revenues are primarily related to the use of the license agreement and are recognized as income in the same
period in which the sales occur.
Sales-based advertising fees, which are based on .75% of gross revenue collected by the franchisees, are recognized
as income in the same period in which such revenues are earned by those franchises. Any advertising fees collected
that are greater than advertising expenses are recorded as a cooperative advertising fund surplus at the end of the
fiscal year.
Advertising expenses - Advertising expenses are expensed when incurred. Advertising expenses are comprised of
costs incurred by the Company to benefit franchise operations. The Company may also incur additional advertising
expenses should the Company spend more than is collected from the franchisees in the future.
Advertising expense for lhe fiscal years ended December 30, 2024, Oecembet 2S,2023 and December 26, 2022 was
$270,344, $229,359 and $152,565, and is included as a component of selling, general, and administrative expenses
in the accompanying statements of operations and retained earnings.
Related party entities - The Company has elected lo adopt Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2018-17,
Consolidation - Targeted lmprovements to Related Pady Guidance for Variable lnterest Entities (y/E), which provides
an accounting alternative under which a company may elect not to apply VIE guidance to legal entities under common
control if both the company and the legal entity being evaluated for consolidation are not public business entities. The
Company has determined it satisfies the requirements provided by this accounting alternative and therefore, has not
considered whether any related party entities that are under common control meet the requirements for consolidation
under the VIE guidance.
7
