The term "affiliate" has used herein is applicable to any company directly or indirectly
owned or controlled by, under common control with or owning or controlling FRANCHISOR
that transacts business with FRANCHISEE.
XXXV. CAVEAT
The success of the business venture contemplated to be undertaken by FRANCHISEE by
virtue ofthis Agreement is speculative and depends, to a large extent, upon the ability of
FRANCHISEE as an independent businessman, as well as other factors. FRANCHISOR does
WlRococoFranchiseAgrcement-2025
FRANCHISEE hereunder as if each such member were the sole FRANCHISEE hereunder. If
FRANCHISEE is a trust, each trustee, grantor and beneficiary signing this Agreement shall be
liable for all of the obligations and duties of FRANCHISEE hereunder. If FRANCHISEE is a
corporation, all shareholders executing this Agreement shalt be liable lor all obligations and
duties of FRANCHISEE hereunder as if each such shareholder were the sole FRANCHISEE
hereunder. If FRANCHISEE is a partnership, limited liability company, trust, or corporation,
each of its principals and/or owners shall concunently with the execution of this Agreement,
execute FRANCHISOR's Owner's Guarantee and Assumption of Franchisee's Obligations
attached hereto as Rider "A", pursuant to which all obligations and duties ofFRANCHISEE are
guaranteed by such individuals. Should FRANCHISEE be in breach or default under this
Agreement, FRANCHISOR may proceed directly against each such spouse, partner, member,
proprietor, signatory to this Agreement, shareholder, trustee, trustor, owner, principal or
beneficiary without first proceeding against FRANCHISEE and without proceeding against or
naming in such suit any other FRANCHISEE, partner, member, proprietor, signatory to this
Agreement, shareholder, trustee, trustor or beneficiary. The obligations of FRANCHISEE and
each such spouse, partner, member, proprietor, person executing this Agreement, shareholder,
trustee, trustor and beneficiary shall bejoint and several. Notice to or demand upon one spouse,
partner, member, proprietor, person signing this Agreement, shareholder, trustee, trustor, owner,
principal or beneficiary shall be deemed notice to or demand upon FRANCHISEE and all such
spouses, partners, members, proprietors, persons signing this Agreement, shareholders, trustees,
trustors, owners, principals and beneficiaries, and no notice or demand need be made to or upon
atl such FRANCHISEES, spouses, partners, members, proprietors, persons executing this
Agreement, shareholders, trustees. trustors, owners. principals or beneficiaries. The cessation of
or release from liability of FRANCHISEE or any such spouse, partner, member, proprietor,
person executing this Agreement, shareholder, trustee, trustor, owners, principals or beneficiary
shall not relieve any other FRANCHISEE, spouse, par:tner, member, proprietor, person executing
this Agreement, shareholder, trustee, trustor, owner, principal or beneficiary from liability
hereunder, except to the extent that the breach or default has been remedied or monies owed
have been paid.
XXXIV. AFFILIATE
Pagc 69
