3. Use plates, cups, utensils, uniforms, menus, forms, packaging materials, labels
and other supplies; and
4. Use or offer for sale other products and services
that conform to FRANCHISOR's specifications and quality standards and/or are purchased from
suppliers approved by FRANCHISOR (which may include FRANCHISOR and/or
FRANCHISOR's affiliates). FRANCHISOR may modifu the list of approved brands and/or
suppliers, and FRANCHISEE shall not, having been notified ofsuch modification, reorder any
brand or from any supplier which is no longer approved. If FRANCHISEE proposes to use any
brand and/or supplier which is not then approved, FRANCHISEE shall first notifu
FRANCHISOR and submit sufficient information, specifications and samples concerning such
brand and/or supplier for FRANCHISOR to determine whether such brand complies with
FRANCHISOR's specifications and standards and/or such supplier meets FRANCHISOR's
approved supplier criteria. FRANCHISOR shall have the right to charge FRANCHISEE a
reasonable fee to cover the costs FRANCHISOR incurs in making such determination and will
notift FRANCHISEE of FRANCHISOR's decision within a reasonable time. FRANCHISOR
may prescribe procedures for the submission ofrequests for approved brands or suppliers and
obligations which approved suppliers must assume (which may be incorporated in a written
agreement to be executed by approved suppliers). FRANCHISOR may impose limits on the
number of suppliers and/or brands for any of the foregoing items.
In order to maintain a uniform image to the public and to maximize quantity discounts,
FRANCHISOR shall have the right to designate a soft drink supplier and may require
FRANCHISEE to use the designated brand.
FRANCHISEE shall at all times maintain an inventory of approved food products,
beverages, ingredients and other products sulficient in quantity and variety to realize the
RESTAURANT's full potential.
FRANCHISOR may conduct market research and testing to determine consumer trends
and the saleability ofnew food products and services. FRANCHISEE agrees to cooperate by
parlicipating in FRANCHISOR's market research programs, test marketing new food products
and services in the RESTAURANT and providing FRANCHISOR with timely repofis and other
relevant iniormation regarding such market research. In connection with any such test
marketing, FRANCHISEE shall purchase a reasonable quantity of and make a reasonable efforl
to sell such tested products.
WlRococoFrrnchiscAsreement-2025
Page 29
