Employment Eligibility Verifi cation -Form (l-9)
W-4 Form
New Employee Data Sheet
Employee Change Worksheet
Employee File Folder
Employee Review Calendar
Correcting Perlormance Defi ciencies
Corrective Action Notice
Seclion I Ovcrview
The Manager's Role
Training Steps
Section 2 Job Aids:
General Guidelines
5 -7
8-10
11- 14
15-19
20 -2s
26-27
28-33
34
1
2-7
(7 pages)
(5 pages)
5
7. Trainins Program. Training by RFC, at the cost and expense ofRFC, includes training you.
and your designated employees or representatives, at RFC's training store located in Maylair
Mall, Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, for a period of I 0 weeks composed of 5 business days per week at
8 to l0 hours per day, prior to the opening ofyour restaurant. Training classes are scheduled on
an "as needed" basis. Training will be conducted by a staff member ofRFC with at least I year
olin-the-field experience. RFC will provide you with a copy ofthe Operations Manual,
worksheets, and all necessary forms to operate your Restaurant. In addition to this period of
lbrmal training, RFC will make available to you additional on the job training, at one of RFC's
alfiliates operating restaurants, for a period ofup to 20 weeks, during the construction ofyour
restaurant, and prior to the opening of the restaurant, in order that you are fully trained, and your
restaurant can be fully operational, upon its opening. Length of on the job training will be
determined by RFC and your individual needs. On the job training is not required, however, it is
recommended. On the job training will be provided at no additional cost other than your
expenses such as travel, lodging and meals. The speed with which you and your employees or
representatives complete formal and on thejob training will be determined by prior experience
and general aptitude. RFC also provides you with opening assistance for a period of 5 business
days beginning 3 days before the scheduled opening day of the RESTAURANT, or at the
discretion of RFC. This assistance includes the providing by RFC of 1 member of RFC's
operational staffto assist you for the first 2 business days ofoperation. RFC provides such staff
WlRococoDischsurcDocunlenl-2025
l'a8e 2tj
CHAPTEI{ 6. TRAINING
