Neither FRANCHISOR nor FRANCHISEE shall be liable for loss or damage or deemed
to be in breach of this Agreement iftheir failure to perform obligations results from:
2. Compliance with any law, ruling, order, regulation, requirement or instruction
ofany federal, state or municipal govemment or any department or agency thereof;
3. Acts of God;
4. Fires, strikes, embargoes, war or riot, or
5. Any other similar event or cause.
XXIII. NOTICE
All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions of
this Agreement or of the Operations Manual shall be deemed so delivered at the time delivered
by hand; one (1) business day after transmission by facsimiles, telecopy, telegraph, e-mail or
comparable electronic system; one (1) business day after being placed in the hands ofa
commercial carrier service for next business day delivery; or three (3) business days after
placement in the mail by registered or ce(ified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to
the address set forth below. Any required payment or report which FRANCHISOR does not
actually receive at the correct address during regular business hours on the due date (or
postmarked by postal authorities at least two (2) days before it is due) will be deemed delinquent.
WlRococolirarchiseAgreemenl-2025
Page 63
including, without limitation, any mandatory standard, specification or operating procedure; any
waiver, forbearance, delay, failure or omission by FRANCHISOR to exercise any right, power or
option, whether of the same, similar or different nature, with respect to other ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS; or FRANCHISOR's acceptance of any payments due from FRANCHISEE
after any breach ofthis Agreement.
l. Transportation shortages, inadequate supply of equipment, merchandise,
supplies, labor, material or energy or the voluntary foregoing ofthe right to acquire or
use any of the foregoing in order to accommodate or comply with the orders, requests.
regulations, recommendations or instructions ofany federal, state or municipal
government or any department or agency thereol;
Any delay resulting from any olsaid causes shall extend performance accordingly or excuse
performance, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable, except that said causes shall not excuse
payments of amounts owed at the time ofsuch occurrence or payment of Royalty and Service
Fees and Fund contributions due on any sales thereafter.
