RFC assumes no direct or indirect liability or obligation to you with respect to the maintenance,
direction or administration olthe Fund. You agree and acknowledge that the Fund is intended to
maximize the general public recognition and acceptance ofthe Marks for the benefit ofthe
system in that RFC, or RFC's designee, make no representation and undertake no obligation in
administering the Fund to make the expenditures for you. which are equivalent or proportionate
to your contribution, or to insure that any particular franchisee benefits directly or prorata from
the Fund.
The Fund shall be accounted for separately from RFC's other funds, but shall not be required to
be segregated, and shall not be used to defray any of RFC's general operating expenses, except
for such reasonable salaries, administrative costs and overhead as RFC may incur in activities
related to administration of the Fund and its marketing programs, including, without limitation,
conducting market research, developing and maintaining websites, preparing advertising and
marketing materials and collecting and accounting for other contributions to the Fund. The Fund
is not audited. An unaudited statement of monies collected and costs incurred by the Fund shall
be prepared annually by RFC and shall be furnished to you upon written request. RFC will not
use any portion ofthe Fund for solicitation offranchisees. During the last fiscal year of the Fund
(ending on December 31,2024), the Fund spent 66.83% of its income on marketing and
advertising, 3.630/o for administration expenses, and 29.53%o for public relations. (Franchise
Agreement - Paragraph VI.A.)
Currently, RFC does not have an advertising council, but reserves the right to create such a council
in the future. In the event an advertising council is created, members will be selected from existing
franchisees and will serve in an advisory capacity only. RFC has the right to change or dissolve the
advertising council as it deems necessary.
\,\' I RococoDisclosurel)ocomcnt-2025
Pagc 20
Currently, RFC does not have a local advertising lund (the "Local Ad Fund"), an advertising
cooperative comprised of ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS located in the same market area.
ln market areas in which there are two (2) or more Rocky Rococo Restaurants, RFC shall have
the right to establish, maintain and administer the Local Ad Fund for the benefit of ROCKY
ROCOCO RESTAURANTS located in the same market area. The Fund is not administered
pursuant to a written plan. RFC shall determine which ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS
shall comprise the same market area and the Local Ad Fund may be changed, dissolved, or
merged, upon direction of RFC. If established, the Local Ad Fund shall be used for advertising.
media placement, marketing and public relations programs and related activities as RFC may
deem necessary or appropriate to promote ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANTS in the market
area.
