1 . Reslaurants with no electronic media shall expend One and one-half percent
(l I l2%) of weekly gross sales;
2. Restaurants with radio media shall expend Two and one-halfpercent (2 1l2yo) of
weekly gross sales; and
3. Restaurants with television media shall expend Three and one-halfpercent (3 ll2%o)
of weekly gross sales.
Such expenditures shall be made within ninety (90) days ofthe close of a weekly period.
Such expenditures shall be referred to as "Local Expenditures". The following shall not count as
Local Expenditures: 1) money spent on classified telephone directory listings and
advertisements, advertising and promotional expenses required under the Lease for the
RESTAURANT and discounts and the redemption ofcoupons; and 2) the cost ofgoods or
services supplied without charge. If required by FRANCHISOR, within fifteen (15) days after
the end of each calendar quarter, during the term of this Agreement, FRANCHISEE shall submit,
in a form prescribed by FRANCHISOR, verification of its local expenditures lor the previous
calendar quarter. Amounts spent for local advertising and promotion olthe RESTAURANT
shall not be credited towards FRANCHISEE Local Expenditures under this Agreement to the
extent that FRANCHISEE is reimbursed for such expenditures by, or such expenditures are
made by, a supplier of the RESTAURANT.
FRANCHISOR may increase the maximum amount which shall be expended by
FRANCHISEE for local advertising and promotion of the RESTAURANT, provided, that such
increase is approved by the owners of not less than Sixty percent (60%) of the RESTAURANTS
which are not pa(icipating in the Local Ad Fund, as set forth in Section VI.B. above (including
FRANCHISOR-owned, affiliate-owned, and franchised RESTAURANTS).
FRANCHISEE agrees to list and advertise the RESTAURANT in the principal regular
(white pages) and classified (yellow pages) telephone directories distributed within
FRANCHISEE's primary trading area, in such directory categories that FRANCHISOR
specifies, utilizing FRANCHISOR's standard forms of listing and classified directory
advertisements. Such classified directory advertisements shall list other ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS operating within the distribution area of such classified directories and the cost
of such advertisements shall be reasonably apportioned among all ROCKY ROCOCO
RESTAURANTS listed therein.
FRANCHISEE agrees to conduct a grand opening advertising and promotion program for
the RESTAURANT during the period commencing thirty (30) days before and ending thirty (30)
days after its opening and to expend not less than Five thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) for such
pupose. Such advertising and promotion shall utilize the standard marketing and public
relations programs and media and advertising materials that FRANCHISOR has developed for
grand opening programs.
Page 20
wlRococoFranchiseAgrccment-2025
