including, without limitation, conducting market research, preparing advertising and marketing
materials and collecting and accounting for other contributions to the Local Ad Fund. An
unaudited statement of monies collected and costs incurred by the Local Ad Fund shall be
prepared annually by RFC and shall be furnished to you upon written request. RFC will not use
any portion ofthe l.ocal Ad Fund for solicitation offranchisees. (Franchise Agreement -
Paragraph VI.B.)
RFC is currently not collecting the Local Ad Fund contribution, but retains the right to institute
the Local Ad Fund upon 30 days' written notice to you.
RFC is not obligated to conduct adve(ising for the franchise system and does not provide any
advertising.
During any week in which you do not participate in a Local Ad Fund, an amount designated by
RFC, not to exceed 3 | /2oh of your gross sales, shall be expended by you for local advertising
and promotion of the RESTAURANT, based upon the following formula:
a. RESTAURANTS with no electronic media shall expend 1 I l2oh of weekly
gross sales;
b. RES'IAURANTS with radio media shall expend 2112%o of weekly gross sales;
and
You shalI make such advertising expenditures within 90 days ofthe close ofa weekly period.
RFC may increase the maximum amount you are required to expend for local advertising and
promotion, provided, that such increase is approved by the owners ofnot less than 60% ofthe
RESTAURANTS which are not participating in the Local Ad Fund.
Such expenditures shall be made within 90 days of the close of a weekly period. The following
items shall not count towards local advertising: l) money spent on classified telephone directory
listings and advertisements, advertising and promotional expenses required under the lease for
the Franchised Business and discounts and redemption ofcoupons; and 2) the cost ofgoods or
services supplied without charge. Ifrequired by RFC, you shall submit, within l5 days after the
end ofeach calendar quarter, verificalion ofthe amounts spent on local advertising for the
previous calendar quarter. (Franchise Agreement - Paragraph VI.C.)
You shall list and advertise the Franchised Business in the principal regular (White Pages) and
classified (Yellow Pages) telephone directories distributed within your primary trading area.
WlRooocoDisclosIrcDocunlcul-2025
Pagc 22
c. RESTAURANTS with television media shall expend 3 l/2% of weekly gross
sales.
