8. APPLICANT further agrees that in consideration for FRANCHISOR reserving the
territory, APPLICANT agrees that APPLICANT will not directly or indirectly engage in any
other type of pan style pizza and pasta restaurant during the term of this Agreement and for a
period ofone (1) year thereafter, within a fifty (50) mile radius of the area set forth in this
Agreement, or within a fifty (50) mile radius of the location of any other business using
FRANCHISOR's system, whether franchised, or ot..ned by FRANCHISOR, or FRANCHISOR's
affiliates.
9. All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed so delivered at the time delivered by hand; one (l) business
day after transmission by lacsimiles, telecopy, telegraph or comparable electronic system; one
(l) business day after being placed in the hands ola commercial carrier service lor next business
day delivery; or thee (3) business days after placement in the mail by registered or certified
mail, retum receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the address set forth below. Any required
payment or report which FRANCHISOR does not actually receive at the correct address during
regular business hours on the due date (or postmarked by postal authorities at least two (2) days
before it is due) will be deemed delinquent.
Notices to FRANCHISOR:
ROCOCO FRANCHISE CORPORATION
I 05 East Wisconsin Avenue
Oconomowoc. Wisconsin 53066
(262) s69-ss80
(262) 569-5591 - Facsimile number
Notices to APPLICANT:
10. APPLICANT has submitted. or is submitting herewith, its hnancial statement and
FRANCHISOR's confidential questionnaire. APPLICANT warants that the information
provided is complete and accurate. The FRANCHISOR shall have twenty-one (21) days from
the receipt ofthe signed Franchise Deposit Agreement within which to perform a credit check on
APPLICANT and/or the principal submitting this Franchise Deposit Agreement. In the event the
WlRococoFranchiscDcpositABreem€n12025
P.rge 6
