You agree to conduct a grand opening advertising and promotion program for the Franchised
Business during the period commencing 30 days before and ending 30 days after the opening of
the Franchised Business and to expend not less than $5,000.00 for that purpose. (Franchise
Agreement - Paragraph VI.C.)
5. Electronic CashRe isters or Comouter Svstems. You agree to use in the development and
operation of your RESTAURANT programs and computer hardware which RFC may specify or
require for point-ol-sale system, bookkeeping, inventory, training, marketing, employee
selection, operations and financial information collection and retrieval systems for use with the
operation of a ROCKY ROCOCO RESTAURANT, which costs is approximately Ten Thousand
Dollars ($10,000.00). During the term ofthe Franchise Agreement, technological advances may
require you to up-date computer hardware and/or software and to obtain service and support for
your computer system during the term of the Franchise Agreement. In addition, there will be
ongoing support for your computer system during the term of the Franchise Agreement. There is
no obligation ofRFC, or any affiliate ofRFC, to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, up-
grades or up-dates to your computer system. As technology changes, RFC cannot estimate the
anticipated costs or the frequency and costs ofup-grades and/or up-dates, and maintenance to the
computer system. The cost to you to obtain the computer system, including any licensed
program! may not be fully amorlizable over the remaining term of the Franchise Agreement.
RFC does not have access to your computer information.
You agree to incur costs with obtaining the programs and the computer hardware comprising the
computer system. provided that the computer system that RFC specifies for use by you is the
same computer system which RFC is then curently specifying for use by new franchisee, or
affiliate-owned stores. Within 120 days after you receive notice from RFC, you shall obtain the
components ofthe computer system which RFC designated and requires.
You shall install and use the computer system at the Franchised Business and transmit
information to RFC through use of the computer system. You, at your expense, shall establish
and maintain at the Franchised Business, a) a dedicated line RFC may use to access the computer
system, b) full and complete corporate records and repor-ts, and c) data bases in the form
specified by RFC pertaining to the operation of the Franchised Business, supervisory reports
relating to the Franchised Business and accounting, record keeping, and records retention system
conforming to the requirement prescribed by RFC (including, requirements for a general ledger
system which includes the standard chafi ofaccounts required by RFC and for timely entry ol
information into data bases of the computer system and periodic print-outs ofrepo(s generated
from the computer system), information relating to employee turn-over and other reports and
information as RFC may require. Each transaction ofthe Franchised Business shall be prooessed
on the computer system in the manner required by RFC. RFC shall have the right to retrieve
information from and data processed on the computer system with respect to the Franchised
Business, and you shall take such action as may be necessary to provide access to RFC. All
wlRococoDisclosureDocument-2025
Page 23
