         Guarantor’s immediate parent, Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC (“Holdings”), was organized
on March 16, 2007, originally under the name “Pla-Fit Ridgmar, LLC.” On March 7, 2008, Pla-
Fit Ridgmar, LLC changed its name to “Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC.” Holdings is also an
affiliate of ours and under a management agreement with us, acts as the manager (“Manager”) to
provide our required assistance, support and services to PLANET FITNESS area developers and
franchisees under their Area Development Agreements and Franchise Agreements and related
documents. Holdings is wholly-owned by Pla-Fit Holdings, LLC (“Topco”).

        Our ultimate parent, Planet Fitness, Inc. is majority owner and sole managing member of
Topco. Planet Fitness, Inc. is a publicly traded company. The principal business address of Planet
Fitness, Inc., Topco, and Holdings is 4 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, NH 03842.

       Our affiliate, Pla-Fit Canada Franchise, Inc., is the franchisor for Canadian PLANET
FITNESS locations, and it has been offering franchises for the operation of PLANET FITNESS
businesses in Canada since October 2014. Pla-Fit Canada Franchise, Inc. does not operate any
PLANET FITNESS locations, and it does not offer franchises in any other line of business.

        Our affiliate, Planet Fitness International Franchise, LLC (“International Franchise”) is the
franchisor for PLANET FITNESS locations in Central America, Spain and New Zealand, and it
has been offering franchises for the operation of PLANET FITNESS businesses since October
2015. International Franchise does not operate any PLANET FITNESS locations, and it does not
offer franchises in any other line of business.

        Our affiliate, Planet Fitness Mexico, S. de. R.L. de C.V., is the franchisor for PLANET
FITNESS locations in Mexico, and it has been offering franchises for the operation of PLANET
FITNESS businesses in Mexico since August 2021. Planet Fitness Mexico, S. de. R.L. de C.V.
does not operate any PLANET FITNESS locations, and it does not offer franchises in any other
line of business.

       Our affiliate, Planet Fitness Australia Franchise Pty Ltd, is the franchisor for PLANET
FITNESS locations in Australia and it has been offering franchises for the operation of PLANET
FITNESS businesses since August 2019. Planet Fitness Australia Franchise Pty Ltd does not
operate any PLANET FITNESS locations, and it does not offer franchises in any other line of
business.

    Other than as described in this Item 1, our affiliates have never offered franchises for
PLANET FITNESS businesses or any other line of business.

The Franchise

        A PLANET FITNESS franchise offers fitness training facilities, including exercise
machines and free weights, fitness training services, related services, amenities and ancillary
related merchandise as we may authorize. You must offer for sale all services, products, and
merchandise we designate under our System, unless prohibited by law or you obtain our prior
written approval not to offer certain services, products, or merchandise. Our System consists of
our proprietary business methods, designs and arrangements for developing and operating
PLANET FITNESS businesses in facilities and remotely via technology, which include the
Marks, building design and layouts, equipment, training, and certain operating and business

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 2
