standards and policies, all of which we may improve, develop or otherwise modify at any time (the
“System”). The System may include the delivery of digital content, which may be offered by us
directly to members or other consumers as a standalone service or bundled with membership
offers.

        You must sign the form of Nondisclosure & Non-Use Agreement attached to this
Disclosure Document as Exhibit “B” before we engage in substantive discussions with you about
the franchise opportunity. You will sign our then-current form of franchise agreement (the
“Franchise Agreement”) for each PLANET FITNESS franchise you open regardless of whether
you are opening a new facility or converting an existing facility. Each Franchise Agreement will
grant you the right to own and operate a single PLANET FITNESS franchise to be operated under
the service mark PLANET FITNESS®, as well as other trademarks, service marks, trade dress,
trade names and commercial symbols owned by us (collectively “Marks”) and in accordance with
the System at an agreed-upon location. A copy of our current form of Franchise Agreement is
attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “C”. If you are acquiring an existing PLANET
FITNESS location, you will also sign our Acquisition Amendment attached to this Disclosure
Document as Exhibit “D”. If you are entering into an agreement for a successor term of your
existing PLANET FITNESS franchise, you will also sign our Successor Amendment attached to
this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “E”.

        For an existing fitness training facility converting to a PLANET FITNESS franchise, we
may negotiate with you to reach mutually acceptable terms of a franchise agreement. You must
also sign our Conversion Amendment attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “F”.
Typically, the existing fitness training facility will have an established location and may have
equipment at the location that we determine to be acceptable to our System standards. In some
cases, the location of an existing fitness training facility seeking to convert to PLANET FITNESS
may never be approved based on certain factors such as parking or other limitations. Except where
otherwise noted, the disclosures in this Disclosure Document apply to conversion franchises as
well as initial franchises.

         Our affiliates may sell and we may franchise one or more company-owned PLANET
FITNESS locations or purchase a franchised location from a franchisee. In these transactions, our
affiliate negotiates with the prospective franchisee to reach mutually acceptable terms of a sale
agreement and any lease assignment or sublease of the real estate. If you purchase a company-
owned location, you must sign a Franchise Agreement, though the terms may vary from the
standards terms of our Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document. In addition,
one of our affiliates may jointly own PLANET FITNESS locations with third parties.

        If you qualify, we may grant you area development rights according to the form of Area
Development Agreement included in this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “G” (“Area
Development Agreement”). You and we may enter into an Area Development Agreement for the
development of a certain number of PLANET FITNESS facilities in a designated geographic area
called the “Development Area.” Under an Area Development Agreement, you must develop one
or more PLANET FITNESS facilities in the Development Area within a given period of time,
depending on population of the area, its market potential and other factors described in Item 12.
You must sign our then-current Franchise Agreement for your first PLANET FITNESS facility
at or soon after the time you sign the Area Development Agreement and for each PLANET

FDD – September 2025                                                         PLANET FITNESS®
                                               3
