         legally binding and enforceable as an “electronic signature” and the legal equivalent of a handwritten
         signature.

30.      Entire Agreement. This Agreement together with any exhibits, addenda and appendices hereto, constitute the
         sole agreement between you and us with respect to the entire subject matter of this Agreement and embodies all
         prior agreements and negotiations with respect to your PLANET FITNESS Businesses authorized hereunder.
         There are no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, except as contained herein or in the
         Franchise Disclosure Document provided to you at least fourteen (14) days before you signed this Agreement
         or any other agreement with us or an affiliate or paid us any money in connection with the area development
         rights hereunder.

31.      Modification. Except with respect to changes we may make to Exhibit B as described herein, the terms of
         this Agreement shall not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by or on behalf
         of the parties hereto; provided, however, we may unilaterally modify the Operations Manual from time to
         time.

32.      Administrative Costs. If you have requested this Agreement at a time when we are actively pursuing, but do
         not have an active franchise registration in an applicable jurisdiction, if you request a change to this
         Agreement after signing, or if you request additional documents (amendments, assignments, tri-party
         agreements, lender consents or comfort letters, etc.), and, in connection with our fulfillment of such request,
         we incur third-party costs or pay a filing fee, we may require you to pay or reimburse such fees and reasonable
         third-party costs.

33.      Other Franchisees/Area Developers. You acknowledge that other PLANET FITNESS franchisees/area
         developers have or will be granted franchises or area development rights at different times and in different
         situations, and further acknowledge that the provisions of such agreements may vary substantially from those
         contained in this Agreement and that our practices regarding granting and enforcing such agreements may
         vary. You shall not be entitled to require us to grant to you a like or similar variation thereof. You also
         acknowledge that your status as a PLANET FITNESS area developer under this Agreement confers no right
         to be considered or preferred for any franchise or development opportunity except with respect to your rights
         in the Development Area expressly provided hereunder.

34.      Independent Contractors. Neither this Agreement nor the dealings of the parties pursuant to this Agreement
         shall create any fiduciary relationship or any other relationship of trust or confidence between the parties
         hereto. Furthermore, you and we acknowledge that this Agreement does not create any labor relationship
         between you and us, nor between your and our employees, contractors, representatives and agents and that
         you are acting within the ordinary course of your business. The parties hereto, as between themselves, are
         and shall be independent contractors. You must conspicuously identify yourself in all dealings with
         customers, lessors, contractors, suppliers, public officials, employees and others as a PLANET FITNESS
         franchisee and must provide written notice to all employees identifying yourself as a separate and distinct
         business from us, with such notice being affirmatively acknowledged by each of your employees in a form
         we specify in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing from time to time. You must place such other
         notices of independent ownership on such forms, business cards, stationery, advertising and other materials
         as we may require from time to time. You may not make any express or implied agreements, warranties,
         guarantees or representations or incur any debt in our name or on our behalf or represent that the relationship
         of the parties hereto is anything other than that of independent contractors or franchisor and franchisee. We
         will not be obligated by or have any liability under any agreements made by you with any third party or for
         any representations made by you to any third party. We will not be obligated for any damages of any nature
         whatsoever to any person or property arising directly or indirectly out of your development of PLANET
         FITNESS businesses hereunder.

35.      Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, you and us, and our
         respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

36.      Anti-Terrorism Laws. You acknowledge that it is our intent to comply with all anti-terrorism laws enacted
         by the U.S. Government, including but not limited to the USA PATRIOT ACT or Executive Order 13324.




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 31                           PLANET FITNESS®
