         condition of you and your affiliates, and (f) such other information related to your performance under this
         Agreement as we may reasonably require from time to time. You must provide a written update to your
         Development Plan with fifteen (15) days after the end of each month. During each calendar quarter during
         the term of this Agreement, we may request an opportunity to review with you (either over the phone,
         virtually, or at our principal office, as may be mutually agreed upon by you and us) your Annual Business
         Plan and such other topics pertaining to the development and operation of the PLANET FITNESS
         Businesses in the Development Area and your progress toward the Annual Business Plan and under the
         Development Schedule. You agree to make your personnel (including, at least your Responsible Owner,
         and/or Approved Operator) available to participate in such review with our representative(s) during such
         quarterly meetings to discuss the Annual Business Plan. If you and your affiliates, collectively, under all of
         your agreements with us and our affiliates, have the right to develop and operate fewer than twenty-five (25)
         PLANET FITNESS Businesses, you need only provide us with the Annual Business Plan within sixty (60)
         days of our written request. The Annual Business Plan must be in such format as we reasonably request,
         which may include aggregation by designated market area. Given the reporting obligations of our ultimate
         parent as a publicly traded company, you acknowledge that your failure to satisfy your reporting obligations
         to us is a material breach of this Agreement.

12.      Compliance with Applicable Laws. You must, at your expense, comply with all federal, state, city, municipal
         and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations in the Development Area pertaining to the opening and
         operation of your PLANET FITNESS Businesses. You are, at your expense, absolutely and exclusively
         responsible for determining all certifications, licenses and permits required by law for your PLANET
         FITNESS Businesses, for qualifying for and obtaining all such licenses and permits, and maintaining all
         such licenses and permits in full force and effect.

13.      General Conduct. In all your business dealings, you must adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity,
         fair dealing and ethical conduct. We expect that you and your Owners will conduct your PLANET
         FITNESS Businesses in a manner consistent with our values and good stewardship of the PLANET
         FITNESS brand. You and your Owners must conduct your PLANET FITNESS Businesses in a manner
         consistent with the ethical standards for PLANET FITNESS franchisees set forth in the Operations Manual.
         You will not, and will not allow your Owners or your employees to, engage in conduct that, in our reasonable
         determination, is likely to (a) degrade, offend, shock or insult the community, (b) ridicule public morals or
         decency, (c) prejudice us, our affiliates, the Marks or the System generally, or (d) harass, bully or demean
         our personnel, the personnel of your vendors, or any PLANET FITNESS members. Notwithstanding the
         foregoing, the above requirement is not intended to prohibit or restrict any protected concerted activity that
         you or your employees have a right to engage in, including under the National Labor Relations Act.

14.      Your Non-Competition and Confidentiality Obligations.

                              14.1 Covenant Not to Compete During Term. You specifically acknowledge that,
                     pursuant to this Agreement, you will receive valuable, specialized training, confidential
                     information, and other proprietary and specialized information and knowledge that provide a
                     valuable, competitive advantage in operating a business or other venture offering fitness,
                     exercise, or athletic services or content of any kind. You further acknowledge that we would be
                     unable to protect the Confidential Information (defined below) against unauthorized use or
                     disclosure or to encourage the free exchange of ideas and information among our franchisees if
                     you were permitted to hold interests in or perform services for a Competitive Business (defined
                     below), and we have granted you the rights hereunder in consideration of, and in reliance upon,
                     your agreement to deal exclusively with us. You therefore covenant that during the term of this
                     Agreement (except as otherwise approved in writing by us), you, your Owners (except Silent
                     Investors), your Approved Operator, and your and their Immediate Families (defined below)
                     shall not, either directly, indirectly or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person
                     or legal entity, anywhere in the world:

            14.1.1 Divert or attempt to divert any present or prospective business or customer of any
PLANET FITNESS Business to any Competitive Business, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 13                          PLANET FITNESS®
