Table of Contents
                                                          Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



the pattern in which the economic benefits are expected to be received, which may be straight-line or an accelerated method. Favorable and unfavorable
operating leases are amortized into rental expense over the lease term of the respective leases using the straight-line method.

(v) Guarantees
The Company, as a guarantor, is required to recognize, at inception of the guaranty, a liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the
guarantee. See Note 17 for further discussion of such obligations guaranteed.

(w) Contingencies
The Company records estimated future losses related to contingencies when such amounts are probable and estimable. The Company includes estimated legal
fees related to such contingencies as part of the accrual for estimated future losses.

(x) Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests represent third-party interests in certain of the Company’s subsidiaries. Allocation of net income or loss is generally based upon
relative ownership interests held by equity owners in each subsidiary or based upon contractual arrangements. If such contractual arrangements are substantive
and provide for a disproportionate allocation of economic returns among equity holders, the Company uses the hypothetical liquidation at book value
(“HLBV”) method to allocate net income or loss of the subsidiary. The HLBV method is a balance sheet focused approach which measures each party’s capital
account at each balance sheet date to determine the amount that the Company would receive if the subsidiary were to hypothetically liquidate its net assets at
their carrying values determined in accordance with GAAP and distribute such hypothetical proceeds based on the liquidation rights and priorities defined in
the contractual arrangement. Under the HLBV method, net income or losses of the subsidiary are attributed based on the change in each party’s capital account
between the beginning and the end of the reporting period, after adjusting for capital contributions and distributions. The proportion of net income or losses
attributed to non-controlling interests under the HLBV method is subject to change as the net assets in the subsidiary change.

(y) Reclassification
Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

(z) Recent accounting pronouncements

The FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, in November 2023. The standard expands reportable segment
disclosures by requiring disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) and included
within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount and description of its composition for other segment items, and interim disclosures of a
reportable segment’s profit or loss and assets. The Company adopted the new guidance beginning for fiscal year 2024. See Note 19 for the Company’s
disclosures in accordance with this new guidance.

The FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, in December 2023. The standard requires disaggregated information about a
reporting entity's effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more
detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions and applies to all entities subject to income taxes. The new standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption on our financial disclosures.

The FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, in November 2024. The standard requires more detailed information about
the types of expenses included in certain expense captions presented on the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, this amendment requires the
disclosure of a qualitative description of the amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively and the
disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption on our financial disclosures.



                                                                               77
