Franchise would no longer approve marketing materials for locations in New York State that
referred to tanning services as “free” or “unlimited,” the company-owned locations would continue
to refrain from making health benefit claims regarding red lamp therapy or tanning, and Pla-Fit
Franchise would encourage franchisees to comply with state laws regarding the advertising and
promotion of red lamp therapy and tanning.

       Litigation Against Franchisees in the Last Year: None.

       Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                            ITEM 4
                                         BANKRUPTCY

        In re Darrell Chichester Jr., Case No. 18:10-10267, United States District Court, District
of New Hampshire. Darrell Chichester, Vice President, Senior Associate General Counsel of Pla-
Fit Franchise, filed a personal bankruptcy petition under Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code
on March 2, 2018. On July 3, 2018, the bankruptcy court entered a discharge of the debtor’s debts.
The principal business address of Mr. Chichester is 4 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, NH 03842.

       No other bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                            ITEM 5
                                         INITIAL FEES

       Except as discussed below, you will pay a lump-sum nonrefundable Initial Franchise Fee
of $20,000 when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by
us when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee is uniform and non-
refundable and is not credited against any other obligation you have to us. All initial fees are the
same for both initial and conversion franchises.

         If you acquire rights under our Area Development program, you will pay an Area
Development Fee determined by multiplying the number of locations you agree to develop under
the Area Development Agreement by $10,000, unless you are acquiring development rights in the
same or a similar territory as that covered by an Area Development Agreement with you or your
affiliates that was terminated before its completion. In that case, the Area Development Fee will
be $60,000 per location to be developed. The Area Development Fee is fully earned by us when
you sign the Area Development Agreement and is due at that time. The Area Development Fee is
non-refundable and is not credited against any other obligation you have to us.

        We are currently waiving Initial Franchise Fees for Franchise Agreements issued under
Area Development Agreements. We may terminate this policy at any time, and if we do, you will
pay the then-current Initial Franchise Fee at the time you must sign the Franchise Agreement. You
must commit to opening one or more PLANET FITNESS locations as a condition of acquiring
area development rights, either yourself or through one or more entities in which you own a 51%
or more interest.

         We may require you to reimburse us for our reasonable expenses, including the costs of
travel, lodging and food, incurred in site evaluation for each visit we make at your request. We

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 12
