specified Development Area. During the term of the Area Development Agreement, so long as
you are in compliance with the Development Schedule, we, our parent and our affiliates will not
develop, operate or franchise a PLANET FITNESS facility in the Development Area except as
follows:

       1.      If there are open and operating PLANET FITNESS Business(es) owned by
               someone other than you or your affiliates within the specified Development Area
               at the time you sign an Area Development Agreement, those business will be
               specifically excluded from the Development Area (“Excluded Businesses”). An
               Excluded Business may be relocated to another location in the Development Area
               if (the new location is in close proximity to, and in the same trade area as, the
               previous location, as determined by us in our reasonable discretion;

       2.      We may enter into commercially reasonable agreements or arrangements with other
               companies or organizations for the development and operation of PLANET
               FITNESS Businesses (“Non-traditional Businesses”) (i) physically located within
               airports, military installations (including their adjacent housing and support areas),
               hotels, resorts, universities and schools, corporate offices, housing complexes, and
               similar locations within the Development Area (“Non-traditional Locations”) and
               (ii) intended to primarily serve individuals associated with the Non-traditional
               Location (e.g., guests, students, patrons, employees, personnel, residents, or
               members). Depending on the nature and scope of the Non-traditional Business
               agreement or arrangement, we may grant the right to develop the Non-traditional
               Business to the owner or operator of the Non-traditional Location. However, if and
               to the extent it is commercially reasonable to do so, we will provide you the right
               and option, through written notice (“Non-traditional Notice”), to develop such Non-
               traditional Business on the terms of the agreement or arrangement we have entered
               into. You or an affiliate that we approve will have 60 days from the date of receipt
               of our notice and proposed terms for such agreement(s) to enter into a franchise
               agreement for such Non-traditional Business. If you or your affiliate fail to enter
               into any such franchise agreement, then your right of first refusal with respect to
               the Non-traditional Businesses described in the Non-traditional Notice will expire
               and be of no force or effect and we, our parents, subsidiaries, and our affiliates may
               develop and operate or grant others the right to develop and operate the Non-
               traditional Businesses described in the Non-traditional Notice. Non-traditional
               Businesses will not count towards your Development Schedule;

       3.      We and our affiliates may operate, and grant to others the right to operate,
               PLANET FITNESS Businesses at any locations within the Development Area
               where your or your affiliates’ rights to operate a PLANET FITNESS Business
               have been terminated due to your or their material breach of a Franchise Agreement
               with us, other than certain site acquisition or site opening defaults;

       4.      We and our affiliates may acquire the right to franchise one or more other brands
               which may have locations in the Development Area. We may permit or require
               franchisees or licensees of these acquired brands to convert those locations to the
               PLANET FITNESS System, brand or Marks. We may also permit these other

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 55
