              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


unanimous agreement, a shorter period of time to consider a particular Marketing Plan pursuant
to this Section VI.B.

        The Manager may, with Franchisor’s approval, at any time during the term of a
Marketing Plan, modify any portion of any approved Marketing Plan deemed reasonably
necessary by the Manager based on changed circumstances or to achieve the goals of such
Marketing Plan so long as such modifications comply with these Bylaws and are believed to be
in the best interest of the Co-op. If any material modifications to the Marketing Plan are made,
the Manager shall inform the Members.

        If the Co-op is unable to approve a Marketing Plan after at least two rounds of voting or
is unable to achieve a quorum to vote on a Marketing Plan within two (2) weeks after it is
submitted for a vote, the Manager may use a Marketing Plan previously approved by the
Members in the immediately preceding year without a vote, with Franchisor’s approval.

       If the Co-op is unable to approve a Marketing Plan within sixty (60) days prior to the
beginning of the applicable calendar year, Franchisor, in its discretion, may establish a
Marketing Plan for the Co-op, which the Manager shall implement, until such time as a new
Marketing Plan is approved pursuant to these Bylaws.

       C.      Advertising Standards. All advertising by the Co-op must be in such media and
of such type and format as approved by Franchisor, must be conducted in a dignified manner,
and must conform to Franchisor’s standards and requirements and to applicable law.

       D.     Franchisor’s Approval. ALL ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL
PROGRAMS AND MATERIALS MUST BE APPROVED IN WRITING BY FRANCHISOR
BEFORE PUBLICATION OR USE BY THE CO-OP OR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS. The Co-op
must follow Franchisor’s procedures for the submission of such programs and materials for
approval.

         E.     Use. All advertising and promotional material created for use by the Co-op shall
be owned exclusively by Franchisor, and Franchisor shall have the unlimited right to use such
material without compensation to the Co-op. All intellectual property rights, including, without
limitation, trademark rights and copyrights, relating to advertising and promotional materials
created by, or on behalf of, the Co-op shall belong exclusively to Franchisor and all use thereof
shall inure solely to Franchisor’s benefit. The Co-op hereby assigns to Franchisor any and all of
the Co-op’s rights in and to all such advertising and promotional materials, including all
intellectual property rights associated therewith. The Co-op shall not seek to register any
copyright for any such materials and shall take any action requested by Franchisor to execute and
deliver such documents and instruments necessary or desirable to record or memorialize the
assignment of ownership of any such materials or to assist Franchisor in obtaining ownership of
or copyright registration for such materials. Franchisor shall not charge the Co-op any fees for
advertising and promotional material supplied by Franchisor to the Co-op, unless the
promotional material was supplied at the Co-op’s request and Franchisor informs the Co-op that
it will be responsible for such charges prior to supplying the Co-op with the advertising and
promotional material.



                                                 6
