                      (c)      Agreements. If the Transfer is of a non-Controlling Interest in you, which is not
                               one of a series of proposed Transfers which, in the aggregate, would constitute or
                               result in the transfer of a Controlling Interest in you, the transferee has agreed to
                               be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement for the remainder
                               of the Term. Otherwise, the transferee shall execute our then-current standard
                               form of franchise agreement and related documents (which may provide for
                               different royalties, advertising contributions and expenditures and other rights and
                               obligations than those provided for in this Agreement, and will have a term
                               equivalent to the remainder of the Term), provided, however, that, if this
                               Agreement contains a Royalty of at least 6.59% of the EFT Dues Draft, (y) the
                               franchise agreement shall contain terms at least as favorable to the transferee
                               related to Vendor Revenue as set forth in this Agreement, and (z) if the remaining
                               Term of this Agreement would be, as of the date of the proposed Transfer, three
                               (3) years or less, then the franchise agreement may, at the option of the transferee,
                               be for a term equal to either the remaining Term of this Agreement or the
                               remaining Term plus twelve (12) additional years. If the transferee elects that the
                               franchise agreement’s term will be for the remaining Term plus twelve (12)
                               additional years, the new franchise agreement will provide that, (i) upon the date
                               when the Term of this Agreement would have expired, the Royalty will adjust to
                               our then-current Royalty as of such date and (ii) the transferee must remodel the
                               BUSINESS as we may reasonably require.

                      (d)      Transfer Fees. You have paid us a transfer fee equal to Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars
                               ($10,000) in connection with the Transfer, unless the proposed Transfer is a
                               transfer of a five percent (5%) or less ownership interest in you (and is not one of
                               a series of Transfers which, in the aggregate with other Transfers to the same or
                               an affiliated transferee, would constitute or result in the transfer of greater than a
                               five percent (5%) interest in you) or we, in our sole discretion, determine that such
                               transfer is de minimis such that a lesser or no transfer fee may apply.

                      (e)      Right to Operate. You have purchased, leased or subleased the Location and have
                               provided us with proof of the transferee’s right to operate a PLANET FITNESS
                               Business at the Location, whether by an assignment of Lease or otherwise, and
                               we approve of the material terms of such assignment or acquisition, with such
                               approval not being unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

                      (f)      Business Updates. The Transferee agrees to (i) complete any required repair,
                               remodel or update required of you pursuant to this Agreement which we permit
                               to be completed post-closing, and (ii) update any aspects of the BUSINESS that
                               were approved exceptions to our standards when developed or installed, within a
                               reasonable time period that we specify after the closing of the Transfer.

                      (g)      Capital Structure. If you or your Owners finance any part of the sale price of the
                               transferred interest, you and/or your Owners have agreed that all of the
                               transferee’s obligations pursuant to any promissory notes, agreements or security
                               interests that you or your Owners have reserved in the BUSINESS are subordinate
                               to the transferee’s obligation to pay Royalties, Ad Fees and other amounts due to
                               us and otherwise to comply with this Agreement.

                      (h)      Holding Period. If this Agreement is entered into pursuant to an ADA, and such
                               ADA has not expired or been terminated, you or your Affiliate have satisfied the
                               minimum holding period requirement of the ADA (set forth in Article 17.1.6.5 of
                               our current form of ADA).

             The conditions set forth in Article 13.3 are intended to be representative and not exhaustive.




FDD - 2025                           PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 48                         PLANET FITNESS®
