                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                          FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

         THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of the Effective Date
(as defined herein) by and between Planet Fitness Franchising LLC, a limited liability company formed under
Delaware law, with its principal business address at 4 Liberty Lane West, Floor 2, Hampton, New Hampshire 03842
(referred to in this Agreement as “Franchisor”, “we,” “us” or “our”), and the Franchisee listed on the signature page
hereto (referred to in this Agreement as “Franchisee”, “you” or “your”).

1.       PREAMBLES, ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND REPRESENTATION.

         1.1     PREAMBLES. We and our Affiliates, as the result of the expenditure of time, skill, effort, and
                 money, have developed, and continue to develop, a distinctive System relating to the development
                 and operation of PLANET FITNESS fitness facilities (“PLANET FITNESS Businesses”)
                 identified by the Marks. We own the Marks and license them to franchisees. We grant franchises to
                 persons who meet our qualifications and are willing to undertake the investment and effort required
                 to own and operate a PLANET FITNESS Business offering the products and services we authorize
                 and approve and utilizing our System and the Marks. You have indicated to us by your actions and
                 statements that you desire a franchise to own and operate a PLANET FITNESS Business. This
                 Agreement governs your ownership and operation of one (1) PLANET FITNESS Business.

         1.2     ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and our Franchise
                 Disclosure Document (“FDD”) and understand and accept the terms, conditions and covenants
                 contained in this Agreement as being reasonably necessary to maintain our high standards of quality
                 and service and the uniformity of those standards at each PLANET FITNESS Business and thereby
                 to protect and preserve the goodwill of the Marks. You acknowledge that you have conducted an
                 independent investigation of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement and recognize
                 that, like any other business, the nature of the business conducted by a PLANET FITNESS
                 Business may evolve and change over time, that an investment in a PLANET FITNESS Business
                 involves business risks and that your business abilities and efforts are vital to the success of the
                 venture. Any information you acquire from other PLANET FITNESS franchisees or third party
                 vendors relating to the sales, profits or cash flows of other PLANET FITNESS Businesses does
                 not constitute information obtained from us, nor do we make any representation as to the accuracy
                 of any such information. You acknowledge that, in all of their dealings with you, our officers,
                 directors, employees and agents act only in a representative, and not in an individual, capacity. All
                 business dealings between you and such persons as a result of this Agreement are solely between
                 you and us. You further acknowledge that we have advised you to seek franchise counsel to review
                 and evaluate this Agreement.

         1.3     REPRESENTATION. You represent to us, as an inducement to our entry into this Agreement, that
                 all statements you have made and all materials you have submitted to us in connection with your
                 purchase of the franchise are accurate and complete and that neither you nor any of your Owners
                 have made any misrepresentations or material omissions in obtaining the Franchise. You represent
                 to us that your entry into this Agreement does not breach any agreement or other legal obligation of
                 you or any of your Owners including, if applicable, the active area development agreement pursuant
                 to which the BUSINESS is being developed (the “ADA”). We have approved of your purchase of
                 the Franchise in reliance upon all of your representations. We reserve the right to terminate this
                 Agreement, as provided in Article 15, if you made any material representation to us that was false
                 or there were any material omissions in information provided to us in inducing us to enter into this
                 Agreement with you. You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless for a breach of any
                 representation in this Article 1.3, as provided in Article 18.4.

         1.4     CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. The terms listed below have the meanings which follow them and
                 include the plural as well as the singular. Other terms are defined elsewhere in this Agreement in
                 the context in which they arise.




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 1                       PLANET FITNESS®
