       Advertising Cooperatives (Article 10.3)

       We may establish local or regional advertising cooperatives for PLANET FITNESS
businesses in your local or regional area, covering the geographical areas we may designate
periodically. We may form, change, dissolve or merge advertising cooperatives.

        If there exists an established advertising cooperative in your market area, you must
participate in the advertising cooperative and its programs and abide by its bylaws. Our current
form Co-op Bylaws are attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “K-2”. You must
contribute the amounts to the advertising cooperative(s) as they determine periodically in
accordance with their bylaws. We may require a minimum contribution, not to exceed your LAF
requirement. Any PLANET FITNESS businesses any of our affiliates own located in the
designated local or regional area(s) will contribute to the cooperative(s) on the same basis.
Contributions to the local and regional advertising cooperatives are credited toward the LAF
advertising expenditures required by the Franchise Agreement; however, if we provide you and
your local or regional advertising cooperative 90 days’ notice of a special promotion, including
national or regional campaigns, partnerships or promotions, you must participate in the promotion
and pay us any special promotion advertising fees assessed in connection with the program,
beginning on the effective date of the notice and continuing until the special promotion is
concluded. Any special promotion advertising fees will be in addition to, and not credited towards,
the LAF advertising expenditure required by the Franchise Agreement.

        The bylaws of your cooperative will be made available for you to review. We may choose
to administer or oversee the administration of the advertising cooperatives and collect your
cooperative advertising contributions by automatic electronic withdrawal. The financial statements
of the advertising cooperatives may be audited and the reports will be made available to you. Each
PLANET FITNESS business located within the local or regional area of the advertising
cooperative will utilize a voting system approved by us. Advertising conducted by the
cooperatives may be in various media including television, radio, digital, print, billboards, transit,
sponsorships and aerial advertising.

Computer Hardware and Software

        You must record all transactions on a computer-based system that is fully compatible with
our computer system, or the computer systems of our designated POS supplier and/or other third-
party vendors, and that includes an information interface capability to communicate electronically
with our computer system. You must participate in our Internet website and mobile application
and you may not register a domain name or operate a website, mobile application, or other digital
interface containing the Marks. We have the right to determine the content and use of any website
or mobile application associated with the Marks. Your general conduct on the Internet, mobile
applications or other electronic media, including your use of the Marks or any advertising, is
subject to the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement and any other rules or requirements
that we may identify.

       You must purchase your club management, member management, and point of sale
software, services, and hardware (collectively “Point of Sale System” or “POS System”), and other
hardware required to operate your club(s), from our designated POS System supplier and/or other

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 46
