                                 AMENDMENT TO
                                PLANET FITNESS®
                           FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR THE
                               STATE OF MARYLAND

        Notwithstanding anything which may be contained in the body of the Franchise Agreement
to the contrary, the Franchise Agreement is amended as follows:

        1.     Article 1.2 of the Franchise Agreement (Acknowledgments) shall be deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following language:

              “You acknowledge that, in all of their dealings with you, our officers,
              directors, employees and agents act only in a representative, and not in an
              individual, capacity. All business dealing between you and such persons as
              a result of this Agreement are solely between you and us.”

        2.    The second to last sentence of Article 4.1 of the Franchise Agreement (Location
Selection and Approval) is hereby deleted in its entirety.

        3.      Article 5.1 (Initial Franchise Fee) is amended to provide that we will defer
collection of the Initial Franchise Fee and any other fees you owe us under the Franchise
Agreement before your PLANET FITNESS® business opens, until we have completed our initial
obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement.

       4.     Article 19.11 (Consent to Jurisdiction) is amended to provide that you may bring a
lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law.

        5.     The two paragraphs immediately preceding the “[FRANCHISEE]” signature block
of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

       6.     Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law
must be brought within three years after the date of the Franchise Agreement.

         7.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

       8.      Pursuant to COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition of
renewal, assignment or transfer will not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure law.




                                          M-1                        PLANET FITNESS®
