Table of Contents
                                                          Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



for sale” accounting criteria as of the acquisition date of October 20, 2023. On December 28, 2023, the Company completed the sale of the five clubs to Planet
Fitmex, LLC in exchange for an equity interest in Planet Fitmex, LLC valued at $17,000.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the operating results, comprehensive income and cash flows associated with discontinued operations was not material
and thus were not presented separately in the consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, or consolidated
statements of cash flows, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, there were no assets held for sale nor liabilities held for sale on the consolidated balance
sheets as a result of the sale of the five clubs to Planet Fitmex. The sale of the five clubs did not result in any significant gain or loss recorded in the
consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023.
The Company is not currently aware of any other legal proceedings or claims that it believes will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on the Company’s financial position or result of operations.
(b) Purchase commitments
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had advertising purchase commitments of approximately $68,803, including commitments made by the NAFs. In
addition, the Company had open purchase orders of approximately $15,591 primarily related to equipment to be sold to franchisees.
(c) Guarantees
The Company historically guaranteed lease agreements for certain franchisees and in 2019, in connection with a real estate partnership, the Company began
guaranteeing certain leases of its franchisees up to a maximum period of 10 years, with earlier expiration dates if certain conditions are met. The Company’s
maximum obligation, as a result of its guarantees of leases, is approximately $4,487 and $5,215 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and would
only require payment upon default by the primary obligor. The Company has determined the fair value of these guarantees at inception is not material, and as
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no accrual has been recorded for the Company’s potential obligation under its guaranty arrangement.

(18) Retirement plan
The Company maintains a 401(k) deferred tax savings plan (the Plan) for eligible employees. The Plan provides for the Company to make an employer
matching contribution currently equal to 100% of employee deferrals up to a maximum of 4% of each eligible participating employees’ wages. Total employer
matching contributions expensed in the consolidated statements of operations were approximately $1,501, $1,370, and $1,123 for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

(19) Segments
The Company has three reportable segments: (i) Franchise; (ii) Corporate-owned clubs; and (iii) Equipment.
The Company’s operations are organized and managed by type of products and services and segment information is reported accordingly. The Company’s chief
operating decision maker (the “CODM”) is its Chief Executive Officer. The CODM reviews financial performance and allocates resources by reportable
segment. There have been no operating segments aggregated to arrive at the Company’s reportable segments. Revenues for all operating segments include only
transactions with unaffiliated customers and include no intersegment revenues. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those
described in Note 2.
The Franchise segment includes operations related to the Company’s franchising business in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Panama, Mexico and
Australia. The Company records all revenues and expenses of the NAFs within the franchise segment. The Corporate-owned clubs segment includes operations
with respect to all Corporate-owned clubs throughout the United States, Canada, and Spain. The Equipment segment includes the sale of equipment to
franchisee-owned clubs.
The CODM evaluates the performance of the Company’s reportable segments based on revenue and Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment Adjusted EBITDA
is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain non-cash and other items that the CODM does not
consider in her evaluation of ongoing performance of the segment’s core operations. The CODM utilizes Segment Adjusted EBITDA when making decisions
about allocating resources to the segments as well to assess the performance for each segment by comparing the results of each segment and in the
compensation of certain employees. No asset information has been provided for these reportable segments as the CODM does not regularly review asset
information by reportable segment.



                                                                               98
