3; (III) any credit for payments made directly to the Client; (IV) amounts owing to Franchisor; and (V) any service or late charge,
cancellation fee, or other charge or amount due from Client to ABC pursuant to this Agreement, or any other agreement between
Client and ABC or any policy established by ABC from time to time. Client may also request an early deposit of Available Collected
Funds any business day of the month. Available Collected funds shall mean the amount of funds actually collected and received by
ABC from members on behalf of Client pursuant to membership agreements, or any other agreement serviced by ABC under this
Billing Service Agreement, net of ABC’s projected billing fees and applicable administrative fees for such early deposit and net of
projected charge backs and refunds. ABC will use its reasonable best efforts to post Available Collected Funds to Client’s account
one business day after their actual receipt. No later than end of month, ABC will provide Client with a reconciliation statement setting
for in reasonable detail the gross total membership agreement payments and the amount of and nature of any deductions from such
gross amount (“Reconciliation Statement”). Client may dispute in good faith any deduction from the membership agreement payments
by notifying ABC in writing and describing, in reasonable detail, the basis for such dispute. Client and ABC shall diligently pursue an
expedited resolution of such dispute. If Client fails to dispute a Reconciliation Statement within ninety (90) days of receipt it shall be
deemed to have waived its right to dispute the Reconciliation Statement.
       5. Only current membership agreements will be acceptable membership agreements under this Agreement. If, in the sole
discretion of ABC, a past due account becomes uncollectible, the Client will be responsible for further collection of said account and
ABC shall be released from any further responsibility with respect to such membership agreement.
      6. The Client may cancel the membership agreement of any member, and such membership agreement will be removed from
the active list and the Client will be notified. Cancellations will not be accepted from individual members, only from the Client itself,
unless prior authorization is received from Client.
       7. Either party may cancel this Agreement by giving the other party ninety (90) days written notice. In addition, if the Client is
not in default with respect to any obligations it owes to ABC or its affiliates under this or any other Agreement, it may unilaterally
convert the service provided by ABC from “Full Service” to “Processing Plus” by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice
to ABC. ABC shall provide such “Processing Plus” service for the cost and with the benefits generally applicable to customers of
comparable size as the Client.
       8. The Client shall pay any and all federal, state or local excise, sales or use taxes or similar taxes imposed in respect to all
membership agreements serviced by ABC for the Client under this Agreement, or the services involved with respect to such
membership agreements (“Taxes”), and complete and file all required tax reports related thereto, all in a timely manner, and hereby
agrees to indemnify and hold ABC, its officers, directors, shareholders and employees harmless from any loss, including attorneys’
fees, resulting from its failure to do so.
       9. If ABC is required to withhold or pay any of the foregoing said Taxes, or if the Client ever becomes liable to ABC for any
sums or losses, the amount so paid by ABC for said Taxes and any sums expended or losses incurred by ABC for which the Client is
responsible to indemnify ABC, will be deducted from all money collected, held or controlled by ABC under any existing agreements
between ABC and the Client, including, but not limited to, this Agreement and any billing and/or collection agreements, and further
including, but not limited to, any such money held in any account or accounts of the Client held or set up by ABC related to same, as
well as from any collections and/or funds held or controlled by ABC for the benefit of the Client related to same. In the event the
amounts are not satisfied, any remaining amounts owed will be due and payable to ABC by the Client within three (3) of receipt of
ABC’s written notice of the claim and request for payment to the Client by ABC.
        10. The Client hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold ABC, its officers, directors, shareholders, agents, contractors and
employees harmless from any liability, claim, loss and expense, including attorneys’ fees, resulting from its failure to perform its
obligations in this Agreement or from its actions or omissions in connection with the operation of its club facilities, including, without
limit, the failure to comply with any applicable federal, state or local laws, rules, regulations or ordinances. ABC shall defend, indemnify
and hold Client, its affiliates, clients and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, managers, partners, legal
representatives, successors and assigns (the “Client Group”) harmless of, from and against any and all claims, losses, demands,
damages, actions, suits, liabilities, fines, penalties, settlements and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and litigation costs (collectively
“Claims”), whether direct or indirect, incidental, consequential, or otherwise, arising out of or relating to: (a) any claim of violation of
any federal “no call” list or the Telephone Consumer Protection Act or failure to comply with any other applicable federal laws, rules
or regulations or any state or local laws, rules, regulations or ordinances, (b) ABC’s breach, default or failure to comply with any terms
of this Agreement, or any other agreement between ABC and Client, and (c) ABC’s negligence or intentional misconduct but excluding
any liability for Claims arising out of or caused solely by the Client Group’s own breach of the Agreement or any applicable law or its
own negligence or intentional misconduct. Client agrees that if it becomes aware of any potential violation of any applicable law by
ABC, it shall promptly notify ABC in writing. The foregoing provision shall not obligate Client to conduct any affirmative research into
ABC’s compliance with such laws but only to notify ABC of non-compliance of which it becomes aware in the ordinary conduct of its
business.
     11. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New Hampshire. Any litigation brought hereunder shall be
brought only in a state or federal court of general jurisdiction in Pulaski County, Arkansas.
      12. By executing this Agreement, the undersigned agrees to be bound by the Addendum to Billing Services Agreement attached
hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.
