FITNESS facility you open under the Area Development Agreement, which form of Franchise
Agreement may contain materially different terms and conditions than the Franchise Agreement
attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “C”.

        If (1) you or your affiliates are a party to a prior Franchise Agreement or Area Development
Agreement with us, and (2) you want to sign a new Franchise Agreement with us (not under an
existing Area Development Agreement with us) or a new Area Development Agreement with us,
we may require you to sign a general release in the form attached as Exhibit “J”, releasing any
claims arising from your prior agreements as a condition of us granting new franchise or
development rights to you.

Market and Competition

         The services and ancillary merchandise offered by a PLANET FITNESS franchise are
intended primarily for the general public. We have designed our services and ancillary
merchandise to appeal to a health-conscious consumer who appreciates a low-pressure judgement-
free fitness environment. You will have to compete with other businesses offering similar products
and services, including other fitness facilities, gyms, health-related establishments, sports
complexes, and businesses offering home fitness equipment, other fitness products or digital
fitness content. Your competition may include other businesses that we or our affiliates may
franchise or operate, as noted in Item 12. The services and ancillary merchandise our franchises
sell are well recognized by consumers and widely available from other sources. The market for
our franchisees’ goods and services is well developed. Typically, our services and ancillary
merchandise are sold to individuals and selling is not seasonal, though membership sales may
fluctuate throughout the year.

        The fitness industry is a highly competitive, fragmented and developed market, which can
be affected significantly by many factors, including changes in local, regional or national economic
conditions, changes in consumer spending and habits, and increases in the number of, and
particular locations of competing facilities. Various factors can adversely affect the fitness
industry, including inflation, increases in labor and energy costs, the availability and cost of
suitable sites, fluctuating interest and insurance rates, state and local regulations and licensing
requirements and the availability of employees.

Industry Specific Regulations

        You should consider that certain aspects of the fitness industry and other services offered
at PLANET FITNESS locations are regulated by federal, state and local laws, rules and
ordinances. Some states limit the length and terms of your membership contract, provide certain
customers rights, including the right to terminate the membership contract, and require you to
obtain a bond to protect pre-paid membership fees you collect. In some states, you may be required
to escrow or post a bond for any pre-opening membership fees you collect. In some states, you
may be required to post specific notices to your members regarding activities conducted in your
business, including tanning. Some states and municipalities may also have enacted laws requiring
fitness centers to have a staff person on the premises who is certified in basic cardiopulmonary
resuscitation, or has other specialized training. In addition, some states have laws requiring a
fitness center to have an automated external defibrillator and other first aid equipment on the

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 4
