                                       ADDENDUM TO
                                     PLANET FITNESS®
                               DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR THE
                                    STATE OF MARYLAND

        The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to Maryland statutes and
regulations. Item numbers correspond to those in the main body:

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

Item 5.

          Item 5 is supplemented by the addition of the following language:

          “We will defer collection from you of the Initial Franchise Fee and any other fees due to
          us from you before the opening of your Planet Fitness location, until we have completed
          our pre-opening obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement.

          We will defer collection from you of the Area Development Fee and any other fees due to
          us from you before the opening of your Planet Fitness area development business, until we
          have completed our pre-opening obligations to you under the Area Development
          Agreement. In addition, all Area Development Fees and initial payments by Area
          Developers shall be deferred until the first franchise under the Area Development
          Agreement opens.”

Item 8.

          Item 8 is supplemented by the addition of the following language:

          “Our affiliate, Planet Fitness Distribution LLC (“PF Equipment”), is the sole distributor of
          fitness equipment for your Business. PF Equipment’s costs for the equipment include the
          cost of salaries and commission payments, administrative costs and profit. We believe the
          amounts you pay PF Equipment for these products is approximately equal to or less than
          the prevailing market price you would pay if you purchased fitness equipment of a
          comparable quality (including with respect to extended warranties and unique branding
          applications) from a third-party.

          If PF Equipment is no longer able to provide you with fitness equipment, we will endeavor
          to provide such equipment through one or more alternate suppliers at comparable cost.”




                                             M-1                          PLANET FITNESS®
