                 shall constitute one and the same document. You consent and agree that: (i) we may provide and
                 maintain all disclosures, agreements, amendments, notices, and all other evidence of transactions
                 between us and you in electronic form, (ii) electronic copies of this Agreement and related
                 agreements between us and you are valid, (iii) you will not contest the validity of the originals or
                 copies of this Agreement and related agreements, absent proof of altered data or tampering, and (iv)
                 this Agreement and related agreements may be executed by electronic means and such execution is
                 legally binding and enforceable as an “electronic signature” and the legal equivalent of a
                 handwritten signature.

         19.20   ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. This Agreement together with any
                 exhibits, addenda and appendices hereto constitute the sole agreement between you and us with
                 respect to the entire subject matter of this Agreement and embody all prior agreements and
                 negotiations with respect to your BUSINESS authorized hereunder. There are no representations or
                 warranties of any kind, express or implied, except as contained herein or in the FDD provided to
                 you in connection with this Agreement. You also acknowledge that your status as a PLANET
                 FITNESS franchisee confers no right to be considered or preferred for any franchise or development
                 opportunity except with respect to your rights in the Franchise expressly provided hereunder. You
                 acknowledge that you received the FDD at least fourteen (14) days before you signed this agreement
                 or any other agreement with us or an Affiliate or paid us or an Affiliate any money. Except to the
                 extent we have negotiated changes to this Agreement that differ from the FDD, nothing in this
                 Agreement is intended to disclaim representations that were provided to you in the FDD.

         19.21   AMENDMENTS. Except with respect to address changes and updates to Appendix A as described
                 herein, the terms of this Agreement may not be amended or modified unless such amendment or
                 modification is (i) reduced to writing and signed by both you and us or (ii) both (a) approved, under
                 the Voting Procedures, by at least seventy percent (70%) of all United States franchised PLANET
                 FITNESS Businesses (excluding company-owned locations) and us and (b) applies equally to
                 similarly situated franchisees. In such event, at our option you shall promptly sign an amendment
                 to this Agreement reflecting such changes.

         19.22   AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT ADDENDUM. This Article 19.22 is only applicable
                 if you or your Affiliate have entered into an ADA with us, as referenced in Appendix F hereto. The
                 ADA entered into with us contains certain negotiated provisions which are intended to apply to, and
                 modify, future franchise agreements entered into between the parties. These negotiated provisions
                 are set forth in Appendix F. Therefore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
                 Agreement, to the extent any provision in Appendix F contradicts any provision in this Agreement,
                 or is in addition to any provision of this Agreement, Appendix F shall control to the extent of such
                 inconsistency or addition. Both we and you acknowledge and agree that Appendix F has been added
                 at the request and for the convenience and benefit of all parties and with advice from their counsel.

         19.23   TIME. Time is of the essence to this Agreement.

20.      NOTICES AND PAYMENTS. All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by the
         provisions of this Agreement or the Operations Manual to us must be addressed to the General Counsel at
         the most current principal business address of which you have been notified. All payments will be deemed
         delivered when received and will be deemed delivered by EFT or bank-wire transfer upon telephone or
         electronic confirmation with the receiving bank. All written notices and reports permitted or required to be
         delivered by the provisions of this Agreement to you shall be addressed to your Responsible Owner or
         Approved Operator at your most current principal business address of which we have been notified, or the
         mailing address listed for your Responsible Owner or Approved Operator as listed on Appendix A. We may
         deliver copies of notices hereunder to your Owners, landlord, lenders or other parties that have a right to
         receive copies thereof. We will exercise reasonable efforts to promptly notify you of any copies of notices
         delivered to third parties. Notices or reports will be deemed delivered:

                 (1)      at the time delivered by hand;




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 78                       PLANET FITNESS®
