       2.      offer to sell, or sell and distribute, inside and outside the Development Area, any
               products or services associated with the PLANET FITNESS system (now or in the
               future) or identified by the PLANET FITNESS Marks, or any other tradenames,
               trademarks or service marks, through any distribution channels or methods, which
               may include retail stores, wholesale, and the Internet (or any other existing or future
               form of electronic commerce);

       3.      operate, and grant to others the right to operate, fitness facilities, gyms, health
               related establishments, and any other business(es) whatsoever under tradenames,
               trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than the Trademarks, both inside
               and outside of the Development Area and pursuant to such terms and conditions as
               we deem appropriate, which may include locations in close proximity to your
               PLANET FITNESS location(s) and your Development Area;

       4.      develop or become associated with other concepts (including dual branding or other
               franchise systems), whether or not using the PLANET FITNESS System, brand
               or Trademarks, and award franchises under these other concepts or locations
               anywhere, including into the Development Area;

       5.      acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any transaction with
               other businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere or
               business conducted anywhere, including in the Development Area. These
               transactions may include arrangements involving competing businesses or outlets
               and dual branding or brand conversions. You must participate at your expense in
               any conversion as instructed by us; and

       6.      enter into agreements or arrangements with other companies or organizations by
               which we offer memberships or other products and services to the personnel,
               customers or members of such companies or organizations, which may be located
               inside or outside of the Development Area, on commercially reasonable terms.
               Such terms may include, but are not limited to, fees, pricing structures and
               reimbursement arrangements (including an administrative fee collected by us) that
               may be different from our then-current membership offerings. You must participate
               in and honor the terms of such partnerships upon being notified of them.

        If you acquire area development rights under an Area Development Agreement, you will
have a limited right of first refusal in the Development Area after the expiration or termination of
the Development Agreement. Specifically, if we are proposing or considering development in the
Development Area and if (1) you have fully complied with the Development Schedule in the Area
Development Agreement and all PLANET FITNESS businesses required by the Area
Development Agreement remain open and operating; (2) none of your or your affiliates’
agreements with us have been terminated by us; and (3) you and your affiliates are in substantial
compliance with all the terms and conditions of your and their Franchise Agreements, we will
provide you the right and option, to enter into a development agreement (and/or franchise
agreement, as appropriate) with us on the then-current terms (including fees) we are then offering
to new franchisees for our proposed additional development in the Development Area.


FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 57
