                 (9)      Releases. In connection with the closing of the sale, you and your Owners agree to execute
                          General Releases.

                 (10)     Operations. We may, but are not obligated to, assume operations of the BUSINESS as
                          provided under Article 15.6 hereof, from the date of the Purchase Notice until closing. You
                          must cooperate with and facilitate such assumption.

         16.14   CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS. All of our and your (and your Owners’ and Affiliates’)
                 obligations which expressly or by their nature survive the expiration or termination of this
                 Agreement will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding its expiration or
                 termination and until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire.

17.      SECURITIES OFFERINGS.

         17.1    SECURITIES OFFERINGS. Neither you nor any of your Owners may issue or sell, or offer to
                 issue or sell, any of your securities or any securities of any of your Affiliates, if (1) such securities
                 would be required to be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (2) such
                 securities would be owned by more than thirty five (35) persons; or (3) after such issuance or sale,
                 you or such Affiliate would be required to comply with the reporting and information requirements
                 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Other offers, issuances or sales by you or your
                 Owners of any of your securities or any securities of any of your Affiliates are subject to (1) our
                 prior consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and (2) your
                 compliance with all applicable laws and all of our requirements and restrictions concerning use of
                 information about us and our Affiliates. If such proposed offering is either (i) a customary employee
                 equity incentive or (ii) an equity issuance in connection with an additional capital contribution by
                 an existing Owner, our consent under this Article 17.1 will not be required (although such proposed
                 offering may be subject to Article 13 hereof). Any proposed private placement of your or of your
                 Affiliate’s securities must be approved by us. For any proposed securities offering approved in
                 principle by us, you shall submit to us for our prior review all materials required by applicable law
                 for the offering. No such materials shall be submitted to a government agency or to prospective
                 investors unless and until we have furnished our written approval. No offering materials shall imply,
                 by use of the Marks or otherwise, that we, our Affiliates, or our respective directors, officers,
                 employees, shareholders, or agents are participating as an underwriter, issuer, or offeror of securities
                 of either you or us, or that we have approved the offering prospectus or any other aspect of the
                 offering. Any review by us of the offering materials or the information included therein shall be
                 conducted solely for our benefit to determine their conformance with our internal policies, and not
                 to benefit or protect any other person. Such review by us does not constitute, nor shall you or anyone
                 acting on your behalf suggest that our review constitutes an approval, endorsement, acceptance, or
                 adoption of any representation, warranty, covenant, or projection contained in the materials
                 reviewed; and the offering documents shall include legends and statements, in the form and manner
                 specified by us, disclaiming our liability for, or involvement in, the transaction described in the
                 offering documents. You and other participants in the offering, must fully indemnify, defend and
                 hold harmless us, our Affiliates and our respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, and
                 agents from any and all losses and expenses that arise directly or indirectly from, as a result of, or
                 in connection with the offering. For any proposed offering, you shall reimburse our out-of-pocket
                 costs (including the costs of our legal and accounting advisors) to review the materials when
                 incurred. In addition, for any proposed offering that requires our consent under this Article 17.1, we
                 may require you to pay us a non-refundable fee of up to the lesser of (a) one percent (1%) of the
                 capital to be raised in the offering or (b) One Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($100,000), at the
                 time that you submit materials for review by us. Such fee may be charged only once to you and your
                 Affiliates per offering, and will not be charged on a per-Franchise Agreement basis. You shall give
                 us written notice at least ninety (90) days prior to the date of commencement of any offering or other
                 transaction covered by this Article 17.1. Any such offering may be subject to our right of first
                 refusal as provided in Article 13.8 hereof.




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 68                         PLANET FITNESS®
