         7.3   NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENTS AND CLAIMS. You agree to notify us immediately
               of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use of any Marks, or of any claim by any person
               of any rights in any Marks, and agree not to communicate with any person other than us, our
               attorneys and your attorneys in connection with any such infringement, challenge or claim. We have
               the right to take such action as we deem appropriate and the right to control exclusively any
               litigation, United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) proceeding or any other
               administrative proceeding arising out of any such infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise
               relating to any Marks. You agree to sign any and all instruments and documents, render such
               assistance and do such acts and things as, in the opinion of our attorneys, may be necessary or
               advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation or USPTO proceeding or other
               proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our interests in the Marks.

         7.4   DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF MARKS. If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or
               you to modify or discontinue the use of any Marks and/or use one or more additional or substitute
               trademarks or service marks, you agree to comply with our directions within a reasonable time after
               receiving notice thereof. We will not be obligated to reimburse you for any expenses or loss of
               revenue attributable to any modified or discontinued Marks or for any expenditures you make to
               promote a modified or substitute trademark or service mark.

         7.5   INDEMNIFICATION OF FRANCHISEE. We agree to indemnify you against, and to reimburse
               you for, all damages for which you are held liable in any proceeding arising out of your authorized
               use of any Mark pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement and, except as provided herein,
               for all costs you reasonably incur in defending any such claim brought against you, provided that
               (i) you have timely notified us of such claim and (ii) you and your Affiliates are in compliance with
               this Agreement and all other agreements entered into with us or any of our Affiliates. We are entitled
               to prosecute, defend and/or settle any proceeding arising out of your use of any Mark pursuant to
               this Agreement and, if we undertake to prosecute, defend and/or settle any such matter, we have no
               obligation to indemnify or reimburse you for any fees or disbursements of any legal counsel retained
               by you.

8.       CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

         8.1   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. We possess (and will continue to develop and acquire), and
               may disclose to you, certain confidential information (the “Confidential Information”) relating to
               the development and operation of PLANET FITNESS Businesses, which may include (without
               limitation):

               (1)      location selection criteria, location analytics, and plans and specifications for the
                        development of PLANET FITNESS Businesses;

               (2)      methods, formats, specifications, standards, systems, procedures, the System, Methods of
                        Operation, the Operations Manual, any other proprietary materials, and knowledge of and
                        experience in developing and operating PLANET FITNESS Businesses;

               (3)      sales, marketing and advertising programs and techniques for PLANET FITNESS
                        Businesses;

               (4)      specifications and pricing for and suppliers of certain fixtures, furnishings, equipment,
                        products, materials and supplies;

               (5)      operating results and financial performance of PLANET FITNESS Businesses other than
                        the BUSINESS;

               (6)      proprietary information, benchmarking and analytics we (or a third-party we authorize)
                        may share with you related to PLANET FITNESS Businesses other than the BUSINESS;




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 21                       PLANET FITNESS®
