Note 3         Interest begins from the date any payment is due, if not timely paid.

Note 4         You must periodically re-equip your facilities pursuant to our plans and
               specifications as we deem necessary upon inspection. For most clubs, we may
               require you to replace: (a) all cardio equipment not more often than once every 6
               years, and (b) all other fitness equipment not more often than once every 8 years.
               For low-use clubs, we may require you to replace: (a) all cardio equipment not more
               often than once every 7 years, and (b) all other fitness equipment not more often
               than once every 9 years. For high-use clubs, we may require you to replace: (a) all
               cardio equipment not more often than once every 5 years, and (b) all other fitness
               equipment not more often than once every 7 years. We will determine what
               category of use your Business is in. For example, high-use businesses are those in
               the highest 15% of PLANET FITNESS businesses and low-use businesses are
               those in the lowest 15% of PLANET FITNESS businesses, in all cases as
               determined by our usage calculations.

               In addition, we may require you to replace each item of amenity equipment as we
               may reasonably determine. We estimate the total costs to re-equip your facility with
               both cardio equipment and all other fitness equipment will range from $363,000 to
               $1,137,000 every 5 to 9 years, payable to our affiliate. Your actual costs may be
               higher or lower depending on the size of your PLANET FITNESS business, the
               volume and usage of your members, or changes in the market.

               We will advise you approximately 6 months before requiring any substantial
               replacement of your exercise or other equipment. If we require you to substantially
               remodel or replace your exercise or other equipment in the last 2 years of the initial
               term of the Franchise Agreement and you comply with our requirements, we will
               not require a substantial remodel or equipment replacement as a condition of
               obtaining a successor franchise agreement. If you have upgraded your fitness and
               amenity equipment during the term of the Franchise Agreement and have notified
               us that you do not intend to acquire a successor franchise, and meet certain other
               conditions, we will not require you to replace equipment or remodel substantially
               in the last 2 years of the Franchise Agreement.

               We may also require you to occasionally add or replace a limited quantity of select
               equipment in connection with updates to the System or to comply with legal
               requirements.

Note 5         In addition to re-equipping your facility, you must periodically upgrade and/or
               remodel your physical premises as we deem necessary upon inspection, or
               otherwise require. However, with the exception of signage, we will not require
               substantial remodeling more often than every 12 years during the term of the
               franchise agreement.

               We estimate the costs to upgrade and/or remodel your facility will range from
               $250,000 to $1,200,000 every 12 years but will depend upon the costs of equipment
               and construction services at the time of the upgrade or remodel. Your actual costs

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 22
