                with any advertising policies we adopt from time to time which may prohibit you from advertising
                a price for a product or service that is different from our suggested retail price.

         9.11   MEMBER DUES POLICIES. All rates, discounts, and promotions (including, for example, your
                participation in your corporate partnerships) are subject to our prior written approval, to the extent
                permitted by applicable law. Our review and approval of your rates, discounts and promotions is to
                ensure that they meet our standards. It is not intended to assess compliance with applicable law,
                which is your sole responsibility. We reserve the right to charge an amount equivalent to the Royalty
                applicable to your EFT Dues Draft, for all memberships not included in the EFT Dues Draft, which
                amount shall be payable in the manner we determine. The foregoing sentence is not intended to
                cover enrollment fees or prorated fees for memberships with monthly and annual fees included in
                the EFT Dues Draft. You may only market paid-in-full memberships through programs or
                promotions that we authorize.

         9.12   RECIPROCAL MEMBERSHIP. You must participate fully in any reciprocal access program
                (currently the Black Card program and Pre-Sale access program, as we may modify from time to
                time) and/or customer loyalty program(s) we may establish, in accordance with the policies and
                procedures set forth in the Operations Manual, through communications from us and as modified
                from time to time. You agree and acknowledge that for any reciprocal usage by PLANET FITNESS
                members of other franchisees, us or our Affiliates or when a person redeems any membership
                benefits or other customer loyalty program benefits at your BUSINESS, you are not entitled to
                reimbursement for membership fees or the cost of goods or services provided to the member as a
                reciprocal access member or under any customer loyalty program and that your BUSINESS benefits
                from this arrangement. Currently, (a) reciprocal access members of other PLANET FITNESS
                Businesses each have access to your BUSINESS up to ten (10) times per month and your reciprocal
                access members will each have access to other PLANET FITNESS Businesses up to ten (10) times
                per month and (b) all members of other nearby PLANET FITNESS Businesses in Pre-Sale will
                have full access to your BUSINESS during Pre-Sale and your members will have full access to other
                nearby PLANET FITNESS Businesses during your Pre-Sale. Subject to applicable law, we reserve
                the right to require you to charge a maximum or minimum day fee to reciprocal access members of
                other PLANET FITNESS Businesses visiting a PLANET FITNESS Business outside of the
                country in which such member’s home is located.

         9.13   MEMBER TRANSFER POLICY AND COMPETITOR ACQUISITION. You agree to comply
                with the member transfer policy as we establish from time to time. You acknowledge and agree that
                upon a transfer, the member’s ongoing monthly dues and annual fees shall be transferred to the new
                location. If a membership is prepaid and is permitted to transfer pursuant to the member transfer
                policy, you agree to service the remaining prepaid term without compensation to you. Any
                acquisition of a Competitive Business (to convert to a PLANET FITNESS Business) or of
                membership lists or a group of members from a Competitive Business must be executed in
                accordance with the policies and procedures for the acquisitions of Competitive Businesses we may
                reasonably require and as set forth in the Operations Manual. You must ensure that any transfer of
                a membership to the BUSINESS is done in accordance with applicable law.

         9.14   DATA SECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY.

                     (1)       Data Events. You shall use your best efforts to protect your customers and the
                               System, including your members, against a cyber-event including, without limitation,
                               a data breach or other identity theft or theft, misuse, unauthorized access, or improper
                               handling of personal or healthcare information (collectively, a “Data Event”). If you
                               become aware that it is reasonably likely that a Data Event has occurred, regardless
                               of whether such event affects only the BUSINESS, in addition to any obligations you
                               may have under applicable law, you shall (i) notify us as soon as possible and, in any
                               event, no later than within twenty-four (24) hours of becoming aware that it is
                               reasonably likely that a Data Event has occurred and (ii) promptly investigate the
                               Data Event and remediate the source of any compromise or security breach at your




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 31                        PLANET FITNESS®
