reimbursement of our actual costs and expenses incurred in the approval process and on-going
monitoring of the supplier’s compliance with our requirements, not to exceed $25,000. In
evaluating a proposed supplier, we may consider a variety of factors including, the prospective
supplier’s: (a) ability to meet our standards and specifications, (b) standards of service, (c) capacity
to provide adequate and timely supply, (d) commercial reputation, (e) pricing and shipping costs,
(f) data security and privacy policies and practices, (g) relationships, if any, with any Competitive
Business, and (h) willingness to enter into a supply agreement acceptable to us. We will generally
notify you of our approval or disapproval within 45 days of our receipt of all the information and
samples we request. If we revoke approval of any supplier or any item offered by a supplier, we
will send you written notice of our revocation of an approved supplier or item. You must exercise
commercially reasonable efforts to terminate your relationship with a disapproved supplier.

        We may impose obligations on approved suppliers, which will be incorporated in a written
license agreement with the supplier. We do not act as an agent, representative or in any other
intermediary or fiduciary capacity for you in our relationship with an alternative supplier you
propose and we approve. We may monitor the quality of services provided by approved suppliers
in a manner we deem appropriate and may terminate any supplier who does not meet our quality
standards and specifications. Although we cannot guarantee any specific arrangements, we attempt
to negotiate purchase arrangements with third-party suppliers (including price terms) for the
benefit of PLANET FITNESS businesses. We do not warrant the products and services of
suppliers.

       We do not provide material benefits (for example renewal or additional franchises) to a
franchisee based on their use of designated or approved suppliers. When your franchise is up for
renewal or if you apply for an additional franchise, among the factors we consider are your
compliance with your Franchise Agreement and support of our programs and policies, which
would include compliance with the requirements described in this Item 8.

        We and our affiliates reserve the right to receive commissions or other consideration from
suppliers in connection with your purchase of goods, products and services (“Vendor Revenue”).
However, if your Franchise Agreement contains a Royalty of at least 7%, or you are contractually
entitled to a Royalty of less than 7% but have agreed to an additional Royalty of 1.59%, then we
and our affiliates will limit our collection of Vendor Revenue to the following permitted categories
(“Permitted Categories”): (i) the sale and placement of fitness equipment; (ii) goods, products and
services sold directly to you by a vendor in which we have a material ownership interest, if the
goods, products and services are sold to you at or below fair market value and the margins are
reasonable; or (iii) goods, products and services which are directly revenue-generating to your
PLANET FITNESS business (i.e., not giveaway goods, products or services for which no
incremental revenue may be earned by you) and you are not otherwise required to pay a Royalty
on the revenue directly generated from the goods, products or services. Despite these limitations,
we may earn Vendor Revenue outside of these Permitted Categories if all of the Vendor Revenue
outside of the Permitted Categories is contributed directly to the NAF (“NAF Contribution”), so
long as (i) the NAF Contribution is not derived from otherwise available price reductions on such
goods, products or services (e.g., vendor offers marketing funds to us but is unable or unwilling to
further reduce price), or (ii) we determine that the price reductions on such goods, products or
services on a per PLANET FITNESS business basis are insignificant. We will consult with the


FDD – September 2025                                                               PLANET FITNESS®
                                                  31
