                                   AMENDMENT TO
                                  PLANET FITNESS®
                             FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR THE
                                 STATE OF CALIFORNIA

        Notwithstanding anything which may be contained in the body of the Franchise Agreement
to the contrary, the Franchise Agreement is amended to include the following:

      1.      The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends
beyond the term of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

       2.      The Franchise Agreement requires the application of the laws of New Hampshire.
This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

        3.     The Franchise Agreement gives us the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement
in the event of Franchisee’s bankruptcy. This provision may not be enforceable under federal
bankruptcy laws (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq.).

        4.      Any and all provisions of the Franchise Agreement that provide for periods of
notice less than those required by California law, or provide for transfer, termination, cancellation,
nonrenewal, or the like other than in accordance with California law, shall, to the extent such are
not in accordance with California law, be superseded by said law.

        5.     Article 1.2 of the Franchise Agreement (Acknowledgments) shall be deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following language:

               You acknowledge that, in all of their dealings with you, our officers,
               directors, employees and agents act only in a representative, and not in an
               individual, capacity. All business dealing between you and such persons as
               a result of this Agreement are solely between you and us.

        6.    The second to last sentence of Article 4.1 of the Franchise Agreement (Location
Selection and Approval) is hereby deleted in its entirety.

        7.     The two paragraphs immediately preceding the “[FRANCHISEE]” signature block
of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

         8.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

        9.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law
and California Franchise Relations Act are met independently without reference to this
Amendment.


                                            M-1                           PLANET FITNESS®
