       2.      offer to sell, or sell and distribute, any products or services under any tradenames,
               trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through any
               distribution channels or methods, which may include retail stores, wholesale, and
               the Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce);

       3.      operate, and grant to others the right to operate, fitness facilities, gyms, health
               related establishments and any other business(es) whatsoever under trademarks,
               service marks or trade dress, other than the Marks, under terms and conditions we
               deem appropriate which may include locations in close proximity to your PLANET
               FITNESS location;

       4.      develop or become associated with other concepts (including dual branding or other
               franchise systems), whether or not using the PLANET FITNESS System, brand
               or the Marks, and award franchises under these other concepts for locations
               anywhere;

       5.      acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any transaction with
               other businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere or
               business conducted anywhere. These transactions may include arrangements
               involving competing businesses or outlets and dual branding or brand conversions.
               These transactions are expressly permitted under the Franchise Agreement, and you
               must participate at your expense in any conversions as instructed by us; and

       6.      enter into agreements or arrangements with other companies or organizations by
               which we offer memberships or other products and services to the personnel,
               customers or members of these companies or organizations on commercially
               reasonable terms. Such terms may include, but are not limited to, fees, pricing
               structures and reimbursement arrangements (including an administrative fee
               collected by us) that may be different from our then-current membership offerings.
               You must participate in and honor the terms of such partnerships upon being
               notified of them.

        Because you are not granted a territory, we will not pay you any compensation for soliciting
or accepting orders in any specific territory and there are no restrictions on soliciting or accepting
orders outside any specific territory. You may use the Internet, or other direct marketing to solicit
new members, but only as permitted by law and our approved marketing methods as described in
the Operations Manual and other System communications. You may not use the Internet, catalog
sales or other direct marketing for the sale of PLANET FITNESS branded merchandise or any
products or services other than memberships to your fitness facility. In addition, you may not use,
reference or promote the PLANET FITNESS Marks or System, without our consent, in
connection with any form of social media. Any approved use must comply with our policies. You
are not authorized to grant any third party permission to use the Marks.

       Area Development Agreement

      If you are qualified and choose to acquire area development rights under an Area
Development Agreement, we may grant you the right to develop one or more facilities in a


FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 54
