                             price), or (ii) we determine, in our commercially reasonably discretion, that the price
                             reductions on such goods, products or services on a per PLANET FITNESS
                             Business basis are de minimis. We will consult with the recognized franchisee
                             association (or the appropriate subcommittee thereof) and seek their input in advance
                             in the event that we are offered a NAF Contribution pursuant to subclause (i) or (ii)
                             above.

         5.9   EFT AUTHORIZATION. You hereby authorize us to withdraw via EFT or any other manner we
               prescribe the amounts owed described in Articles 4.4, 5.2, 5.3, 5.6, 5.7, 9.3, 9.4, 9.11, 10.1, 10.2,
               10.3, 10.4(1), and 15.5(2) hereof from (1) the EFT Dues Draft, as collected and settled by your
               payment processor or by such other means as we may specify and/or (2) your Designated Account,
               as described by such identifying information that you provide in response to our request. You shall
               execute such documents as we require from time to time for such purpose.

6.       TRAINING, ASSISTANCE, AND OPERATIONS MANUAL.

         6.1   TRAINING. Before the BUSINESS begins operating, we will furnish initial training on the
               operation of a PLANET FITNESS Business (“Initial Training”) to you (or, if you are an Entity,
               your Responsible Owner and Approved Operator), and up to two (2) additional Owners or managers
               you elect to enroll in the training program, that we approve at no additional charge to you. Initial
               Training consists of a minimum of two (2) working days of training for you (or your Responsible
               Owner and Approved Operator), and your Owners or managers to be furnished at our training
               location or at an operating PLANET FITNESS Business. You (or your Responsible Owner and
               Approved Operator), and your Owners or managers are required to complete Initial Training to our
               satisfaction. If you are an existing franchisee and you have previously completed Initial Training,
               you will not be required to attend Initial Training again, however, we may require that certain of
               your management-level employees and that any new general manager complete Initial Training.
               You also must participate in all other activities required to operate the BUSINESS. You will be
               responsible for all travel and living expenses and compensation which you (or your Responsible
               Owner and Approved Operator) and your Owners and managers incur in connection with Initial
               Training. Your failure (or the failure of your Responsible Owner, Approved Operator or any other
               person we require pursuant to this Section) to complete Initial Training to our satisfaction within
               ninety (90) days after signing this Agreement (but in any event before the BUSINESS opens)
               constitutes a material breach of this Agreement and, if you do not cure this breach, we may terminate
               this Agreement and retain all amounts you have paid to us. At our option, we may have vendors or
               other designees provide certain training to you.

         6.2   REFRESHER TRAINING. We may require you (or your Responsible Owner and Approved
               Operator) and/or previously trained and experienced management-level employees to attend
               periodic refresher training courses at such times and locations that we designate, and we may charge
               reasonable fees for such courses. We also may require you to pay us fees for training additional
               employees or new employees hired after your BUSINESS commences operations.

         6.3   GENERAL GUIDANCE. We may advise you from time to time regarding operating issues
               concerning the BUSINESS. Such guidance may be furnished in our Operations Manual, bulletins,
               newsletters, emails or other written materials and/or during telephone consultations and/or
               consultations at our office or the BUSINESS. In addition, we may furnish guidance to you with
               respect to:

               (1)      standards, specifications and operating procedures and methods utilized by the
                        BUSINESS;

               (2)      purchasing required fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs, products, materials and
                        supplies;

               (3)      advertising and marketing programs;




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 18                       PLANET FITNESS®
