       You must follow our operating procedures when you use the Marks. You cannot use the
Marks or any other of our trademarks as part of your corporate name. You may not use the Marks
to advertise the sale of your franchise.

       The Operations Manual and Brand Use Guidelines identify the Marks you are licensed to
use and the conditions and limitations of your licensed use. We may change the licensed Marks
periodically. Your use of the Marks and any goodwill is to our and our affiliates’ exclusive benefit
and does not grant you any ownership rights in the Marks. You also retain no rights in or to the
Marks upon termination or expiration of your Franchise Agreement. Upon termination of your
Franchise Agreement, you must cease all use of the Marks and fully de-brand in compliance with
the Franchise Agreement. This includes removal of trade dress from club locations and equipment,
such as flooring, wall colors, and equipment piping colors. You are not permitted to make any
changes or substitutions to the Marks, or use any Mark with any other materials to create a
combination mark, except as we direct in writing.

       There are no currently effective material determinations of the Patent and Trademark
Office or Trademark Trial and Appeal Board. There are no pending infringements, oppositions or
cancellations concerning the principal trademarks. There is no pending material litigation
involving the principal trademarks.

        We own the principal trademarks. We have no actual knowledge of either superior prior
rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the principal trademarks in the
state where your PLANET FITNESS franchise may be located. No agreements currently exist
that significantly limit our rights to use or license the principal Marks in a manner material to the
franchise.

       If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or you to modify or discontinue use of any
Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute trademarks, service marks or trade dress, you
must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after notice. You must bear all costs and
expenses applicable to your PLANET FITNESS business should we decide to modify the Marks
or adopt new marks. We will have no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to any required
modification or discontinuance of any Mark or the promotion of a substitute trademark, service
mark or trade dress.

        You must immediately notify us of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use
of any Mark, or claim by any person of any rights to any Mark, and you must not communicate
with any person other than your legal counsel, us, and our respective legal counsel in connection
with any infringement, challenge or claim. We or our affiliate(s) may take any action deemed
appropriate and will have the right to control exclusively any litigation or PTO or other
administrative proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating
to any Mark. You must sign any instruments and documents, provide assistance and do all acts
and things as, in the opinion of our legal counsel, may be necessary or advisable to protect our or
our affiliate(s)’ interests in any litigation or PTO or other administrative proceeding or otherwise
to protect its interests in the Marks.

        We will indemnify you against, and reimburse you for, all damages for which you are held
liable in any proceeding arising out of your authorized use of any Mark under the Franchise

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 61
