Table of Contents




                                                 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

Planet Fitness, Inc.:

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Planet Fitness, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedules, Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (collectively, the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 25, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue
As discussed in Notes 2(e) and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue is derived from various revenue streams within the Company’s franchise,
equipment, and corporate-owned clubs reportable segments. The Company’s processes and related information technology (IT) systems used to record revenue
differ for certain of these revenue streams. The Company recorded $1,182 million of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024.

We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. This required a high degree of auditor judgment due to
the number of revenue streams and IT systems involved in the revenue recognition processes, including determining the revenue streams over which
procedures were to be performed and evaluating the nature and extent of evidence obtained over the individual revenue streams as well as revenue in the
aggregate. It also included the involvement of IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in the performance of certain procedures.




                                                                               61
