Operations Manual

        We will provide you with a copy of our Operations Manual, or on-line access to a copy of
our Operations Manual, which is a collection of materials that describe our Methods of Operations,
pursuant to a specific timeline. As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, our
Operations Manual contains a total of 120 pages. In addition, our Operations Manual includes
alternative or supplemental means of communicating such information by other media which
specifically reference that they are to be considered part of the Operations Manual, including
bulletins, e-mails, newsletters, audio and video files, items posted online using the designated
franchise portal, and or other electronic media. Our Operations Manual contains proprietary
information that you must keep confidential, as stated in Item 14 of this Disclosure Document.
The table of contents to the collection of materials that comprises the Operations Manual is
attached as Exhibit “L”.

                                             ITEM 12
                                           TERRITORY

       You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
that we control.

       Franchise Agreement

        The Franchise Agreement grants to you the right to own and operate a single PLANET
FITNESS business at a specific location. You may not conduct the business of your PLANET
FITNESS business at any site other than the approved premises, or relocate your PLANET
FITNESS business without receiving our prior written consent and meeting our relocation
requirements. Relocation will be approved if the proposed site meets our then-current site
selection criteria, which include such factors as the general location and neighborhood,
demographic information, traffic patterns, access, visibility, location of other competing facilities,
size, configuration, appearance, and other physical characteristics of the site. The Franchise
Agreement does not provide you with any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire
additional franchises, or any protected territory. If we approve the relocation of your PLANET
FITNESS business, you must develop a marketing plan for the relocation, which may cover the
Relocation Period (see Item 11). We may require you to spend up to $30,000 per every 30 days
during the Relocation Period in accordance with your relocation marketing plan. Compliant
relocation marketing expenditures will count towards your LAF expenditure requirement.

        We do not grant you a protected area, designated territory, or any other rights of protection
under your Franchise Agreement. As such, we retain and have the full use, without limitation, of
all of our rights with respect to the Marks, the System and PLANET FITNESS businesses
anywhere in the world, including the right to, without compensation to you:

       1.      operate, and grant others the right to operate, PLANET FITNESS businesses and
               other marks, systems or businesses at locations and on terms and conditions we
               deem appropriate;



FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 53
