Table of Contents
                                                           Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                             Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                                                (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)




(b) Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on management’s knowledge of current events
and actions it may undertake in the future, they may ultimately differ from actual results. Significant areas where estimates and judgments are relied upon by
management in the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, valuation of equity-based compensation
awards, valuation of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, the evaluation of the recoverability of goodwill and long-lived assets, including
intangible assets, allowance for expected credit losses, the present value of lease liabilities, income taxes, including deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the
liability for the Company’s tax benefit arrangements.

(c) Fair Value
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation
hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Categorization within the valuation
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels are defined as follows:
Level 1—Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2—Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
Level 3—Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
Certain of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses
and other current liabilities are carried at cost, which approximates their fair value because of their short-term nature. See Note 3 for investments that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and Note 5 for liabilities held at carrying value on the consolidated balance sheet.
(d) Reclassification
Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

(e) Recent accounting pronouncements

The FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, in December 2023. The standard requires disaggregated information about a
reporting entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more
detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions and applies to all entities subject to income taxes. The new standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption on our financial disclosures.

The FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, in November 2024. The standard requires disaggregated disclosures in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements of certain expense categories that are included in expense line items on the face of the income statement. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 on a prospective basis with the option to apply it retrospectively, and for interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption on our
financial disclosures.
(3) Investments
Marketable securities
The following tables summarize the amortized cost, net unrealized gains and losses, fair value, and the level in the fair value hierarchy of the Company’s
available-for-sale investments in marketable securities. As of March 31, 2025, the marketable securities had maturity dates that range from less than one month
to approximately 24 months. Realized gains and losses were insignificant for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                 11
