               may also be higher or lower depending on the size and location of your PLANET
               FITNESS business. We will advise you about 6 months before requiring any
               substantial remodeling. If the general state of repair, appearance or cleanliness of
               your franchise, or its fixtures, non-fitness equipment, furniture, or signs does not
               meet our standards and if, after notice, you fail or refuse to initiate or maintain a
               program to complete the required maintenance, we may enter the franchise location
               and do the maintenance on your behalf and at your expense. We may also require
               you to upgrade or remodel your premises at any time to comply with applicable law
               or to satisfy safety or security standards at the business, as a condition to granting
               a successor franchise agreement or, under certain circumstances, in connection with
               a transfer of the business.

Note 6         We may also require you to remodel your facility and/or replace, remove or add
               equipment in the future in advance of the timelines described in Notes 4 and 5 by
               gaining an approval vote by either (i) 66% of all then existing U.S. company-owned
               and franchised PLANET FITNESS businesses, or (ii) 51% of all then existing U.S.
               franchised PLANET FITNESS businesses.

Note 7         We have the right to increase the amounts you pay to the NAF upon notice to you,
               but they may not exceed 3% of the EFT Dues Draft for the calendar year. If we
               adjust the annual NAF requirement, we may make corresponding adjustments to
               the monthly NAF and LAF requirements. Your combined LAF and NAF
               requirements will not exceed 9% of the EFT Dues Draft.

               You must also spend on local advertising the greater of $24,000 or 10% of
               cumulative Monthly EFT during the first calendar quarter of the year, and the
               greater of $4,000 or 3% of Monthly EFT during each month in the second, third
               and fourth quarters of the calendar year.

               If you do not comply with your LAF requirements, we may (i) collect the LAF from
               you and administer them on your behalf, and collect from you the administrative
               costs we incur during this process based on a reasonable allocation of personnel
               salaries, benefits, and overhead for the time spent by our employees to administer
               the LAF on your behalf (which we anticipate to be about 8% of the funds
               administered), or (ii) collect the amount by which you underspent and contribute it
               to the NAF.

               Both the NAF and LAF requirements may be modified as described in Item 11.

Note 8         You must participate in and contribute funds to special marketing programs and
               campaigns that we develop and administer. Your required contribution to a special
               marketing program will not exceed 7% of Monthly EFT for a single month. The
               special marketing program fee may be fully assessed in a single month or spread
               across months (e.g., 1% of Monthly EFT in the first month, 3% of Monthly EFT in
               the second month and 3% of Monthly EFT in the third month). We will credit the
               special marketing program fee towards your required LAF expenditures.



FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 23
