                                                                                                              ABC Club       PF Group        RCS Club #
                                                                                                              #              #


   Business Name (dba):
   Authorized Owner/Officer:                                                                                 Title:

   Street Address:
   City:                                                                  State:                            Zip:
   Phone:                                                                 Email Address:

   Business Name (legal):
   Federal Tax ID# (TIN or EIN):                                                        Date of Incorporation:
   Location of Incorporation:                                                           Type of Business (ie S Corp, LLC, etc.):


                             BILLING SERVICES AGREEMENT (“Agreement”)

This Agreement made on                            , by and between ABC Fitness Solutions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
(hereinafter “ABC”) and                                     a/an                                    (“the Client”):

        1.     Merchant and Bank Account Set-up: Client hereby appoints ABC to act as its attorney-in-fact as follows: (i) to
establish and maintain a credit card processing merchant agreement and an ACH processing agreement on Client’s behalf with
such credit card processor and ACH processor as ABC may designate and which have been approved by Pla-Fit Franchise LLC
(“Franchisor”) pursuant to Section 11.5 of the Second Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement between Franchisor and
ABC dated January 13, 2023 (“MSA”) (ii) to receive sales data from Client and tender it to a credit card or ACH processor, for
processing/to receive payment due from Client’s members under Client membership agreements, as descr bed in Paragraph 2, below
(“Periodic Payments”); and (iii) in connection with such merchant account and this Agreement, to execute any and all documents and
take any and all other actions, on behalf of Client, that ABC deems necessary or appropriate without further authorization or consent
of Client; provided, however, that ABC shall not enter into and has no authority to bind or commit Client to terms for the collection of
Periodic Payments which are Inconsistent with the MSA and this Billing Services Agreement. In addition, ABC shall not enter into
minimum term or minimum commitment arrangements in relation to Periodic Payments that would preclude Client from terminating
such arrangements with or without cause and for no penalty. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms “Inconsistent” and
“Inconsistency”) as used in this Billing Services Agreement shall mean any term which (i) is not in agreement with, not compatible
with or at variance with a term of the MSA and/or this Billing Services Agreement (ii) would add new or additional material obligations
on Client, other than those specifically set forth in the MSA and this Billing Services Agreement; or (iii) would limit, remove or prevent
Client from exercising a material right, remedy or benefit available to Client under the MSA and this Billing Services Agreement. ABC
currently has credit card processing relationships WorldPay and ACH processing arrangements in place with Regions Bank. ABC
agrees to notify the Client of any additional processors that it may utilize in connection with the processing of the Client’s credit card
and ACH transactions. The services provided by ABC and its vendors under this Agreement are “Services” for purposes of the MSA
and subject to the terms of the MSA. In particular, ABC shall ensure that its agreements with its processors require the processors to
comply with the provisions of Sections 11 and 17 of the MSA and with the terms of Section 18 (as those terms existed under the
First Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement between ABC and Franchisor).
        2. ABC agrees to bill, service and account for all acceptable membership agreements of the Client that have been delivered
to ABC from time to time under this Agreement. Upon receipt of an acceptable membership agreement and such membership
agreement becomes an active account, ABC will maintain appropriate account information during the time ABC is actively collecting
the account on behalf of the Client. For purposes of this Agreement, an “acceptable membership” will satisfy the following minimum
conditions: include the member’s first and last name and billing information, have been approved by the Client via the queue process
(if the client is using the approval queue), member’s e-mail (if member sign-up is conducted online) and shall not be in default or past
due. Where a member has remitted payment to ABC, member’s payment obligation to Client in relation to such payment shall be
extinguished and client shall not attempt to hold member liable for ABC’s nonremittance to Client.
      3. The Client agrees to pay ABC for billing services consistent with the attached proposal. Supplier may increase the fees
herein, as permitted herein and/or the MSA. All ABC fees will be deducted and retained by ABC from the amount collected on
behalf of the Client. The fees apply to all payments on active membership agreements under service by ABC, whether payments are
made to ABC or directly to the Client. Fees may be disputed by Client in accordance with Section 4.
        4. Billing cycles will occur twice per month. The 1st through the 15th shall represent one billing cycle, while the 16th through the
end of the month shall represent the other billing cycle. Net receipts for each billing cycle will be remitted to the Client by the 5th
business day following the cycle cutoff. ABC will not be responsible for delay in remittance due to weekends, holidays or other
conditions beyond the reasonable control of ABC. Net receipts are equal to the total membership agreement payments less the sum
of the following: (I) reversals, charge backs, refunds or other credits against payments collected; (II) the billing fee set forth in paragraph
