          of any Claims the Releasors have against the Releasees which are not released herein. The
          Releasors will not commence any civil action against Releasees in the future based on acts,
          transactions, occurrences, or omissions known or unknown to them at the date of the execution
          of this Release. Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners further represent and warrant that
          the Releasors have not heretofore assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer, to
          any person, firm, corporation or entity any claim, charge, lawsuit, or any similar matter of any
          kind herein released.

     b.   As of the date of this Release, Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners constitute each and
          every entity (i) in which any of the Releasors have an interest related to any agreement with
          Franchisor and (ii) that is party to an agreement with any of the Releasees, except for Excluded
          Affiliates (defined below). In the event that there is a breach of this representation and warranty
          by any of the Releasors, such entity shall be bound by the terms and conditions of Section 1 of
          this Release as if such entity were a party hereto and the Owners and such entity shall
          immediately execute a release in the same form as contained in Section 1 hereof on behalf of
          all such entities. “Excluded Affiliates” are affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries with ultimate
          owners that are not part of the ownership structure of Franchisees and Area Developers and will
          not receive any consideration or value from the New Rights.

     c.   Each party whose signature is affixed hereto is duly authorized to execute this Release on behalf
          of and to bind the entity on whose behalf their signature is affixed.

     d.   Collectively, the Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners have the authority and due
          authorization to release all Claims on behalf of all Releasors.

     e.   Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners, jointly and severally, shall indemnify and hold
          harmless the Releasees from any and all loss or damage, including but not limited to the cost of
          litigation with any Releasor and any related judgment or settlement, and reasonable attorneys’
          fees, incurred as result of a breach of any of the representations and warranties in this Section
          2.

3.   Acknowledgement of Release of Unknown Claims. Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners
     hereby acknowledge that the release of claims set forth in Section 1 is intended to be a full and
     unconditional general release, as that phrase is used and commonly interpreted, extending to all
     claims of any nature, whether or not known, expected or anticipated to exist in favor of the Releasors
     against the Releasees. In making this voluntary express waiver, Franchisees, Area Developers and
     Owners acknowledge that claims or facts in addition to or different from those which are now known
     to exist may later be discovered and that it is their intention to hereby fully and forever settle and
     release any and all matters, regardless of the possibility of later discovered claims or facts. Each
     Franchisee, Area Developer and Owner expressly acknowledges that they are familiar with the
     provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which provides as follows:

              A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does
              not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and
              that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement
              with the debtor or released party.

     Each of the Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners hereby specifically and expressly waive on
     behalf of themselves and the other Releasors all rights that they may have under Section 1542 of the
     California Civil Code or any similar provision of law in any other jurisdiction. This Release is and
     shall be and remain a full, complete and unconditional general release. Franchisees, Area
     Developers and Owners further acknowledge and agree that no violation of this Release shall void
     the releases set forth in this Release.

4.   Voluntary Nature. Franchisees, Area Developers and Owners acknowledge and agree that they have
     entered into this Release voluntarily and without any coercion. Franchisees, Area Developers and



                              GroupName (GXXXX) - General Release
                                          Page 2 of 4
