                          or licenses for the operation of a Competitive Business (collectively, “Competitive
                          Activities”).

         16.7    POST-TERM COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE. You covenant that, except as otherwise
                 approved in writing by us, you, your Owners (except for Silent Investors), and your Approved
                 Operator shall not, for a continuous, uninterrupted period of two (2) years commencing upon the
                 date of (a) a Transfer permitted under Article 13 of this Agreement, (b) expiration, without your
                 acquisition of a successor franchise, of this Agreement, (c) termination or non-renewal of this
                 Agreement (regardless of the cause for termination or non-renewal), (d) in the case of an Approved
                 Operator, termination of their role with you, or (e) a final order of a duly authorized arbitrator, panel
                 of arbitrators, or a court of competent jurisdiction (after all appeals have been taken) with respect to
                 any of the foregoing or with respect to enforcement of this Article 16.7, either directly or indirectly,
                 for yourself or your or their Immediate Family, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any
                 person, engage in Competitive Activities for a Competitive Business, that is, or is intended to be,
                 located or doing business (a) at the Location, (b) within fifteen (15) miles of the Location, (c) within
                 fifteen (15) miles of any PLANET FITNESS business in which you, your Owners or your
                 Approved Operator have an interest or management role, or (d) within fifteen (15) miles of any
                 PLANET FITNESS Business in operation or under construction as of the date that you are required
                 to comply with this Article 16.7. You agree and acknowledge that the two (2) year period of this
                 restriction shall be tolled during any time period in which you, your Owners, your Approved
                 Operator, or your or their Immediate Family are in violation of this restriction.

         16.8    OWNER AND OPERATOR COVENANTS. If you are an Entity, your Responsible Owner,
                 Approved Operator and each person that has any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership
                 interest in you is bound by the restrictions in Articles 16.6 and 16.7, and must sign Appendix C to
                 this Agreement (Personal Covenants Regarding Confidentiality and Non-Competition) to
                 acknowledge such restrictions unless such person (excluding your Responsible Owner and
                 Approved Operator) is designated a Silent Investor in Appendix D. If you are a partnership entity,
                 then each person who, now or hereafter is or becomes a general partner is deemed an Owner who
                 must sign Appendix C. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the compliance with
                 local law and enforceability of your third-party beneficiary rights under Appendix C hereof and you
                 hereby waive any claims you may have against us related thereto. You acknowledge that it may be
                 advisable to obtain additional covenants from your Owners and other personnel in separate
                 agreements between you and them. If a current or former Owner, Approved Operator or Franchisee
                 Executive violates their noncompetition obligations to us, you must fully cooperate with the efforts
                 we undertake to cause such Owner, Approved Operator or Franchisee Executive to cease and desist
                 from such violation and to seek such other remedies as may be available. Such cooperation may
                 include, but shall not be limited to, providing documents and information and, when reasonably
                 appropriate to do so, (if the breach is also a violation of a reasonably enforceable obligation such
                 person owes to you, for example) commencing and/or joining litigation. If you or your affiliate has
                 signed an ADA with us, we may waive the requirement that you obtain signatures to Appendix C
                 for all persons that have signed Exhibit C to the ADA; provided, however, we may reinstitute this
                 requirement at any time in our sole discretion upon notice to you.

         16.9    APPLICATION TO SECURITIES AND LEASING. The restrictions in Articles 16.6(2) and 16.7
                 do not apply to (a) the ownership of shares of a class of securities that are listed on a public stock
                 exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market and that represent less than five percent (5%) of
                 that class of securities or (b) the lease or sublease of space by one of your Owners, with our approval
                 (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to a Competitive Business.

         16.10   REASONABLE SCOPE OF COVENANTS. You acknowledge that the scope of the restrictions
                 in Articles 16.6 and 16.7 are reasonable and necessary to protect us, the Confidential Information,
                 and the System, and that such restrictions are designed solely to prevent you from taking
                 information, materials, training, and know-how that we provided to you and using them to compete
                 with us. In addition, your violation of Article 16.6 or 16.7 would necessarily involve your use of
                 Confidential Information that would result in an unfair competitive advantage vis-à-vis other




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 65                         PLANET FITNESS®
