                                 AMENDMENT TO
                                PLANET FITNESS®
                      AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT FOR THE
                             STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA

      Notwithstanding anything which may be contained in the body of the Area Development
Agreement to the contrary, the Area Development Agreement is amended to include the following:

        1.     The North Dakota Franchise Investment Law supersedes any provisions of the Area
Development Agreement, the other agreements or New Hampshire law if such provisions are in
conflict with the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. The Area Development Agreement
will be governed by North Dakota law, rather than New Hampshire law.

       2.      Any provision in the Area Development Agreement which designates jurisdiction
or venue or requires Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of North
Dakota, is deleted from the Area Development Agreement.

       3.       Any provision in the Area Development Agreement which requires Franchisee to
waive its right to a trial by jury is deleted from the Area Development Agreement.

       4.     No release language set forth in the Area Development Agreement will relieve
Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws
concerning franchising of the State of North Dakota.

        5.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

       6.      Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law
are met independently without reference to this Amendment.

       7.      Except as amended herein, the Area Development Agreement will be construed and
enforced in accordance with its terms.




                                           M-1                         PLANET FITNESS®
