               services rendered to you or others in consideration for activity, goods or services delivered by
               Franchisee (and/or an Affiliate) nor does it include sales taxes charged to customers.

               “Transfer” - The voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, license,
               sublicense, sublease, collateral assignment, grant of a security, collateral or conditional interest,
               encumbrance, inter-vivos transfer, testamentary disposition or other disposition of this Agreement,
               any interest in or right under this Agreement, or any form of ownership interest in you or the assets,
               revenues or income of your BUSINESS (excluding sales of products and services and payments made
               in the ordinary course of business) including, but not limited to: (1) any transfer, redemption or
               issuance of a legal or beneficial ownership interest in the capital stock of, or a partnership or
               membership interest in, you or of any interest convertible to or exchangeable for capital stock of, or
               a partnership or membership interest in, you; (2) any merger or consolidation between you and another
               Entity, whether or not you are the surviving Entity; (3) any transfer in, or as a result of, a divorce,
               insolvency, corporate or partnership dissolution proceeding or otherwise by operation of law; (4) any
               transfer upon your death or the death of any of your Owners by will, declaration of or transfer in trust
               or under the laws of intestate succession; or (5) any foreclosure upon your BUSINESS or the transfer,
               surrender or loss by you of possession, control or management of your BUSINESS.

               "Usage Calculations” – The calculations, as we may reasonably specify from time to time, after
               consulting with the recognized franchisee association (or the appropriate subcommittee thereof), for
               determining Low-Use Clubs, Medium-Use Clubs and High-Use Clubs, with reference to mature
               PLANET FITNESS businesses in the United States. As of the Effective Date, the usage calculations
               are based on monthly membership fees scaled by usable square footage of the businesses.

               “Vendor Revenue” – Defined in Article 5.8.

               “Voting Procedures” - The procedures for certain approval votes hereunder. Voting will be
               accomplished on a per Franchise Group basis. Each Franchise Group will be afforded the opportunity
               to cast one (1) vote. Such vote will be attributed to all of its PLANET FITNESS Businesses that are
               currently open under their franchise agreements and multiplied by the number of such businesses
               owned by the Franchise Group. The Voting Procedures may be further detailed in the Operations
               Manual.

2.       YOUR ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT.

         2.1    ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS. If you are, or at any time become an Entity, you represent
                and warrant, that:

                (1)       you are duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of your organization,
                          and, if a foreign Entity, you are duly qualified to transact business in the state in which
                          your BUSINESS is located;

                (2)       you have the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement (including, without limitation,
                          the ownership information contained in Appendix A hereto) and to perform your
                          obligations hereunder and all persons executing this Agreement on behalf of you and your
                          Affiliates are duly authorized to do so;

                (3)       your activities are restricted to those necessary solely for the development, ownership and
                          operation of a PLANET FITNESS Business in accordance with this Agreement and in
                          accordance with any other agreements entered into with us or any of our Affiliates;

                (4)       you shall, within five (5) Business Days of our request, provide us with copies of the
                          articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement or other organizational
                          documents and such documents recite that the issuance, transfer or pledge of any direct or
                          indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest is restricted by the terms of this Agreement;




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 8                        PLANET FITNESS®
