                   be based on the value of the BUSINESS as an independent, non-franchised business, and
                   will not include any value for the Franchise or any rights granted by this Agreement, the
                   Marks, or participation in the network of PLANET FITNESS Businesses; and (c) include
                   the reasonable goodwill you developed since your commencement of operations that exists
                   independent of the goodwill of the Marks and the System. The length of the remaining term
                   of the lease for the Location will also be considered in determining the BUSINESS’s fair
                   market value.

             (4)   Exclusions. We may exclude from the assets purchased hereunder cash or its equivalent
                   and any equipment, signs, inventory, materials and supplies that are not reasonably
                   necessary (in function or quality) to the BUSINESS’s operation or that we have not
                   approved as meeting standards for PLANET FITNESS Businesses, and the purchase price
                   will reflect such exclusions.

             (5)   Appraisal. If we and you are unable to agree on the BUSINESS’s fair market value, its fair
                   market value will be determined by an appraiser agreeable to both parties. If we and you
                   are unable to agree on an appraiser, then the BUSINESS’s fair market value will be
                   determined by three (3) independent appraisers who collectively will conduct one (1)
                   appraisal. We will appoint one (1) appraiser, you will appoint one (1) appraiser and the two
                   (2) party appointed appraisers will appoint the third appraiser; provided, however, that if
                   you fail to timely appoint your appraiser, then the fair market value determined by our
                   appraiser alone shall prevail. You and we agree to select our respective appraisers within
                   fifteen (15) days after the date we determine that we are unable to agree on the
                   BUSINESS’s fair market value, and the two (2) appraisers so chosen are obligated to
                   appoint the third appraiser within fifteen (15) days after the date on which the last of the
                   two (2) party appointed appraisers was appointed. You and we will bear the cost of our
                   own appraisers and share equally the reasonable fees and expenses of the third appraiser
                   chosen by the two (2) party appointed appraisers. You and we will take reasonable actions
                   to cause the appraisers to complete their appraisal within thirty (30) days after the third
                   appraiser’s appointment.

             (6)   Closing. The purchase price will be paid at the closing of the purchase, which will take
                   place not later than ninety (90) days after determination of the purchase price. We have the
                   right to set off against the purchase price, and thereby reduce the purchase price by, any
                   and all amounts you or your Owners owe to us or our Affiliates, any amounts you owe to
                   your landlord, System suppliers or that we are otherwise required to pay in order to assume
                   lawful occupancy of the Location and operation of the BUSINESS and the costs of
                   remedying any material unaddressed noncompliance with our standards, unless such owed
                   amounts are already reflected in the purchase price.

             (7)   Instruments. At the closing, you agree to deliver instruments transferring:

                   (a)      good and merchantable title to the assets purchased, free and clear of all liens and
                            encumbrances (other than liens and security interests acceptable to us, if any),
                            with all sales and other transfer taxes paid by you;

                   (b)      all licenses and permits of the BUSINESS which may be assigned or transferred;
                            and

                   (c)      the leasehold interest in the Location and improvements thereon.

             (8)   Escrow. If you cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets, or if there are other
                   unresolved issues, the closing of the sale will, at our election, be accomplished through an
                   escrow arrangement with an independent escrow agent selected by us.




FDD - 2025                        PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 67                         PLANET FITNESS®
