PLANET FITNESS DISTRIBUTION LLC

Terms and Conditions

1. TERMS – These Terms and Conditions (“T&C”) and the attached Quote or Invoice constitute the “Agreement” between the
designated “Buyer” indicated in the “Ship To” portion of the attached Quote or Invoice and Planet Fitness Distribution LLC (“PFD”)
regarding the sale and purchase of the equipment described in the attached Quote or Invoice. Buyer’s acceptance of the attached
Quote or Invoice, payment (including partial payment) of the price stated therein, and/or acceptance of the equipment described therein
shall be construed as an unqualified, unconditional acceptance of the entire Agreement, including these T&C. Buyer’s acceptance of
the Agreement is not subject to modification or cancellation without written approval by PFD. Buyer shall not submit a separate
purchase order, and no documentation other than the attached Quote or Invoice and these T&C shall constitute part of the Agreement
unless otherwise agreed to in writing by PFD.

2. PRICES – All prices quoted are subject to change to PFD’s then-prevailing prices, upon notice by PFD at any time prior to Buyer’s
acceptance of this Agreement. Buyer shall be responsible for all taxes, shipping charges and any fees or costs associated with the
purchase of the equipment pursuant to this Agreement. Payment must be made either concurrently with the Buyer’s acceptance of the
Quote, or, if the Buyer has obtained financing for its purchase that is approved by PFD, upon delivery of the equipment. The terms of
payment shall be provided on the attached Quote or Invoice. All amounts which Buyer owes PFD and does not pay PFD when due will
bear interest after their due date at the lesser of: (a) the highest contract rate of interest permitted by law; or (b) ten (10%) percent per
annum, which shall be immediately due and payable.

3. DELIVERY – If an estimated time of shipment or delivery has been made or proposed, it is understood that it is approximate only and
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that it has not relied on a specific delivery date and further agrees that PFD shall not be liable for any
delays including any loss of use or indirect or consequential damages.

4. RISK OF LOSS – Shipping and delivery shall occur directly from the equipment manufacturer. Title and risk of loss shall pass to
Buyer upon delivery. Any claim for loss or damage shall be made solely against manufacturer or its carrier.

5. PLACEMENT SERVICES – In the event that the attached Quote or Invoice includes placement services, such placement services
are limited to the placement and arranging of the equipment within the Buyer’s location. Buyer is solely responsible for securing such
equipment in place in accordance with the manufacturer’s specifications and recommendations. Buyer shall defend and indemnify PFD,
its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and hold them harmless from any claims, loss, damage or injury arising from or related to any
actual or alleged failure to follow the manufacturer’s specifications and/or recommendations.

6. WARRANTY– All warranties shall be those provided directly by and from the manufacturer. Buyer’s sole recourse for any defective
equipment shall be to the manufacturer, and PFD shall have no liability whatsoever with respect thereto. PFD MAKES NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER RELATED TO THE EQUIPMENT, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. DISPUTES - This Agreement is deemed to be entered into in the State of New Hampshire and to be a New Hampshire contract and
shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Hampshire. PFD and Buyer specifically agree that
any legal action brought relating to goods purchased or relating to this Agreement will be brought and tried in New Hampshire. Buyer
hereby waives all objections to venue, and Buyer consents to service of process by certified mail addressed to the same address as
that address designated or the delivery of the goods purchased hereunder.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION – PFD assumes no liability or responsibility for any negligent or willful act or
omission or any violation of applicable law or regulation by Buyer or Buyer’s employee, agent or contractor. In no event shall PFD have
any liability to Buyer or any other person, including any employee, agent, contractor or guest of Buyer, in excess of the price paid by
Buyer to PFD for the equipment. Buyer shall defend and indemnify PFD, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and hold them harmless
from any claims, loss, damage or injury arising from or related to (a) any actual or alleged negligent or willful act or omission or any
violation of applicable law or regulation by Buyer or Buyer’s employee, agent or contractor; or (b) the equipment. This indemnification
obligation supplements, and does not supersede or replace, any existing obligations Buyer or any of its owners or affiliates may have to
PFD, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (contractual or otherwise).

9. WAIVER – No obligation of Buyer, and no right or remedy of PFD, under this agreement may be waived except in writing signed by
PFD. Without limiting the preceding sentence, no course of dealing or failure to strictly enforce any term shall be construed as a waiver.
Any valid waiver shall be limited to the specific instance described in the waiver and shall not constitute a waiver of any future
performance, right or remedy, except as otherwise expressly stated in such waiver.

10. SEVERABILITY - The parties agree that each provision contained in these T&C shall be treated as a separate and independent
clause, and the unenforceability of any clause shall in no way impair the enforceability of any of the other clauses contained herein.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in these T&C shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity or subject so as to be unenforceable at all, such provision or provisions shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by
limiting and reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law.
