         19.7   COSTS AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. If we incur expenses in connection with your failure to pay
                when due amounts owed to us or to submit when due any reports, information or supporting records
                or otherwise to comply with this Agreement, you agree to reimburse us for any of the costs and
                expenses which we incur, including, without limitation, reasonable accounting, attorneys’, and
                related fees. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding arising under, out of, in connection
                with, or in relation to this Agreement will be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and expenses
                (including attorneys’ fees, arbitrator’s fees and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof
                of facts, court costs, and other arbitration or litigation expenses) incurred in connection with the
                claims on which it prevailed. If any party does not participate in mediation after receiving a written
                demand to do so, as required hereunder, such party will be required to pay the reasonable costs and
                expenses (including attorneys’ fees, arbitrator’s fees and expert witness fees, costs of investigation
                and proof of facts, court costs, and other arbitration or litigation expenses) of the other party incurred
                after such party’s failure to participate in the mediation. If you have requested this Agreement at a
                time when we are actively pursuing, but do not have an active franchise registration in an applicable
                jurisdiction, if you request a change to this Agreement after signing, or if you request additional
                documents (amendments, assignments, tri-party agreements, lender consents or comfort letters,
                etc.), and, in connection with our fulfillment of such request, we incur third-party costs or pay a
                filing fee, we may require you to pay or reimburse such reasonable costs and fees.

         19.8   RIGHTS OF PARTIES ARE CUMULATIVE. Our and your rights hereunder are cumulative,
                and no exercise or enforcement by us or you of any right or remedy hereunder will preclude our or
                your exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy hereunder which we or you are entitled
                by law to enforce.

         19.9   DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

                (1)      Mediation. Except as provided in Article 19.9(3), prior to filing any demand for arbitration,
                         the parties agree to mediate any dispute, controversy or claim between and among the
                         parties and any of our or your Affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, members,
                         guarantors, employees or owners arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to
                         this Agreement, any Lease for your BUSINESS, any loan or other finance arrangement
                         between us or our Affiliates and you, the parties’ relationship, your BUSINESS, or any
                         System standard in accordance with the following procedures:

                         (a)       The party seeking mediation must commence mediation by sending the other
                                   party, in accordance with Article 20, a written notice of its request for mediation
                                   headed “Notification of Dispute.” The Notification of Dispute will specify, to the
                                   fullest extent possible, the party’s version of the facts surrounding the dispute; the
                                   amount of damages and the nature of any injunctive or other relief such party
                                   claims. The party (or parties as the case may be) receiving a Notification of
                                   Dispute will respond within twenty (20) days after receipt thereof, in accordance
                                   with Article 20, stating its version of the facts and, if applicable, its position as to
                                   damages sought by the party initiating the dispute procedure; provided, however,
                                   that if the dispute has been the subject of a Notice of Default given under Article
                                   15 of this Agreement, the other party will respond within ten (10) Business Days.

                         (b)       Upon receipt of a Notification of Dispute and response under Article 19.9(1)(a),
                                   the parties will endeavor, in good faith, to resolve the dispute outlined in the
                                   Notification of Dispute and response. If the parties have been unable to resolve a
                                   dispute outlined in a Notification of Dispute or a response thereto within twenty
                                   (20) days after receipt of the response, either party may initiate a mediation
                                   procedure with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), pursuant to its
                                   Commercial Mediation Procedures (the “Procedures”). The parties must select a
                                   mediator either jointly or as provided in the Procedures.




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 73                          PLANET FITNESS®
