               that may arise under the applicable legislation and in any other jurisdictions relating to any works
               created in connection with or concerning the BUSINESS, and you agree not to support, maintain or
               permit any claim for infringement or violation of any such moral rights or any equivalent or similar
               rights. Without limiting the foregoing, you consent to alteration of such works and our commercial
               exploitation of such works.

7.       MARKS.

         7.1   OWNERSHIP AND GOODWILL OF MARKS. Your right to use the Marks is derived solely
               from this Agreement and limited to your operation of the BUSINESS pursuant to and in compliance
               with this Agreement and the mandatory Methods of Operation. Your unauthorized use of the Marks
               is a material breach of this Agreement and an infringement of our rights in and to the Marks. You
               acknowledge and agree that your usage of the Marks and any goodwill established by such use will
               be exclusively for our and our Affiliates’ benefit and that this Agreement does not confer any
               goodwill or other interests in the Marks upon you (other than the right to operate the BUSINESS in
               compliance with this Agreement). All provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks apply
               to any additional proprietary trademarks and service marks and commercial symbols we authorize
               you to use. You will not represent in any manner that you have any ownership in the Marks or the
               right to use the Marks except as provided in the Agreement and in the Operations Manual.

         7.2   LIMITATIONS ON YOUR USE OF MARKS. You agree to use the Marks as the sole
               identification of the BUSINESS, except that you agree to identify yourself as the independent owner
               and operator thereof. You must properly attribute ownership of the Marks to us and use the notices
               of trademark and service mark registrations that we specify. You may not use any Marks as part of
               any Entity or legal business name or as part of an Internet domain name, mobile application, Internet
               e-mail address, Internet website, or social media account or with any prefix, suffix or other
               modifying words, terms, designs or symbols (other than logos licensed to you hereunder), or in any
               modified form, nor may you use any Marks in connection with the performance or sale of any
               unauthorized services or products or in any other manner we have not expressly authorized in
               writing. You may not separately register any domain name, develop or operate any Internet websites,
               or develop or use any Internet Accounts containing any of the Marks without our prior written
               approval. Such registration, development or use must comply with our Internet and social media
               policies. You and your Affiliates may not apply, in any country, or cause any third party to apply,
               or assist, directly or indirectly, any third party to apply, in any country, for registration of any
               trademark, slogan, commercial advertising, or commercial name, which is the same as, or
               confusingly similar to, any of the Marks. Any such application to register any of the Marks or any
               other trademark used in connection with the BUSINESS shall be considered our property and you
               agree to transfer, assign, or otherwise convey to us or terminate such applications or registrations
               immediately upon our request. No Marks may be used in any advertising concerning the transfer,
               sale or other disposition of the BUSINESS or an ownership interest in you without our prior written
               approval. You agree to solely display the Marks in the manner we prescribe at the BUSINESS, on
               supplies or materials we designate and in connection with forms and advertising and marketing
               materials. You agree to give such notices of trademark and service mark registrations; i.e., “®”,
               “™”, as we specify and to obtain any fictitious or assumed name registrations required under
               applicable law. You agree to withdraw any fictitious or assumed name registrations immediately
               upon termination or expiration, without your acquisition of a successor franchise, of this Agreement.
               You may not authorize any vendor, commercial partner or other third party, including but not limited
               to third-party sponsorship partners, to use the Marks in any manner whatsoever, as you do not have
               sufficient rights in the Marks to do so. You may not imply, suggest, portray, or otherwise hold
               yourself out as having such rights to sublicense the Marks to any third party. Any such purported
               authorization by you shall be void and of no effect and constitutes a material breach of this
               Agreement. You agree that, in addition to all of our other rights and remedies available hereunder
               and under applicable law, you will indemnify us for our costs (including, but not limited to, outside
               legal fees) in causing the cessation, takedown and removal of such unauthorized usage of the Marks.




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 20                       PLANET FITNESS®
