               locations to continue to operate under another name, as we may determine. We may
               issue franchises to existing franchisees or licensees of the acquired brand to operate
               converted locations as PLANET FITNESS Businesses and to honor contractual
               commitments to such franchisees or licensees that we assume; and

       5.      We have the right to engage in Multi-Territory Acquisitions (as defined below)
               subject to your rights discussed below.

               We will provide you the right and option, through written notice, to participate in a
               Multi-Territory Acquisition in the Development Area on the business terms we
               propose (the “Acquisition Notice”). You or an affiliate we approve will have 30
               days from your receipt of our Acquisition Notice to enter into a binding
               commitment with us to participate in the Multi-Territory Acquisition in the
               Development Area on such terms as we may offer. If (a) you or the affiliate do not
               do so within this time period and (b) area developers holding development rights in
               development areas in which at least 66% of the target businesses are located commit
               to participate in the Multi-Territory Acquisition, then your right to participate in the
               Multi-Territory Acquisition described in the Acquisition Notice will terminate and
               be of no further force or effect. In this case, we, and any other party we approve
               may participate in, the Multi-Territory Acquisition in the Development Area
               described in the Acquisition Notice and we and these parties may develop and/or
               convert and operate as PLANET FITNESS businesses in the Development Area
               the businesses acquired in the Multi-Territory Acquisition. A “Multi-Territory
               Acquisition” means an opportunity to acquire (a) other businesses and convert them
               into PLANET FITNESS businesses or (b) leasehold rights and develop PLANET
               FITNESS businesses pursuant to such rights, that includes target locations in the
               Development Area, as well as in the development areas of other franchisees not
               affiliated with you. Multi-Territory Acquisitions do not include the acquisition of
               franchise rights. If there are target businesses located outside of areas where we
               have issued development rights, we are deemed the applicable developer with
               respect to those businesses.

        If we, in our reasonable discretion, believe that the exercise of our rights under paragraphs
1, 2, 4 and 5 above will impair your ability to meet your Development Schedule, we will discuss
with you whether an amendment to your Development Schedule and/or Development Area is
appropriate. The relocation, development and conversion of PLANET FITNESS businesses
pursuant to paragraphs 1, 2, 4 and 5 above will be subject to the criteria of our then-current
applicable site and impact review process. Except for the rights expressly granted to you under
the Area Development Agreement, we retain all of our rights with respect to the Marks, the System
and PLANET FITNESS businesses anywhere in the world, including the right, without
compensation to you, to do the following:

       1.      operate, and grant to others the right to operate, PLANET FITNESS businesses at
               such locations and on such terms as we deem appropriate outside of the
               Development Area;



FDD – September 2025                                                              PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 56
