do not have the right to sublicense use of the Marks and thus you may not authorize any third party
to use the Marks for any purpose, including marketing materials, apparel, equipment or any other
item. You must obtain our prior approval before using any advertising materials you prepare, and
before establishing any website, social media or social networking site, profile, account or hashtag
relating to or making reference to us, your PLANET FITNESS location, or the Marks. Any
approved use of the Marks must comply with our policies. You may only work with marketing
suppliers we have approved and you must work with an advertising or media agency that is an
approved supplier to administer your LAF spending.

        The fixtures, furnishings, fitness equipment, displays, merchandise, goods, services,
uniforms, insurance, signs, marketing and branded materials, data security and privacy services
and technology, and other products or supplies for your facility must be purchased from us, our
approved suppliers or according to our specifications. You must also use our approved suppliers
to resell or donate any used equipment. Approved suppliers and specifications are in our
Operations Manual (as described in Item 11) and can be accessed electronically through our
designated franchise portal (“Designated Franchise Portal”). Approved suppliers and
specifications are determined based on the current needs for operating the franchised business. We
evaluate approved suppliers based on price, service, quality, terms, financial strength, whether
commissions are offered and other commercially reasonable benchmarks. The identity of approved
suppliers and these specifications may be updated periodically in writing by modifying the
Operations Manual or otherwise communicating the modification to our franchisees. We may
refer you to potential sources of financing for various aspects of the PLANET FITNESS business
such as costs related to build-out and equipment acquisition. Although we do not currently do so,
we and our affiliates reserve the right to receive consideration and other payments in the future if
you obtain financing from a lender to whom we referred you.

        We may limit the number of vendors and suppliers for products, goods, services, supplies,
fixtures and equipment. We also may designate a single source of supply for certain products and
services. We or an affiliate may be that single source. Currently, our affiliate PF Equipment is the
sole supplier of the required fitness equipment for PLANET FITNESS franchises in the U.S. In
purchasing your fitness equipment from PF Equipment, you must agree to the Equipment Terms
attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit “K-1”. We are also the sole provider of certain
third-party customer relationship management software and applications you must use in your
PLANET FITNESS business. Neither we nor our affiliates are currently approved suppliers of
any other products. However, in the future, we, an affiliate or a third-party we designate may be
the sole supplier of special marketing programs in which you must participate as well as various
other products or services. For all products and services purchased from us and our affiliates, you
must pay the then-current price in effect which may be more than cost. Under emergency
circumstances, we may purchase items for you that we determine are necessary for you to operate
your business. You must reimburse us for these purchases.

        In most cases, we have sole or mandatory suppliers, but in unique circumstances, you may
request approval of an alternate supplier. We have the right to approve or disapprove any supplier,
and we may approve or disapprove a supplier in our sole discretion. If we request, you must submit
samples and other information we require for testing or to otherwise determine whether the
product, material, or supply meets our specifications and quality standards. We do not currently
impose any fee for our consideration, but we may obtain from you and/or the approved suppliers

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                30
