       8.      Provide you with research and development regarding Methods of Operations
               (Article 6.4.);

       9.      At your request, we may furnish additional guidance and assistance and, in such
               case, may charge the per diem fees and charges we establish periodically. If you
               request, or if we require, additional or special operational training for your
               employees, you must pay all expenses we incur in connection with this additional
               or special operational training or support, including per diem charges and travel and
               living expenses for our personnel (Article 6.4.);

       10.     Loan to you the confidential Operations Manual describing the Methods of
               Operations (Article 6.5).

Area Development Agreement

       Pre-Opening Assistance

       Before you begin your area development business, we will identify the geographic area
where you will develop PLANET FITNESS businesses (ADA Article 1).

       Ongoing Assistance

        We do not provide any additional ongoing assistance to you under the Area Development
Agreement and have no further obligations to you under the Area Development Agreement. Any
ongoing assistance will be provided to you under the Franchise Agreements you enter into for
locations in your area (ADA Article 4).

Franchise Site Selection

        You select the site for your PLANET FITNESS location. We will provide you with our
standard site selection criteria or an on-site evaluation of your proposed sites, as we deem
appropriate. You must verify to us that your site complies with our site selection criteria. If we
do not approve a site you propose, you may propose another site. We do not select or endorse your
site. We do not provide any assistance regarding the construction, remodeling, furnishing or
decorating of your business, or conforming the premises to local building codes or obtaining any
required permits. We do not negotiate the purchase or lease of a site, and generally we do not own
or lease premises and then lease them to you.

         Before you lease or purchase any site for a PLANET FITNESS location, you must submit
a complete site information form to us via our web portal. We will review each site submitted and
determine whether we approve or object to the site you propose. Factors we deem appropriate
include the general location and neighborhood, demographic information, traffic patterns, access,
visibility, location of other competing facilities, location of existing PLANET FITNESS
businesses, size, configuration, appearance and other physical characteristics of the site. If we
approve the site, we will send you a site acceptance e-mail which will be valid for 6 months, in
which time a lease must be executed or property purchased. We will use reasonable efforts to make
a site acceptance decision within 30 days after we acknowledge receipt of a complete Site
Acceptance Form and any other materials we have requested. If you operate an existing fitness

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                39
