                     and award franchises under these other concepts or locations anywhere, including in the
                     Development Area;

                             5.5 acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any transaction with
                     other businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere or business
                     conducted anywhere, including in the Development Area. These transactions may include
                     arrangements involving competing businesses or outlets and dual branding or brand conversions.
                     You must participate at your expense in any conversion as instructed by us; and

                               5.6 enter into agreements or arrangements with other companies or organizations by
                     which we offer memberships or other products and services to the personnel, customers or
                     members of such companies or organizations, which may be located inside or outside of the
                     Development Area, on commercially reasonable terms. Such terms may include fees, pricing
                     structures and reimbursement arrangements (including, but not limited to, an administrative fee
                     collected by us) that may be different from our then-current membership offerings. You must
                     participate in and honor the terms of such partnerships upon being notified thereof. We will
                     consult with the recognized franchisee association (or the appropriate subcommittee thereof) on
                     the structure of such partnerships.

6.       Fees.

             6.1     For the rights we grant you under the terms of this Agreement, you agree to pay us an Area
                     Development Fee of _______________ U.S. Dollars ($________) upon execution of this
                     Agreement the (“Area Development Fee”). Upon our receipt of the Area Development Fee, you
                     will receive the right to develop, and will be obligated to develop, the number of PLANET
                     FITNESS Businesses set forth in the Development Schedule in the Development Area within
                     the time periods set forth in this Agreement. The Area Development Fee is fully earned by us
                     when due and is not refundable for any reason, and is not credited against any other obligation
                     or fee you or any affiliate owe us.

             6.2     For each PLANET FITNESS Business not opened by the date required under the Development
                     Schedule, you must pay us a fee of Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($50,000) (the “Late
                     Development Fee”) within thirty (30) days of the required opening date. The Late Development
                     Fee is due regardless of whether (a) we send a Notice of Default related to your breach of your
                     obligations under the Development Schedule, (b) the applicable PLANET FITNESS Business
                     is opened shortly after the required due date, including, but not limited to during any applicable
                     cure period or prior to the date the payment of the Late Development Fee is due, or (c) the
                     opening of the PLANET FITNESS Business was due to factors outside of your reasonable
                     control, as Article 27 shall not apply to this Article 6.2. If this Agreement is terminated prior to
                     the completion of the Development Schedule, the Late Development Fee shall not apply to any
                     PLANET FITNESS Businesses required to be developed after the date of such termination.
                     You agree that this fee is a fair and reasonable measure of the loss incurred by us due to your
                     failure to open the location within the time frame required by the Development Schedule. You
                     acknowledge that our plans for expansion of the brand are related in part to your promises to
                     develop locations within the timeframes you have agreed to, and the failure to meet those
                     timeframes results in damage to our brand and goodwill based on our inability to expand the
                     brand at the times and in the manner we had planned. Additionally, this failure also results in
                     monetary damage to us due to our inability to collect royalties and other amounts at the times we
                     had planned based upon your promises. This fee is in addition to any of our other rights or
                     remedies under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including the right to terminate this
                     Agreement after the expiration of the applicable cure period.

7.       Execution of Franchise Agreements. You (or an affiliate which is at least 51% owned by your Ownership
         Group or a subset thereof, as described in Article 8 below) must execute a separate Franchise Agreement in
         our then-current form (each, a “Franchise Agreement”) for each PLANET FITNESS Business to be
         established by you in the Development Area. The then-current Franchise Agreement may have materially




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 6                            PLANET FITNESS®
