                                   any lawful term of this Agreement or any reasonable standard of business
                                   performance that we set. If the arbitrator determines that any contractual
                                   limitations period provided for in this Agreement is not applicable or enforceable,
                                   then the parties agree to be bound by the provision of any statute of limitations
                                   which would otherwise be applicable to the controversy, dispute or claim which
                                   is the subject of any arbitration proceeding initiated hereunder. The arbitrator will
                                   decide any factual, procedural, or legal questions relating in any way to the dispute
                                   between the parties, including, but not limited to: any decision as to whether this
                                   Article 19.9 is applicable and enforceable as against the parties, subject matter,
                                   timeliness, scope, remedies, unconscionability, and any alleged fraud in the
                                   inducement.

                          (e)      Other than as may be required by law, the entire arbitration proceedings
                                   (including, but not limited to, any rulings, decisions or orders of the arbitrator),
                                   will remain confidential and will not be disclosed to anyone other than the parties
                                   to this Agreement.

                          (f)      We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to advance your share of the costs of
                                   any arbitration proceeding in order for such arbitration proceeding to take place
                                   and by doing so will not be deemed to have waived or relinquished our right to
                                   seek recovery of those costs in accordance with Article 19.7.

                 (3)      Injunctive Relief/No Waiver of Arbitration. Notwithstanding Articles 19.9(1) and 19.9(2)
                          of this Agreement, either party shall have the right to request injunctive relief (without any
                          requirement to post a bond) from any court of competent jurisdiction, including, without
                          limitation, application for judicial relief to protect against trademark infringement,
                          unauthorized use of trademark, loss of possession of real or personal property, violations
                          of non-competition or confidentiality obligations, termination of this Agreement, or to
                          maintain the efficacy of an ongoing arbitration, and that such request shall not constitute a
                          waiver of the moving party’s right to demand arbitration of any dispute pursuant to Article
                          19.9(2) and its subparts.

                 (4)      Survival. The provisions of this Article 19.9 are intended to benefit and bind certain third
                          party non-signatories and will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
                          notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

                 (5)      Tolling of Statute of Limitations. All applicable statutes of limitation and defenses based
                          on the passage of time are tolled while the dispute resolution procedures in this Article 19.9
                          are pending. The parties will take such action, if any, required to effectuate such tolling.

                 (6)      Performance to Continue. Each party must continue to perform its obligations under this
                          Agreement pending final resolution of any dispute pursuant to this Article 19.9, unless to
                          do so would be impossible or impracticable under the circumstances.

                 (7)      Conflict. If there is a dispute between us and you and/or your affiliates involving this
                          Agreement along with other Franchise Agreements between such parties, and those
                          Franchise Agreements contain inconsistent dispute resolution provisions, then the
                          procedural aspects of the dispute resolution provisions of the most recent Franchise
                          Agreement, including, but not limited to, venue, and mediation and arbitration process,
                          shall apply to the dispute in lieu of the provisions of Articles 19.9-19.12 hereof, unless this
                          Agreement is the most recent Franchise Agreement, in which case the foregoing Articles
                          shall apply to the dispute.

         19.10   GOVERNING LAW. All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration
                 Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et. seq.). Except to the extent governed by the Federal Arbitration Act as required
                 hereby, the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 et seq.) or other




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 75                         PLANET FITNESS®
