starting the business. Your costs will depend on how closely you follow the PLANET FITNESS
System standards, your management skill, experience and business acumen, local economic
conditions, the acceptance by local consumers of our approved services, prevailing wage rates,
real estate conditions, competition, etc. Unless otherwise noted, all fees payable to us or our
affiliates are non-refundable.

Notes:

Note 1         See Item 5 for more information on the Initial Franchise Fee. If you sign an Area
               Development Agreement, you must commit to opening one or more PLANET
               FITNESS locations, and you will pay an Area Development Fee of $10,000 -
               $60,000 per location. This Area Development Fee is in addition to the Initial
               Franchise Fee for each location that you must pay at the time you must sign each
               franchise agreement, assuming we are no longer waiving the Initial Franchise Fee
               for locations opened under an Area Development Agreement. See Item 5 for more
               information on the Area Development Fee.

Note 2         We may require you to reimburse us for our reasonable expenses, including the
               costs of travel, lodging and food, incurred in site evaluation for each visit we make
               at your request.

Note 3         The estimated initial investment does not include costs to lease or purchase real
               estate beyond the initial lease deposit and typical leasehold improvements. We do
               not require you to purchase real estate. PLANET FITNESS businesses typically
               are located in strip centers, malls, and freestanding locations. Typically, you will
               need to lease a building of approximately 15,000 to 25,000 square feet and pay the
               cost of site work and/or leasehold improvements. The cost of purchasing or leasing
               and developing a site for a PLANET FITNESS franchise will vary considerably
               depending on the location, size, local real estate market, current buildout of the
               location and other factors. Your leasehold improvement costs may be less if your
               landlord provides you with a tenant improvement allowance. Although we do not
               typically recommend building your own building in which to operate your
               PLANET FITNESS franchise, in certain instances, franchisees that are familiar
               with the PLANET FITNESS model have decided to build their own building.
               Building your own building may increase the cost significantly and exceed the
               estimated range. In addition, your costs may significantly exceed the estimated
               range if you choose a location in an area with unusually high real estate costs and/or
               construction or other costs which, in our experience, you may encounter in certain
               dense urban areas.

Note 4         You must acquire the fitness equipment and other non-fitness equipment (such as
               televisions, tanning beds, trusses, lockers, interior signage, flooring, fans, and the
               like) for your location through our approved supplier. You may purchase or finance
               the equipment. If you finance it, you are responsible for obtaining financing. If
               you finance it, we estimate that the cost to make down payments on financed
               required fitness equipment for a new location generally ranges between $36,300
               and $330,900. If you choose to purchase rather than finance the required equipment

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 26
