               visibility, overall interior and exterior size and shape, physical characteristics of the
               existing or future building including neighboring or surrounding co-tenants at a
               property, and lease terms;

       3.      Review and approve certain provisions of your lease for your location (Article 4.2.);

       4.      Provide you with specifications and layouts for your PLANET FITNESS location
               (Article 4.4.);

       5.      Provide you with an initial training program (Article 6.1.);

       6.      Provide you with lists of start-up inventory, furniture, fixtures, software, equipment
               and supplies (Article 4.5.);

       7.      Approve or disapprove, and in the case of our disapproval provide feedback on,
               your pre-sale marketing plan and your grand opening marketing plan, under which,
               collectively, you must expend no less than $20,000 and up to $30,000 per 30 days,
               subject to a maximum required spend of $120,000, absent a material delay in the
               commencement of regular operations (Article 10.2.);

       8.      Loan to you the confidential Operations Manual describing the Methods of
               Operations (Article 6.5).

       Ongoing Assistance:

       During the operation of your business, we will:

       1.      Provide you with refresher training (Article 6.2.);

       2.      Provide you with general guidance on operating issues concerning the location,
               system standards, marketing programs, etc. (Article 6.3.);

       3.      Provide you with Internet and telephone consultation (Article 6.4.);

       4.      Provide you with wholesaling services where we may ourselves act as an approved
               or designated source for products, merchandise, accessories, fixtures, furnishings,
               equipment, signs, etc. (Article 6.4.);

       5.      Provide you with manufacturing services where we may manufacture, package and
               ship products, merchandise, accessories, fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs,
               etc. to you (Article 6.4.);

       6.      Provide you with ongoing marketing programs (Article 6.4.);

       7.      Provide you with meetings, seminars or conventions where we may get together
               with you and other PLANET FITNESS franchisees for business or social purposes
               (Article 6.4.);



FDD – September 2025                                                               PLANET FITNESS®
                                                  38
