                  Unless otherwise approved in writing by us, the transferee may not be an entity, or be
                  affiliated with an entity, that is required to comply with the reporting and information
                  requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                  17.1.6.2 Training. The transferee (or its Responsible Owner) and its managers, shift
                           supervisors and personnel must have completed our initial training program
                           (under a Franchise Agreement) or must be currently certified by us to operate
                           and/or manage a PLANET FITNESS Business to our satisfaction prior to the
                           closing of the Transfer.

                  17.1.6.3 Agreements. If the Transfer is of a non-controlling interest in you, which is not
                           one of a series of proposed Transfers which, in the aggregate, would constitute or
                           result in the transfer of a controlling interest in you, the transferee has agreed to
                           be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement for the remainder
                           of the term. Otherwise, the transferee shall execute a new area development
                           agreement with us on our then-current form, the terms and conditions of which
                           may differ materially from the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including
                           a different development schedule and different fees for franchise agreements
                           executed thereunder.

                  17.1.6.4 Transfer Fees. You have paid us a transfer fee equal to Five Thousand U.S.
                           Dollars ($5,000) for each unmet development obligation pursuant to the
                           Development Schedule being transferred, unless the proposed Transfer is a
                           transfer of a five percent (5%) or less ownership interest in you (and is not one of
                           a series of Transfers which, in the aggregate with other Transfers to the same or
                           an affiliated transferee, would constitute or result in the transfer of greater than a
                           five percent (5%) interest in you) or we, in our sole discretion, determine that such
                           transfer is de minimis such that a lesser or no transfer fee may apply.

                  17.1.6.5 Holding Period. Unless the proposed Transfer is of a non-controlling interest in
                           you, which is not one of a series of proposed Transfers which, in the aggregate,
                           would constitute or result in the transfer of a controlling interest in you, in which
                           case this Article 17.1.6.5 shall not apply, at least one of the following must be
                           satisfied: (i) the Owner(s) of a controlling interest in you (or your affiliates) have
                           been PLANET FITNESS franchisees for at least two (2) years as of the closing
                           date and the closing date of the proposed Transfer is at least one (1) year after the
                           Effective Date; (ii) the closing date of the proposed Transfer is at least two (2)
                           years after the Effective Date; (iii) if this Agreement is an amended and restated
                           area development agreement, the closing date of the proposed Transfer is at least
                           one (1) year after the Effective Date; or (iv) if this Agreement has been amended
                           to add one (1) or more PLANET FITNESS Businesses to the Development
                           Schedule, the closing date of the proposed Transfer is at least one (1) year after
                           the effective date of such amendment. No PLANET FITNESS Business in the
                           Development Area may be transferred if you have not satisfied the requirements
                           of this Article 17.1.6.5.

                  The conditions set forth in Article 17.1 are intended to be representative and not exhaustive.

                      17.2 Transfer to a Wholly Owned Entity. Notwithstanding Article 17.1, if you are in
             full compliance with this Agreement, you may Transfer this Agreement to a corporation,
             business trust, limited liability company or similar entity, which conducts no business other than
             the business operated hereunder and, if applicable, other PLANET FITNESS Businesses, in
             which you maintain management control and of which you own and control one hundred percent
             (100%) of the equity and voting power of all issued and outstanding ownership interests, and
             further provided that all assets of such business are owned, and all of such business is conducted,
             by a single entity. Transfers of ownership interests in such entity will be subject to the provisions




FDD - 2025                            #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 21                            PLANET FITNESS®
