establish a separate marketing advisory council at our option. We own the rights to all creative
concepts and marketing materials created or paid for by the NAF. The NAF has the right to retain
any commissions received from suppliers of marketing materials or products.

       Additional Advertising Costs

        In addition to your contributions to the NAF and your LAF expenditures, you must conduct
a pre-sale/grand opening advertising and promotional program for your PLANET FITNESS
business under a marketing plan approved by us. We will determine the length and start date of
the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period, after consultation with you, based upon the
location of the PLANET FITNESS business, demographics and other factors. As part of your
pre-sale/grand opening marketing plan, you must begin selling memberships at a physical location,
unless we otherwise approve, at least 45 days before your intended date of opening. You must
begin selling memberships online, unless we otherwise approve, on the earlier of the date at least
15 days before the physical pre-sale, or up to 75 days before your intended date of opening such
that the digital pre-sale period includes a national sale (not a flash sale). You must spend on your
pre-sale/grand opening marketing plan an amount set by us, which will be $20,000 to $30,000 per
every 30-day period. We may not require you to spend more than $120,000 on pre-sale/grand
opening marketing, absent a material delay in the commencement of regular operations. We may
reduce the length of the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period and the monetary amount of
the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense based on market saturation and the existence of
any cooperative, among other factors. You must utilize marketing and public relations programs
and media and advertising materials we have approved. The Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing
Expense cannot include interior or exterior signage, preparing the physical location where you will
be selling memberships before beginning regular operations, the start-up inventory, furniture,
fixtures, software, or other equipment and supplies you must obtain before beginning operation of
the PLANET FITNESS business. (Article 10.2)

        You must participate in and contribute funds to special marketing programs, which may
include campaigns and partnerships that we develop and administer; but your required contribution
to the special marketing program will not exceed 7% of Monthly EFT for a single month. The
special marketing program fee may be fully assessed in a single month or spread across months
(e.g., 1% of Monthly EFT in the first month, 3% of Monthly EFT in the second month and 3% of
Monthly EFT in the third month). The special marketing program fee will count towards your LAF
expenditure requirement for the month of the program or such longer period as we may reasonably
determine. (Article 10.4)

        You must participate in all required national campaigns and promotional offers that we
establish. You may be required to participate in a campaign or promotional offer that requires you
to waive or reduce enrollment fees, or offer lower prices for memberships or other products and
services. You may also be required to participate in a campaign or promotional offer that requires
you to make a donation to a charity, provided that (1) company-owned PLANET FITNESS
businesses also participate in the campaign or offer, and (2) your required donations are limited to
member enrollment fees, or a portion thereof. We may require you to spend local marketing funds
in general alignment with national campaigns. (Article 10.7)



FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                45
