                   the sole supplier for fitness equipment or other products or services. Without limiting
                   the applicability of Article 5.8 hereof, we may also act as a pass-through for remitting
                   payments to suppliers that we designate, in which case we would collect your vendor
                   payments as provided in Article 5.9 hereof and remit payment to the vendor. We will
                   not collect payments subject to a bona fide dispute, provided that you notify us of the
                   dispute at least fourteen (14) days prior to the date of collection, or, if later, five (5)
                   Business Days after you are informed of our collection. You will establish
                   independent commercial relationships with our Approved Suppliers for specific
                   items. You will establish independent commercial relationships with other suppliers
                   for the goods and services for which we only provide specifications. Our list of
                   Approved Suppliers and specifications for goods and services will be set forth in the
                   Operations Manual or in other materials we give you from time to time. We may
                   require you to enter into agreements with designated suppliers (which may include
                   our Affiliates or us) and update such agreements from time to time to reflect changes
                   in the System or the supplier relationship. Such agreements may also provide that
                   updates to the agreements are automatically effective upon thirty (30) days’ written
                   notice to you or such shorter period of time as you and the designated supplier may
                   agree. We may modify the list of approved brands and/or suppliers from time to time.
                   After notice of such modification, you may not utilize any supplier that is no longer
                   approved. Upon our disapproval of a supplier, you must undertake commercially
                   reasonable efforts to terminate your agreement with such supplier within a reasonable
                   amount of time. We recommend that you obtain the right to terminate a vendor
                   agreement if the supplier ceases to be an approved supplier to the System. Your
                   failure to do so may result in additional expense or liability. You agree to purchase
                   products and services for the BUSINESS in the manner set forth in the Operations
                   Manual, which may include, among other requirements, the obligation to place all
                   such orders via our Designated Franchise Portal or another system. You hereby
                   acknowledge that suppliers may regularly share your account information with us and
                   you agree to facilitate your suppliers’ sharing of information with us. We may request
                   or direct your suppliers not to perform certain services or supply certain products if
                   the requested products or services would violate our mandatory Methods of
                   Operation or applicable law. Any sharing of Confidential Information, Business
                   Information or Personal Data with a supplier is to subject to the requirements of
                   Articles 8.2, 9.14 and 11.4. Your failure to comply with such requirements is a
                   material breach of this Agreement.

             (3)   Proposed Suppliers. You may propose to use a supplier that is not then approved by
                   us. In evaluating the proposed supplier, we may consider a variety of factors
                   including, but not limited to, the prospective supplier’s: (a) ability to meet our
                   standards and specifications, (b) standards of service, (c) capacity to provide adequate
                   and timely supply, (d) commercial reputation, (e) pricing and shipping costs, (f) data
                   security and privacy policies and practices, (g) relationships, if any, with any
                   Competitive Business, and (h) willingness to enter into a supply agreement
                   acceptable to us. We may consider your request in the context of the System as a
                   whole and may evaluate its potential impact on our existing commercial
                   commitments to and relationships with other vendors. Our evaluation and approval
                   or denial of your request will be made in our sole discretion. We will notify you of
                   our decision. We have the right to charge reasonable fees to cover our costs in
                   reviewing your request, including evaluating the supplier and, if applicable,
                   negotiating an agreement with them. We may impose various requirements on the
                   proposed supplier including, but not limited to, following our then-current new
                   supplier application process, complying with our then-current supplier conflict of
                   interest policy and vendor code of conduct and, entering into an agreement with us.

             (4)   Inventory and Testing. You must maintain at all times an inventory of approved
                   merchandise related to the PLANET FITNESS concept sufficient in quantity,




FDD - 2025                  PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 28                           PLANET FITNESS®
