              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


Section VII -- Manager’s Role and Duties

        A.     Manager’s Role. The Manager shall be responsible for administering the Co-op,
including, but not limited to: (i) giving notice of, conducting and taking minutes of all meetings
of the Co-op; (ii) executing all orders, votes, and resolutions not otherwise committed; (iii)
maintaining a current list of Members; (iv) developing and implementing, with the assistance of
an Approved Marketing Agency, the Marketing Plan; (v) receiving and accounting for Co-op
funds in accordance with Section VII.B; (vi) expending Co-op funds in accordance with the
Marketing Plan and as authorized by the Co-op; (vii) engaging an Approved Marketing Agency
any other third parties in furtherance of Co-op’s Purpose and supervising such third parties in the
discharge of their duties; (viii) preparing and distributing to the Members and Franchisor a
quarterly summary of the transactions and financial condition of the Co-op (including income
and expenditures of the Co-op); (xi) providing any annual or periodic financial or operating
statements, projections, and budgets to Members and Franchisor in a timely manner; and (x)
keeping Co-op records.

         B.      Monies Received. The Manager shall deposit all sums received pursuant to these
Bylaws in the Co-op’s bank account or other bank account (or account at another financial
institution) selected by the Manager for the Co-op’s monies. The Manager shall provide
Members and Franchisor with a timely quarterly statement of such account. The Manager shall
have sole check-signing or electronic payment authority. The Manager shall also have the right
to appoint an independent third party, approved by Franchisor, to collect and manage the sums
received on behalf of the Co-op. The funds, books, and vouchers in the hands of the Manager
shall, with the exception of confidential reports submitted by Members, at all times be subject to
verification and inspection by the Members of the Co-op and Franchisor.

        C.     Approval of Disbursement by Members. The Co-op’s monies shall be spent
only on those advertising, marketing, and promotional programs specified in the Marketing Plan
and for approved management and administrative expenses. If not previously approved in the
Marketing Plan (or as otherwise permitted in these Bylaws), any expenditure of the Co-op’s
monies shall be approved, before such expenditure, by Majority Vote. Annually, the Co-op may
use up to Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) of the funds of the Co-op to conduct Co-op meetings
and/or pay for administrative expenses in addition to any approved management fee.

       D.      Power to Enter into Contracts. Only the Manager (and agents that the Manager
may authorize) shall have the power to enter into contracts on behalf of the Co-op. If the
Manager is made up of more than one individual, only one of the individuals need enter into the
contract on behalf of the Co-op in order for the contract to be effective.

Section VIII -- Committees; Advisory Council

       A.     Committees. The Co-op, upon a Majority Vote, shall have the right to form
various committees, from time to time, and shall have the power to appoint Members to serve on
such committees. Subject to Section V.F, only Members in Good Standing (or their
Representatives) may serve on Co-op committees.




                                                 7
