                   expense. We reserve the right to perform and/or control all aspects of the response to
                   such event to the maximum extent permitted by law including, without limitation, the
                   investigation, containment and resolution of the event and all communications with
                   the PLANET FITNESS franchise system, vendors and suppliers, members, law
                   enforcement agencies, federal and state regulatory authorities, and the general public.
                   In the event we elect to perform and/or control some or all aspects of the response to
                   a Data Event you shall fully cooperate with all reasonable requests and inquiries and
                   make all requested information, documents, systems, and personnel reasonably
                   accessible and available. Our control of the response may potentially affect or
                   interrupt operations of the BUSINESS but does not create any additional rights for
                   you, entitle you to damages or relieve you of your indemnification obligations
                   pursuant to Article 18.4. Notwithstanding our right to perform and/or control all
                   aspects of the response to a Data Event, we agree to make commercially reasonable
                   efforts to coordinate such response with you and your insurance carrier(s) and to
                   reasonably cooperate with your insurance carrier(s) regarding insurance coverage of
                   such Data Event to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances. You
                   are solely responsible for providing any legally required notices and credit and
                   transaction monitoring services and any other response required under applicable
                   law, unless otherwise directed by us in writing.

             (2)   Data Security and Privacy Standards. You shall establish physical, technical and
                   administrative safeguards against the loss, theft, mishandling, or improper alteration,
                   or disclosure of data and unauthorized access to your systems consistent with current
                   industry standards, including, but not limited to, encryption and redaction practices.
                   You shall at all times comply with: (a) the Payment Card Industry Data Security
                   Standards, (b) the NACHA ACH Security Framework, (c) Payment Rules, (d)
                   applicable laws and regulations relating to electronic payments, data and/or personal
                   information, privacy, data security and security breaches including, but not limited
                   to, if applicable, state consumer privacy laws and laws implementing the European
                   General Data Protection Regulation and (e) our security policies and guidelines, all
                   as may be amended from time to time ((a) through (e) collectively, “Data Rules”).
                   You shall fully cooperate with us and our Affiliates in meeting our compliance
                   obligations under applicable Data Rules and refrain from any action that may cause
                   us or any of our Affiliates to violate any applicable Data Rule. You shall notify us
                   immediately in the event you discover that you are not in compliance with the Data
                   Rules. We may designate certain third-party consultant(s) to administer our data
                   security program and evaluate your compliance with the aforementioned standards.
                   You must meet promptly the reasonable requirements of any such consultant(s) and
                   maintain those certifications of compliance that we deem appropriate in our
                   reasonable discretion. We may require you to, at your expense: (a) use suppliers we
                   designate or approve to provide data security or privacy services and/or audit your
                   compliance with the Data Rules, and (b) provide us with evidence of compliance with
                   the Data Rules (including copies of any audits) promptly upon our request. You are
                   expected, at your expense, to obtain independent advice from appropriate legal and
                   security consultants (which may include consultants we require or designate) to
                   ensure that you operate your BUSINESS at all times in full compliance with the Data
                   Rules.

             (3)   Limitations on Personal Data. You agree to limit the collection of Personal Data to
                   that which is reasonably necessary and proportionate to the operation of the
                   BUSINESS in accordance with this Agreement, to provide all legally required notices
                   to consumers at the time of such collection of Personal Data, and to not retain, use,
                   process or disclose Personal Data for any other purpose. You will not sell, rent or
                   license Personal Data and may not disclose or authorize access to Personal Data to
                   third parties (except your affiliates that are developing or operating PLANET




FDD - 2025                  PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 32                       PLANET FITNESS®
