        D. No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree
relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade
regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding
brought by a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities
association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association or exchange; or is
subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity
as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department, including, without limitation,
actions affecting a license as a real estate broker or sales agent.

        Item 5.

        The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as
such in our discretion.

        Items 17(c) and 17(m).

        To the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action
arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of
New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this
proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687(4) and 687(5) be
satisfied.

        Item 17(d).

        You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.

        Items 17(v) and 17(w).

        The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon
the franchisor or franchisee by the General Business law of the State of New York, Article 33.

Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective only to
the extent that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of New York General
Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680 through 695, are met independently without reference to
this Addendum.

        Franchise Questionnaires or Acknowledgments.

         No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.




                                             M-2                            PLANET FITNESS®
