Agreement and, except as provided in the Franchise Agreement, for all costs you reasonably incur
in defending any infringement claim brought by a third party against you or any proceeding in
which you are named as a party, if you have timely notified us of the claim or proceeding and you
and your owners are in compliance with the Franchise Agreement and all other agreements entered
into with us and our affiliates. We or our affiliate(s) will be entitled to prosecute, defend or settle
any proceeding arising out of your use of any Mark, and, if we or our affiliate(s) decide to
prosecute, defend or settle any matter, we have no obligation to indemnify or reimburse you for
any fees or disbursements of counsel you retain.

        You must follow our standards when you use our Marks. You may not use any Mark (or
portion of any Mark) as part of your URL, social media, e-mail address, personal website unrelated
to our business or System, or in selling any product or service that we have not authorized
(“Unauthorized Use”). Specifically, you may not use the words “Planet Fitness,” nor may you use
our initials “PF.” Similarly, except for the word “Fitness,” your use of any Mark (or portion of any
Mark as noted above) as part of your corporate, limited liability company or partnership name will
constitute Unauthorized Use. You must properly attribute ownership of the Marks to us and/or
our affiliate, as appropriate, and use the notices of trademark and service mark registrations that
we specify. You also may be required to obtain fictitious or assumed name registrations (also
sometimes called “dba”) if required by local law. You may not authorize any vendor, commercial
partner or other third party, including third-party sponsorship partners, to use our Marks.

                                 ITEM 14
            PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

        There are no registered patents, pending patent applications, or copyrights that are material
to the franchise, although we do claim copyright ownership and protection for our PLANET
FITNESS Franchise Agreement, Operations Manual, for various sales or promotional materials
and other advertising and marketing (whether conducted or created by you or us) and other
materials published periodically.

        There are no currently effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office
(Library of Congress), United States Patent and Trademark Office, or any court, or any pending
infringement, opposition or cancellation proceeding or any pending material litigation involving
any patents or copyrights. Except as noted below, there are currently no agreements in effect that
significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of any patents or copyrights in any manner
material to the franchise. There are no infringing uses actually known to us that could materially
affect your use of the patents or copyrights.

        We are not obligated to protect you against infringement or unfair competition claims
arising out of your use of any patents or copyrights, or to participate in your defense or indemnify
you. We reserve the right to control any litigation related to any patents and copyrights and we
have the sole right to decide to pursue or settle any infringement actions related to the patents or
copyrights. You must notify us promptly of any infringement or unauthorized use of the Marks of
which you become aware.

       You must keep confidential during and after the term of the Franchise Agreement all
proprietary information, including the Methods of Operations, Operations Manual, Means &

FDD – September 2025                                                              PLANET FITNESS®
                                                  62
