                    (2)      You and your Owners must also maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary
                             information you develop or collect in connection with the BUSINESS (“Business
                             Information”). You and your Owners may use Business Information in connection
                             with your BUSINESS in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement and for such
                             purposes as may be reasonably related to your status as a PLANET FITNESS
                             franchisee. You and your Owners may not use Business Information in any other
                             business or capacity, and must exercise best efforts, including the implementation of
                             all reasonable procedures we prescribe from time to time, to prevent unauthorized
                             use or disclosure of the Business Information.

                    (3)      You acknowledge you are aware that (i) the Confidential Information and Business
                             Information may relate to publicly traded securities, and (ii) the restrictions imposed
                             by applicable securities laws restrict trading in securities while in possession of
                             material non-public information and on communication of such information when it
                             is reasonably foreseeable that the recipient is likely to trade such securities, in reliance
                             on such information. You and your Owners agree not to trade, either directly or
                             through other persons, based on Confidential Information or Business Information in
                             a manner that would violate the securities law of any applicable jurisdiction
                             including, without limitation, the United States securities laws. Except for
                             confidential communications in connection with a business purpose related to the
                             development, operation or financing of your BUSINESS (including valuing,
                             financing or marketing the BUSINESS for sale), you may not discuss any non-public
                             information about the BUSINESS or the System with investment analysts,
                             investment research firms, consulting firms or other third parties without our prior
                             written consent. For the avoidance of doubt, your failure to comply with any of the
                             requirements of this Article 8.2(3) may subject you to civil or criminal liability and
                             is a material breach of this Agreement. You agree, in addition to all of our other
                             rights and remedies available hereunder and under applicable law, you will indemnify
                             us for our costs in obtaining professional advice, making public filings, responding
                             to regulators or otherwise responding to such breach.

                    (4)      If you become legally compelled by a judicial or legislative order of a governmental
                             authority or court of competent jurisdiction to disclose any of the Confidential
                             Information, you shall provide us with prompt written notice of such requirement
                             before you disclose any Confidential Information so that we may seek a protective
                             order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the terms of this
                             Article 8.2. Upon our request, you shall take all reasonable steps requested to assist
                             us in contesting such request for disclosure. If a protective order or other remedy is
                             not obtained, or we waive compliance with this Article 8.2, you agree to furnish only
                             that portion of the Confidential Information you are advised by counsel is legally
                             required to be disclosed and to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
                             assurance that confidential treatment will be afforded to such Confidential
                             Information.

9.       OPERATIONS.

         9.1   COMPLIANCE WITH METHODS OF OPERATION. You acknowledge that each and every
               aspect of the interior and exterior appearance, layout, decor, services and operation of your
               BUSINESS is important to protect our reputation and goodwill and to maintain uniform operating
               standards under the Marks. Any required standards exist to protect our interest in the System and
               the Marks for other franchisees and to create a consistent positive member experience and not to
               control the day-to-day operation of the BUSINESS, or reserve or establish any control, or the right
               or duty to take control, over those matters that are clearly reserved to you, which include
               employment matters. You agree to comply with all mandatory Methods of Operation (whether
               contained in the Operations Manual or any other communication), including, but not limited to:




FDD - 2025                            PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 23                           PLANET FITNESS®
