                personnel, including hiring, firing, scheduling, compensation, training, supervision and discipline,
                regardless of whether you receive advice from us on any of these subjects. Should you receive any
                such advice from us, you alone will determine to what extent, if any, you will implement our
                suggestions.

         9.8    INSURANCE. You must procure and maintain in force from an insurance company with an “A-”
                or better rating by AM Best and a Financial Rating of “VIII” or better primary insurance coverage
                as follows: commercial general liability insurance (including coverage for any consolidated claims
                against us and our Affiliates); Special Form property insurance, including fire and extended
                coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief insurance for one hundred percent (100%) of the
                replacement value of your BUSINESS and its contents; and such other insurance policies, such as
                business interruption insurance, abuse and molestation insurance, tanning insurance, employment
                practices liability insurance, automobile insurance, unemployment insurance, cyber liability
                insurance, excess umbrella insurance and workers’ compensation insurance (with a broad form all-
                states endorsement) as we specify from time to time and as required by law. For any interruption in
                the operation of the BUSINESS (except for an interruption due to a remodel of the BUSINESS),
                you shall continue to pay us, during such period of interruption, continuing Royalty fees based on
                the average monthly Royalty fees paid by you during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding
                the period of interruption. However, if (a) such interruption is due to a Force Majeure Event as
                described in Article 19.5, (b) you have obtained the insurance coverage we require or reasonably
                recommend, and (c) you properly and timely submit all applicable insurance claims, the Royalty
                fees payable to us during such period of interruption will be based on the insurance payments, if
                any, you receive. Your insurance must also cover identity theft and theft of personal information,
                including the costs of notifying members whose information has been compromised. All insurance
                policies must be issued by carriers approved by us (as set forth in the Operations Manual or
                otherwise in writing); contain such types and minimum amounts of coverage, exclusions and
                maximum deductibles as we prescribe from time to time in our current Operations Manual or
                otherwise in writing from time to time; name us and our Affiliates, through an additional insured
                endorsement, as additional insureds; provide for thirty (30) days prior written notice for any
                reduction in insurance limits, downgraded insurance paper or, cancellation or expiration of such
                policy; and include such other provisions as we may require from time to time. All insurance
                policies must contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against us, our Affiliates and our and their
                successors and assigns. At our request, you must furnish us with a Certificate of Insurance on an
                annual basis. We reserve the right to request schedules of insurance and/or insurance policy copies
                to review for compliance. You will have a reasonable period of time, and in no event less than thirty
                (30) days, within which to comply with any changes in our insurance coverage requirements. If you
                fail or refuse to maintain any required insurance coverage, or to furnish satisfactory evidence
                thereof, we, at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies hereunder, may obtain
                such insurance coverage on your behalf. If we do so, you must fully cooperate with us in our effort
                to obtain such insurance policies and reimburse us any costs and premiums we incur within ten (10)
                Business Days of the applicable request. You acknowledge that your insurance requirements may
                be different than the requirements for other franchisees. Your obligation to maintain insurance
                coverage is not diminished in any manner by reason of any separate insurance we may choose to
                maintain, nor does it relieve you of your indemnification obligations under this Agreement. We do
                not guarantee that any insurance we require or recommend you to purchase, or which we purchase
                on your behalf, will provide adequate coverage for you. You should consult with your own advisors
                to determine if any additional insurance coverage is recommended for your BUSINESS.

         9.9    QUALITY CONTROL. We have the right to establish “quality control” programs, such as a
                “secret shopper” program, a customer satisfaction measurement program, and/or a “customer
                intercept” program, to ensure the highest quality of service and products in all PLANET FITNESS
                Businesses. You shall participate in any such quality control programs, and bear your pro-rata share,
                as determined by us, of the costs of any such program.

         9.10   PRICING POLICIES. We reserve the right to establish prices for the products and services you
                sell, both minimum and maximum, subject to applicable law. We may also require you to comply




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 30                       PLANET FITNESS®
