         13.4   TRANSFER TO A WHOLLY OWNED ENTITY. Notwithstanding Article 13.3, if you are in
                full compliance with this Agreement, you may Transfer this Agreement to an Entity which conducts
                no business other than the BUSINESS and, if applicable, other PLANET FITNESS Businesses, in
                which you maintain management control and of which you own and control one hundred percent
                (100%) of the equity and voting power of all issued and outstanding ownership interests, and further
                provided that all assets of the BUSINESS are owned, and the entire business of the BUSINESS is
                conducted, by a single Entity. Transfers of ownership interests in such Entity will be subject to the
                provisions of Article 13.3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you agree to remain
                liable under this Agreement as if the Transfer to such Entity had not occurred, and agree to execute
                Appendix B to this Agreement (Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations).

         13.5   TRANSFER UPON YOUR DEATH OR DISABILITY. Upon your death or Permanent
                Disability or, if you are an Entity, the death or Permanent Disability of an Owner of a Controlling
                Interest in you, your or such Owner’s executor, administrator, conservator, guardian or other
                personal representative must Transfer your interest in this Agreement or such Owner’s interest in
                you to a third party. Such disposition of this Agreement or the interest in you (including, without
                limitation, Transfer by bequest or inheritance) must be completed within a reasonable time, not to
                exceed six (6) months from the date of death (or if later, such date that such Transfer may be legally
                completed) or Permanent Disability, and will be subject to all of the terms and conditions applicable
                to Transfers contained in this Article 13. A failure to Transfer your interest in this Agreement or the
                ownership interest in you within this period of time constitutes a material breach of this Agreement.

         13.6   OPERATION UPON YOUR DEATH OR DISABILITY. If, upon your death or Permanent
                Disability or the death or Permanent Disability of your Responsible Owner, the BUSINESS is not
                being managed by a Responsible Owner or Approved Operator, you or your or such Owner’s
                executor, administrator, conservator, guardian or other personal representative must within a
                reasonable time, not to exceed fifteen (15) days from the date of death or Permanent Disability,
                appoint an Approved Operator to operate the BUSINESS. Such individual will be required to
                successfully complete Initial Training at your expense within sixty (60) days of being appointed to
                operate the BUSINESS. Pending the appointment of an Approved Operator as provided above or if,
                in our judgment, the BUSINESS is not being managed properly any time after your death or
                Permanent Disability or after the death or Permanent Disability of your Responsible Owner, we
                have the right, but not the obligation, to appoint a manager for the BUSINESS. All funds from the
                operation of the BUSINESS during the management by our appointed manager will be kept in a
                separate account, and all expenses of the BUSINESS, including compensation, other costs and travel
                and living expenses of our manager, will be charged to this account. You shall be responsible for
                any expenses in excess of revenues during such period. Operation of the BUSINESS during any
                such period will be on your behalf, provided that we only have a duty to utilize reasonable efforts
                in doing so and will not be liable to you or your Owners for any debts, losses or obligations incurred
                by the BUSINESS or to any of your creditors for any products, materials, supplies or services the
                BUSINESS purchases during any period it is managed by our appointed manager.

         13.7   BONA FIDE OFFERS. If you (or any of your Owners) at any time determine to Transfer for
                consideration an interest in this Agreement and the BUSINESS or an ownership interest in you, you
                (or such Owner) shall:

                     (1)       disclose to us any broker that you retain for the purpose of marketing the BUSINESS
                               for sale;

                     (2)       provide us with such additional information that we may reasonably request from
                               time to time, including, but not limited to, a draft of the offering materials you intend
                               to circulate and a list of offerors or prospective purchasers; and

                     (3)       if there is an offer you are willing to accept, obtain a bona fide, executed written offer
                               which includes details of the payment terms of the proposed sale (an “Offer”) and a
                               complete franchise application from a fully disclosed offeror including lists of the




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 49                          PLANET FITNESS®
