               (5)         Late-Term Requirements. If we notify you of requirements to remodel or replace your
                           equipment in the last two (2) years of the Term of the Agreement and you do not wish to
                           acquire a successor franchise, you may be excused from such requirements provided that:
                           (a) you have remodeled the BUSINESS and upgraded your fitness and amenity equipment
                           as required during the Term of this Agreement and (b) you enter into an agreement, in form
                           and substance acceptable to us, in which, among other things, (i) you and we agree to
                           mutually terminate the Franchise effective as of the expiration of the Term, (ii) you agree
                           to comply with our closure and de-branding requirements, (iii) you and your Owners ratify
                           your post-termination covenants to us and confirm the survival of provisions intended to
                           survive the termination of this Agreement, and (iv) you and your Owners release all claims
                           arising from the BUSINESS against us and our Affiliates.

               (6)         De-branding. You must comply with our then-current de-branding requirements in
                           connection with the replacement or removal of equipment, signage or other items that
                           contain any of the Marks. If you donate the equipment through a charitable donation
                           program that we have designated in our Operations Manual or approved in writing, you
                           may not be required to de-brand the equipment. Otherwise, if you wish to sell or donate
                           any equipment that contains the Marks, you must: (a) use the supplier(s) we designate or
                           have approved; or (b) if we have not designated or approved one or more supplier(s), then
                           you must ensure the de-branding of the equipment and removal of all Marks (including,
                           but not limited to, the purple and yellow color scheme) prior to selling or donating such
                           equipment and retain evidence to establish that such de-branding has been completed. For
                           the avoidance of doubt, your failure to comply with any of the requirements of this Article
                           9.3(6) is a material breach of this Agreement, and you agree, in addition to all of our other
                           rights and remedies available hereunder and under applicable law, you will indemnify us
                           for our costs in attempting to de-brand the equipment including, but not limited to, our
                           costs to repurchase such equipment from third parties. You agree to cooperate with all such
                           efforts. If such equipment cannot be repurchased or de-branded, you will pay our then-
                           current de-brand deficiency fee.

               (7)         Casualty. If your BUSINESS is damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty, you must
                           initiate within thirty (30) days of such damage or destruction (and continue until
                           completion) all repairs or reconstruction to restore your BUSINESS to its original
                           condition. If, in our reasonable judgment, the damage or destruction is of such a nature that
                           it is feasible, without incurring substantial additional costs, to repair or reconstruct your
                           BUSINESS in accordance with the then-standard PLANET FITNESS layout and decor
                           specifications, we may require you to repair or reconstruct your BUSINESS in accordance
                           with those specifications.

         9.4   PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

                     (1)        Required Products and Services. Your BUSINESS will offer for sale such services
                                and products related to the PLANET FITNESS concept that we determine from time
                                to time to be appropriate for your BUSINESS. You further agree that your
                                BUSINESS will not, without our written approval, offer any services or products
                                (including, but not limited to, promotional items, pilots or programs) not then
                                authorized by us. Your BUSINESS may not be used for any purpose other than the
                                operation of a PLANET FITNESS Business in compliance with this Agreement.
                                You may offer personal training only if permitted by our then-current personal
                                training policies or as we otherwise approve in writing.

                     (2)        Sources of Supply. Your BUSINESS will use and/or offer for sale only such services,
                                products, uniforms, forms, labels and other supplies that conform to our
                                specifications and quality standards and/or are purchased from suppliers approved by
                                us (which may include or be limited to us and/or our Affiliates). We may impose
                                limits on the number of approved suppliers, and may designate our Affiliate or us as




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 27                       PLANET FITNESS®
