                            with the requirements of this Article 10.2(2) more than once in any thirty-six (36)
                            month period of time, in addition to any other rights or remedies we may have
                            herein and under applicable law, we may collect the LAF Shortfall from you as
                            provided in Article 5.9 hereof and contribute such amount to the NAF, without
                            any opportunity to cure.

                   (e)      We may collect the LAF (in whole or in part) from you and other franchisees if,
                            in our business judgment, we determine such conduct is appropriate. We shall
                            provide you with not less than thirty (30) days’ notice of any determination by us
                            which changes the amount of the LAF you must spend or the method of its
                            expenditure, with any increase to the required LAF spend being subject to
                            approval pursuant to the voting requirements of Article 10.1. LAF contributions
                            will be payable on the first Business Day following the immediately preceding
                            Monthly Membership Accounting Period together with the Royalty due
                            hereunder. Said funds may be collected from you as provided in Article 5.9. The
                            LAF monies will be used to pay for the cost of implementing local marketing
                            plans developed by you and approved by us or to reimburse you (up to an amount
                            not to exceed the LAF contributions so collected) for the costs incurred by you in
                            implementing local marketing plans developed by you and approved by us.

             (3)         Relocation Marketing. In the event of a Relocation of the BUSINESS, you agree to
                         collaborate with us to develop a marketing plan for your relocation (the “Relocation
                         Marketing Plan”). The Relocation Marketing Plan may cover the period beginning
                         up to sixty (60) days prior to the Relocation and ending up to sixty (60) days
                         following the Relocation (the “Relocation Period”) and shall contain the Marketing
                         Plan Items. You shall submit to us for approval a draft of the Relocation Marketing
                         Plan at least one hundred twenty (120) days before the intended Relocation date. Our
                         approval of the Relocation Marketing Plan shall be based on its compliance with our
                         Methods of Operation and shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
                         delayed. We will either approve or disapprove the Relocation Marketing Plan within
                         fourteen (14) days of submission of such plan to us, and, in the case of our
                         disapproval, we will provide feedback on the plan submitted. You must spend an
                         amount set by us, which may be up to Thirty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($30,000) per
                         every thirty (30) days, during the Relocation Period in accordance with your
                         Relocation Marketing Plan. Such expenditures, if made in compliance with this
                         Article 10.2, will count towards your LAF spending requirements.

             (4)         Qualifying Expenditures. Qualifying marketing expenditures under this Article 10.2
                         may include: (x) amounts spent by you for advertising media such as television, radio,
                         Internet, newspaper, billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral and promotional items,
                         advertising on public vehicles (transit and aerial) and, if not provided by us, costs of
                         producing approved materials necessary to participate in these media; and (y) only
                         with respect to ongoing local marketing expenditures under Article 10.2(2), amounts
                         contributed to Cooperatives. Amounts spent for items that we, in our reasonable
                         judgment, deem inappropriate for meeting your minimum advertising requirements
                         under this Article 10.2 will not count towards such requirements. Such non-
                         qualifying expenditures include, but are not limited to, interior or exterior signage,
                         promotional club expenses for items to be distributed onsite (such as T-shirts, pens,
                         stickers, pizza, bagels, and member identification, but excluding other mandatory
                         giveaway items), lighting, preparing the physical location of the Pre-Sale, the start-
                         up inventory, furniture, fixtures, software, equipment or supplies we require you to
                         obtain prior to commencing operation of the BUSINESS, labor, personnel salaries or
                         administrative costs, consulting fees, transportation vehicles (even though such
                         vehicles may display the Marks), Yellow Pages advertising, discounts, free offers,
                         member retention efforts (other than working media) and employee incentive




FDD - 2025                        PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 39                        PLANET FITNESS®
