                   (b)      The pre-sale/grand opening marketing period begins no less than sixty (60) days
                            immediately preceding your intended Business Commencement Date, and it may
                            last as long as one hundred eighty (180) days after commencing BUSINESS
                            operations (“Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period”). You must spend an
                            amount set by us, which shall be no less than Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars
                            ($20,000) per every thirty (30) days and may be up to Thirty Thousand U.S.
                            Dollars ($30,000) per every thirty (30) days, during the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening
                            Marketing Period on your pre-sale/grand opening marketing obligations (the
                            “Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense”), provided that the cumulative
                            Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense shall not exceed One Hundred and
                            Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($120,000) absent a material delay in the
                            commencement of BUSINESS operations. We will determine, after consultation
                            with you, the amount of the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense and the
                            length and start date of the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period based upon
                            the location of the BUSINESS, demographics and other factors. Upon written
                            request from you, we may, in our sole discretion, reduce the length of the Pre-
                            Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period and the monetary amount of the Pre-
                            Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense actually required to be committed during
                            the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period, based on, among other things,
                            market saturation and the existence of any Cooperative (if one exists in your
                            region) in which you participate.

                   (c)      Unless the local marketing agency provides us with such information, you must
                            submit to us in the format we designate (i) at least fourteen (14) days prior to your
                            intended Business Commencement Date, your planned media spend under your
                            Grand Opening Marketing Plan, (ii) within fourteen (14) days after your Business
                            Commencement Date, your actual spend in executing your Pre-Sale Marketing
                            Plan, and (iii) within fourteen (14) days after the end of each month after the
                            Business Commencement Date during the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing
                            Period, your actual spend in executing your Grand Opening Marketing Plan.

                   (d)      If you materially fail to execute your approved Pre-Sale Marketing Plan or Grand
                            Opening Marketing Plan, we may, after providing you with written notice and a
                            fourteen (14) day opportunity to commence or continue the execution of such
                            plan, execute such plan on your behalf and at your expense, which may include
                            the administrative costs we actually incur, based on a reasonable allocation of
                            personnel salaries for the time spent by our employees to administer the plan on
                            your behalf. You agree that the expense we incur on your behalf shall be owed to
                            us, shall be promptly paid to us by you and, if not paid to us within fourteen (14)
                            days of our invoice, shall be collectible by us as described in Article 5.9.

             (2)         Ongoing Local Marketing. You agree to conduct ongoing local marketing for the
                         BUSINESS.

                   (a)      In addition to the contributions you pay to the NAF and the Pre-Sale/Grand
                            Opening Marketing Expense, you agree to spend at least the following amounts
                            on local advertising and promotion (“Local Advertising Funds” or “LAF”),
                            subject to Appendix G for the calendar year 2026:

                            (i) For each calendar year, the greater of (i) $60,000 or (ii) 7% of cumulative
                                Monthly EFT for that year;

                            (ii) During the first quarter of each calendar year, the greater of (i) $24,000 or (ii)
                                 10% of cumulative Monthly EFT for the first quarter; and




FDD - 2025                        PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 37                          PLANET FITNESS®
