                necessary or desirable, including the right to obtain such information from vendors, and you agree
                to fully cooperate with such efforts.

         11.2   PERIODIC REPORTS. You must, upon our written request, furnish us:

                (1)      within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal quarter, a quarterly balance sheet, income
                         statement and statement of cash flow of your BUSINESS for such quarter, reflecting any
                         adjustments and accruals;

                (2)      within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year, a year-end balance sheet, income
                         statement and statement of cash flow of your BUSINESS for such year, reflecting all year-
                         end adjustments and accruals; and

                (3)      within thirty (30) days of our request, such other information as we may reasonably require
                         from time to time, including sales and cost data and sales and income tax statements and
                         non-financial information. All financial reports shall use our then-current standard chart of
                         accounts.

         11.3   VERIFICATION. You agree to verify and sign each report and financial statement in the manner
                we prescribe. We reserve the right to require that your annual financial statements be audited, at
                your expense, by an independent certified public accountant approved by us. We reserve the right
                to publish or disclose information that we obtain under this Article as provided in Article 19.18
                hereof.

         11.4   USE OF DATA. You shall use all data pertaining to your BUSINESS, and all data you create or
                collect in connection with the System, or in connection with your operation of the BUSINESS
                (including, without limitation, data pertaining to or otherwise concerning your members) or
                otherwise provided by you (including, without limitation, data collected by, uploaded to, or
                downloaded from your computer, POS systems or billing system) (collectively, “Business Data”)
                solely in connection with the BUSINESS, and subject to the terms of this Agreement and any other
                limitations that we may reasonably impose in writing from time to time. We will have the right to
                access and use the Business Data in any manner that we deem appropriate without compensation to
                you. You agree to make all such Business Data accessible to us upon our request. Notwithstanding
                the foregoing, you may, after the Term of this Agreement, keep and retain any and all Business Data
                and records related to the same to the extent required for tax, accounting, and legal purposes only,
                but may not use Business Data for other purposes. We may, at our option, provide you with financial
                and other information derived from the System, including information contained in or resulting from
                information, data, materials, statements and reports related, directly or indirectly, to the BUSINESS
                (collectively, “System Data”). You acknowledge that any sharing of data between us is not for
                monetary or other consideration (and therefore shall not constitute a sale of such information) and
                is solely to facilitate our respective provision of services and the operation of the BUSINESS as
                contemplated herein. Business Data (including all Personal Data) and System Data shall be
                considered Business Information, subject to the restrictions of Article 8 hereof.

12.      INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS.

         12.1   OUR RIGHT TO INSPECT THE BUSINESS. To determine whether you and the BUSINESS
                are complying with this Agreement and the mandatory Methods of Operation, we and our designated
                agents have the right at any time during your operating hours, and without prior notice to you, to:

                (1)      inspect the BUSINESS;

                (2)      observe, photograph, videotape and make other electronic records of the operations of the
                         BUSINESS for such consecutive or intermittent periods as we deem necessary;




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 44                         PLANET FITNESS®
