                                                                     Article in
                           Article in    Article in    Article in       Area        Article in   Disclosure
                           Franchise     Successor    Acquisition   Development    Conversion    Document
       Obligation          Agreement    Amendment     Amendment      Agreement     Amendment        Item
 x.   Dispute resolution      19            Not           Not        22, 23, and       Not           17
                                         applicable    applicable        24         applicable
 y.   Other – Guaranty      2.2, 13.4       Not           Not            Not           Not          Not
      (Note 1)                           applicable    applicable    applicable     applicable   applicable

1. Franchise Agreement - Any person or entity who has a 10% or greater interest in you must sign
the Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations, the current form of which is attached to the Franchise
Agreement, agreeing to be personally bound by the Franchise Agreement and guaranteeing your
obligations under it. We may allow an affiliate to sign this Guaranty in lieu of these owners if the
affiliate meets our requirements. See Item 16.

                                                ITEM 10
                                              FINANCING

        We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee your note, lease or
obligation.

                                 ITEM 11
      FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND
                                TRAINING

       Except as listed below, the Franchisor is not required to provide you with any
assistance.

       If you purchase a company-owned location, we will incur similar obligations to you as
described in this Item 11. Unless specified otherwise, all references are references to articles or
sections of the Franchise Agreement.

        We may provide you any of these services through our employees or representatives,
through our affiliates, or through any third party provider we designate. Under the management
agreement between Holdings and us, as described in Item 1 above, Holdings, acting as Manager,
will, at all times acting on our behalf, discharge all of our duties and obligations under Planet
Fitness Franchise Agreements and Area Development Agreements in the United States.

Franchise Agreement

         Pre-Opening Assistance

         Before you open your PLANET FITNESS business, we will:

         1.      Instruct you in Methods of Operations (Article 9);

         2.      Approve your choice of a location (Article 4.1.). The factors we consider regarding
                 your choice of a location for your PLANET FITNESS franchise include general
                 location and neighborhood, demographics, zoning, traffic patterns, parking, street

FDD – September 2025                                                                 PLANET FITNESS®
                                                      37
