                 operation by us, including, but not limited to, travel, food, lodging, and salaries of our
                 representatives who operate the BUSINESS and any expenses in excess of revenues during such
                 period. We shall periodically remit to you any revenues of the BUSINESS we may collect, less any
                 expenses of the BUSINESS we may pay on your behalf from such revenues or otherwise, and less
                 a reasonable working capital reserve. You shall indemnify and hold harmless us and our
                 representatives from any and all claims arising from the acts and omissions of us and our
                 representatives pursuant to this Article 15.6.

16.      OUR AND YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF
         THIS AGREEMENT. On expiration, without your acquisition of a successor franchise, or termination of
         this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, you agree to comply with all of the obligations described in this
         Article 16.

         16.1    PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED TO US. You agree to pay us or our Affiliates within fifteen
                 (15) days after the effective date of termination, for any reason, or expiration, without your
                 acquisition of a successor franchise, of this Agreement, or on such later date that the amounts due
                 are determined, such Royalties, Ad Fees, amounts owed for purchases from us or our Affiliates,
                 interest due on any of the foregoing and all other amounts owed to us or our Affiliates which are
                 then unpaid.

         16.2    MARKS AND SYSTEM. Upon the termination, for any reason, or expiration, without your
                 acquisition of a successor franchise, of this Agreement:

                 (1)      you must immediately (in any event, within no later than five (5) days) cease use of the
                          System and all intellectual property rights in or associated with the System;

                 (2)      you may not directly or indirectly, at any time or in any manner (except with respect to
                          other PLANET FITNESS Businesses you own and operate), identify yourself or any
                          business as a current or former PLANET FITNESS Business, or as one of our licensees
                          or franchisees, use any Marks, any colorable imitation thereof or other indicia of a
                          PLANET FITNESS Business in any manner or for any purpose or utilize for any purpose
                          any trade name, trademark or service mark or other commercial symbol that indicates or
                          suggests a connection or association with us;

                 (3)      you agree to take such action as may be required to cancel all fictitious or assumed names
                          or equivalent registrations relating to your use of any Marks;

                 (4)      if we do not exercise our option to purchase the BUSINESS pursuant to Article 16.13, you
                          agree that, after the Notification Date, you will promptly (in any event, within no later than
                          ten (10) days) and at your own expense make such alterations as we may specify to
                          distinguish the BUSINESS clearly from its former appearance and from other PLANET
                          FITNESS Businesses so as to prevent confusion therewith by the public;

                 (5)      you shall immediately comply with our then-current de-branding checklist and procedures,
                          unless otherwise directed by us. Unless an earlier time is specified, no later than thirty (30)
                          days after the Notification Date, you shall complete all required de-branding work and
                          provide us with signed written certification that such de-branding has been completed. If
                          you fail to do so, we may, in addition to our other rights and remedies hereunder and under
                          applicable law, complete such de-branding work for you at your expense and without
                          liability to you. You hereby consent to our entry onto the BUSINESS premises for such
                          purpose. In connection with the de-branding of the BUSINESS, we may require you to,
                          among other things:

                          (a)      remove and destroy, or at our option, return to us, all interior and exterior signage,
                                   point of sale materials, business forms, and stationery received from us;




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 61                         PLANET FITNESS®
