Table of Contents
                                                            Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



(b) Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on management’s knowledge of current events
and actions it may undertake in the future, they may ultimately differ from actual results. Significant areas where estimates and judgments are relied upon by
management in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, valuation of equity-based compensation awards, valuation
of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, the evaluation of the recoverability of goodwill and long-lived assets, including intangible assets,
equity method investments, allowance for expected credit losses, the present value of lease liabilities, income taxes, including deferred tax assets and liabilities,
and the liability for the Company’s tax benefit arrangements.

(c) Concentrations
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. All of the
Company’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and marketable securities are maintained by major financial institutions, of which cash deposits are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) up to $250. The Company maintains balances in excess of these limits, but does not believe
that such deposits with its banks are subject to any unusual risk.
The credit risk associated with trade receivables is mitigated due to the large number of customers, generally franchisees, and their broad dispersion over many
different geographic areas. The Company does not have any concentrations greater than 10% with respect to revenues. As of December 31, 2024, the Company
had one customer who represented 12% of total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2023, no customers represented more than 10% of total accounts
receivable.
The Company purchases equipment, both for corporate-owned clubs and for sales to franchisee-owned clubs from various equipment vendors. The percentages
of equipment purchases from vendors that represent 10% or more of total equipment purchases was as follows:
                                                                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                                           2024                  2023                   2022
Vendor A                                                                                                   74%                   72%                    71%
Vendor B                                                                                                   16%                   21%                    22%

The Company, including the NAFs, uses various vendors for advertising services. The percentages of advertising purchases from vendors that represent 10% or
more of total advertising purchases was as follows:
                                                                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                                           2024                  2023                   2022
Vendor A                                                                                                   34%                   38%                     *
Vendor B                                                                                                   23%                   24%                     *
Vendor C                                                                                                   13%                   18%                     *
Vendor D                                                                                                    *                     *                     77%

* Represents less than 10% of advertising purchases for the period.

(d) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents.
In accordance with the Company’s securitized financing facility, certain cash accounts have been established in the name of Citibank, N.A. (the “Trustee”). The
Company holds restricted cash which primarily represents cash collections held by the Trustee, which includes interest, principal, and commitment fee
reserves. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had restricted cash held by the Trustee of $56,524. Restricted cash has been combined with cash and cash
equivalents when reconciling the beginning and end of period balances in the consolidated statements of cash flows.



                                                                                 69
