Training

       Before opening your PLANET FITNESS business, you and/or your Responsible Owner
and Approved Operator (described in Item 15), and all managers for your PLANET FITNESS
business who have not previously completed our initial training program, must successfully
complete the initial training program.

        You and/or your Responsible Owner and Approved Operator must complete the PLANET
FITNESS initial training program, which consists of both classroom and hands-on training
covering various facets of facility operations, including equipment operation and maintenance,
cost control, inventory control and basic techniques of management. We will administer the initial
training to you in two specific phases: Owner Orientation and Pre-Sale and Operations Training.
You must attend, and complete to our satisfaction, both phases of initial training. Any on-premises
training will be conducted at a designated PLANET FITNESS business.

        We will not charge any fees for attending the initial training programs for you and up to
two additional individuals. However, as described in Item 6, you will be responsible for all
compensation and expenses (including travel, meals and lodging) incurred in connection with any
training programs. Neither you nor your employees will receive any compensation from us for
services performed during training.

        Our current training program consists of initial training at our principal place of business
and at an operating unit on the operation of a PLANET FITNESS business for you (or, if you are
a corporation or partnership, your Responsible Owner) and your Approved Operator, and up to
two (2) additional owners or managers you elect to enroll in the training program. We may conduct
some or all of this training remotely. Typically, our training program will be conducted at least
once per month, but may occur more or less frequently depending on our need to train franchisees.
If you request, we will provide you with additional training and you must pay us a Per Diem Fee
which may range from $100 to $1,000, depending on the number of people trained, and the length
and location of the training. If you are an existing franchisee opening an additional location and
you have completed our initial training program, you will not attend the initial training again,
unless specifically requested to do so, although any general managers who have not previously
successfully completed the training program may be required to complete the initial training before
your location opens.

       You (or your Responsible Owner), and your Approved Operator must complete the initial
operational training to our satisfaction. You must participate in all other activities required to
operate the PLANET FITNESS franchise. If we determine that you (or your Responsible Owner)
are unable to complete initial training to our satisfaction, we have the right to terminate the
Franchise Agreement and retain all amounts you have paid to us. The initial training must be
completed within 90 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement but in any event before you
open your PLANET FITNESS business.

       Our designated POS vendor provides on-site training for your personnel on the POS
System. You must participate in 1 day of on-site training. You will pay fees to the POS vendor of
approximately $800 per day, per person.



FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                49
