Table of Contents
                                                          Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



Retail sales
The Company sells Planet Fitness branded apparel, food, beverages, and other accessories. The revenue for these items is recognized at the point of sale.
Equipment revenue
The Company sells and delivers equipment purchased from third-party equipment manufacturers to U.S., Canada, and Mexico based franchisee-owned clubs.
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of ordered items, generally upon delivery to the customer, which is when the customer obtains physical
possession of the goods, legal title is transferred, the customer has all risks and rewards of ownership and an obligation to pay for the goods is created.
Franchisees are charged for all freight costs incurred for the delivery of equipment. Freight revenue is recorded within equipment revenue and freight costs are
recorded within cost of revenue. In most instances, the Company recognizes equipment revenue on a gross basis as management has determined the Company
to be the principal in these transactions. Management determined the Company to be the principal in the transaction because the Company controls the
equipment prior to delivery to the final customer as evidenced by its pricing discretion over the goods, inventory transfer of title and risk of loss while the
inventory is in transit, and having the primary responsibility to fulfill the customer order and direct the third-party vendor.

(f) Deferred revenue
Franchise deferred revenue results from franchise fees and ADA fees paid by franchisees, as well as transfer fees, which are generally recognized on a straight-
line basis over the term of the underlying franchise agreement. Deferred revenue is also recognized in the Corporate-owned clubs segment for cash received
from members for enrollment fees, membership dues and annual fees for the portion not yet earned based on the membership period. Equipment deposits made
at the time of ordering equipment are also deferred until the revenue recognition criteria are met.

(g) Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue consists primarily of direct costs associated with equipment sales, including freight costs, to new and existing franchisee-owned clubs in the
United States, Canada and Mexico and the cost of retail merchandise sold in corporate-owned clubs. Rebates from equipment vendors where the Company has
recognized the related equipment revenue and costs are recorded as a reduction to the cost of revenue.

(h) Club operations
Club operations consists of the direct costs associated with our corporate-owned clubs, primarily payroll, rent, utilities, supplies, maintenance, insurance, and
local and national advertising.

(i) Selling, general and administrative
Selling, general and administrative expenses are primarily associated with administrative, corporate-owned club and franchisee support functions related to our
existing business as well as growth and development activities. These costs primarily consist of payroll, information technology, marketing, legal, accounting,
consulting and insurance related expenses. These expenses include internal costs related to equipment placement and assembly services of $7,596, $6,961 and
$6,069, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

(j) Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable is primarily comprised of amounts owed to the Company resulting from equipment and placement revenue. The Company evaluates its
accounts receivable on an ongoing basis and may establish an allowance for uncollectible amounts based on collections and current credit conditions. Accounts
are written off as uncollectible when it is determined that further collection efforts will be unsuccessful. Historically, the Company has not had a significant
amount of write-offs.

(k) Inventory
The Company has inventory at period ends when the Company has title and risk of loss in advance of sale to its franchisees.




                                                                               71
