             “Franchise” – Defined in Article 3.1.

             “Franchise Group” – All PLANET FITNESS Businesses under common control with each other,
             which shall include PLANET FITNESS Businesses with different non-controlling ownership.

             “Franchisee Executive” – Each officer, director or executive-level employee of you or your Affiliates
             (who is not an Owner) with access to Confidential Information and a material role in the management
             or operation of the BUSINESS.

             “General Release” – A general release on behalf of Franchisee, its Affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries
             (other than Excluded Affiliates), and the officers, directors, legal representatives, shareholders,
             partners, and employees of all such entities, of any and all claims against Franchisor, its Affiliates,
             parents, and subsidiaries, and the officers, directors, legal representatives, shareholders, partners, and
             employees of all such entities in both their corporate and individual capacities. A General Release
             shall be in the form prescribed by Franchisor.

             “Grand Opening Marketing Plan” - Defined in Article 10.2.

             “High-Use Club” – A PLANET FITNESS Business in the highest fifteen percent (15%) of PLANET
             FITNESS Businesses, as determined by the Usage Calculations.

             “Immediate Family” - Spouse, parents (including step parents), siblings (including half siblings), and
             children (including step children), whether natural or adopted.

             “Indemnified Parties” – Defined in Article 18.4.

             “Initial Franchise Fee” – Defined in Article 5.1.

             “Initial Training” – Defined in Article 6.1.

             “Internet” - All communications between computers and between computers and television,
             telephone, facsimile and similar communications devices, including the World Wide Web, proprietary
             online services, e-mail, news groups and electronic bulletin boards, including but not limited to all
             forms of social media.

             “Internet Account” – A domain name, social media account or other account on the Internet, mobile
             application, social media or social networking site, profile, hashtag or username used or established
             in connection with the BUSINESS or that contains any of the Marks, regardless of whether such
             account was registered or set-up prior to, or in compliance with, this Agreement.

             “Internet Platform” – Defined in Article 16.4.

             “Join Fee” – Defined in Article 5.7.

             “LAF” - Local Advertising Funds, as defined in Article 10.2.

             “Lease” - Lease, sublease, lease renewal, purchase contract, or modification to any of the foregoing
             for the Location.

             “Lease Addendum” – Defined in Article 4.2.

             “Lists” – Defined in Article 19.17.

             “Location” - _______________. If no site is approved at the time this Agreement is signed, this
             Agreement will be updated and amended when a location has been designated by you and approved




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 4                         PLANET FITNESS®
