                              BUSINESS is not profitable, you will have a right to terminate this Agreement on
                              twelve (12) months’ written notice to us.

                Your termination of this Agreement for any other reason or without such notice will be deemed null
                and void.

                If you terminate this Agreement, you must comply with all of your post-termination obligations
                described in Article 16 hereof. If you properly terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Article
                15.1 and cease operating as required hereunder, we agree to waive any rights we may have to seek
                future lost Royalties that would have been due to us from your operation of the BUSINESS after
                you cease operation of the BUSINESS so long as you comply with all of your post-term obligations
                hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, your termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Article
                15.1 does not waive or reduce your obligations under the development schedule of an ADA and
                your closure of the BUSINESS may cause a default thereunder. Our rights under the ADA are
                separate and apart from our rights hereunder.

         15.2   DEFAULT. You have materially breached this Agreement if you commit any of the defaults listed
                below: (each, an “Event of Default”):

                (1)     Solvency Defaults. All of the defaults in this Article 15.2(1) are by their nature incurable
                        and have no associated cure period.

                        (a)      become insolvent by reason of your inability to pay your debts as they mature;

                        (b)      are adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

                        (c)      file a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding under the
                                 bankruptcy laws of the United States or have such a petition filed against you
                                 which is not discharged within thirty (30) days;

                        (d)      have a receiver or other custodian, permanent or temporary, appointed for your
                                 business, assets or property;

                        (e)      request the appointment of a receiver or make a general assignment for the benefit
                                 of creditors;

                        (f)      have any of your assets, including your bank accounts or accounts receivable,
                                 attached;

                        (g)      have an execution levied against your business or property;

                        (h)      have suit filed to foreclose any lien or mortgage against any of your assets and
                                 such suit is not dismissed within thirty (30) days; or

                        (i)      voluntarily dissolve or liquidate or have a petition filed for dissolution of your
                                 Entity if such petition is not dismissed within thirty (30) days.

                (2)     Abandonment and Control Defaults. All of the defaults in this Article 15.2(2) are by their
                        nature incurable and have no associated cure period.

                        (a)      abandon or fail to actively operate your BUSINESS for three (3) consecutive days,
                                 except where such failure to actively operate results solely from causes beyond
                                 your reasonable control or is due to your completion of a remodel or
                                 refurbishment of the BUSINESS that we have approved;




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 55                       PLANET FITNESS®
