                    HOLD US HARMLESS WITH RESPECT THERETO. You must notify us of any proposed
                    change of the Responsible Owner or Approved Operator and receive our written approval prior
                    to such change. If we approve the proposed change, you consent to our amendment of Exhibit B
                    to reflect it and, as a condition to our approval, you shall cause the new Responsible Owner or
                    Approved Operator to sign Exhibit C. If such change results from death or incapacitation, you
                    must submit a new proposed Responsible Owner or Approved Operator, as applicable, within
                    thirty (30) days after such death or incapacitation. Neither you nor your Owners will, directly or
                    indirectly, take any actions to avoid or restrict the authority requirement for the Responsible
                    Owner.

                             8.4 Your Responsible Owner, Approved Operator and other Owners are identified in
                    Exhibit B and Exhibit D to this Agreement. You agree that any changes to Exhibit B and Exhibit
                    D will be communicated promptly to us, so that such exhibits (as so amended) are at all times
                    current, complete and accurate. Unless otherwise approved, your Responsible Owner and
                    Approved Operator shall be the Responsible Owner and Approved Operator for each Franchise
                    Agreement executed pursuant hereto.

                             8.5 You and your Approved Operator (or if there is no Approved Operator, your
                    Responsible Owner) shall exert your and their full time best efforts in the development of your
                    PLANET FITNESS Businesses; and may not, without our prior written approval, engage in any
                    other business or activity, directly or indirectly, which requires you or such individual to have
                    substantial management responsibility or substantial time commitments or otherwise may conflict
                    with your obligations hereunder.

                             8.6 Each Franchise Agreement will include a guaranty of the Franchisee’s
                    obligations. Unless otherwise approved per the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the guarantor
                    of each Franchise Agreement will be the guarantor listed on Exhibit B.

9.       Default, Termination, and Other Remedies.

                             9.1 Defaults. You have materially breached this Agreement if you (each, an “Event
                     of Default”):

                 9.1.1     become insolvent by reason of your inability to pay your debts as they mature, or an
insolvency proceeding is initiated by or against you and/or any of your principal owners;

                  9.1.2    are adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

                  9.1.3   file a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding under applicable bankruptcy laws
or have such a proceeding filed against you which is not discharged within thirty (30) days;

                  9.1.4    have a receiver or other custodian, permanent or temporary, appointed for your business,
assets or property;

                  9.1.5    request the appointment of a receiver or make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors;

                  9.1.6    have any of your assets, including your bank accounts, property or accounts receivable,
attached;

                  9.1.7    have an execution levied against your business or property;

                 9.1.8     have suit filed to foreclose any lien or mortgage against any of your assets and such suit is
not dismissed within thirty (30) days;




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 8                          PLANET FITNESS®
