         10.3   ADVERTISING COOPERATIVES. We have the right to establish, reconfigure, or approve local
                and/or regional advertising cooperatives for PLANET FITNESS Businesses in your local or
                regional areas, covering such geographical areas as we may designate from time to time
                (“Cooperatives”). You must participate in any such Cooperative and its programs and abide by its
                by-laws. If your BUSINESS is within the territory of an existing Cooperative as of the Business
                Commencement Date, you agree to immediately become a member of the Cooperative. If a
                Cooperative applicable to your BUSINESS is established during the Term of this Agreement, you
                agree to become a member no later than thirty (30) days after the date approved by us for the
                Cooperative to commence operation. The following provisions shall apply to each Cooperative:

                (1)     Each Cooperative shall utilize a voting system approved by us.

                (2)     Each Cooperative shall be organized and governed in a form and manner, and shall
                        commence continuous operations on a date approved in advance by us in writing. No
                        changes in the by-laws or other governing documents of a Cooperative shall be made
                        without our prior written consent. We may have one or more of our representatives attend
                        Cooperative meetings.

                (3)     Each Cooperative shall be organized for the exclusive purpose of administering advertising
                        programs and developing, subject to our approval, promotional materials for use by the
                        members in the Cooperative on a continuous, year-round basis.

                (4)     No advertising or promotional plans or materials may be used by a Cooperative or
                        furnished to its members without prior approval by us pursuant to Article 10.3(6) below.

                (5)     You and each other member of the Cooperative shall contribute to the Cooperative, using
                        a billing and collection structure selected and established by us, the amount determined in
                        accordance with the Cooperative’s bylaws. Any PLANET FITNESS Businesses owned
                        by us or any of our Affiliates located in such designated local or regional area(s) will
                        contribute to the Cooperative on the same basis. If you fail to make a payment to the
                        Cooperative, as required by the bylaws of the Cooperative, and you do not cure such failure
                        within ten (10) days of receiving written notice from us or notify us that the amount
                        allegedly owed is in a bona fide dispute, we may collect such amount owed from you as
                        provided for in Article 5.9 hereof and pay such amount owed to the Cooperative on your
                        behalf. Contributions to such local and/or regional advertising cooperatives are credited
                        towards the advertising expenditures required by Article 10.2(2); however, if we provide
                        you and your Cooperative ninety (90) days’ notice of a special promotion, including any
                        national or regional campaigns, partnerships or promotions, you must participate in such
                        promotion and pay to us any special promotion advertising fees assessed in connection
                        therewith, beginning on the effective date of such notice and continuing until such special
                        promotion is concluded. Any such special promotion advertising fees shall be in addition
                        to, and not credited towards, the other advertising expenditures and commitments required
                        of you by this Article 10. We reserve the right to require the members of the Cooperative
                        to contribute a minimum amount to the Cooperative, provided, however, that in no event
                        will your required contribution exceed your required LAF payments under Article 10.2
                        hereof.

                (6)     All advertising and promotion by you and the Cooperatives shall be in such media and of
                        such type and format as we may approve, shall be conducted in a dignified manner, and
                        shall conform to such standards and requirements as we may specify and to applicable law.
                        You or the Cooperative shall submit written samples of all proposed advertising and
                        promotional plans and materials to us for our approval (except with respect to prices to be
                        charged) at least thirty (30) days before the intended use of such plans and the production
                        of such materials, unless such plans and materials were prepared by us or have been
                        approved by us to be used in your marketing area (as defined by us) within the previous
                        twelve (12) months. Pursuant to Article 6.6, we own the copyrights to anything so created,




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 41                      PLANET FITNESS®
