                                        EXHIBIT C
                              PERSONAL COVENANTS REGARDING
                          CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-COMPETITION
                (OWNER(S), APPROVED OPERATOR AND FRANCHISEE EXECUTIVES)

In conjunction with your role in ________________ (“Area Developer”), you the undersigned, on a several and not
joint basis, acknowledge and agree as follows:
1.       Area Developer has the rights, pursuant to an Area Development Agreement (the “Area Development
         Agreement”) with Planet Fitness Franchising LLC (“we”, “us” or “our”) to develop multiple PLANET
         FITNESS businesses in a specific territory. The Area Development Agreement requires persons with legal
         or beneficial ownership interests in Area Developer, Area Developer’s Approved Operator (as defined by the
         Area Development Agreement), and any Franchisee Executives (as defined by the Area Development
         Agreement) to be personally bound by confidentiality and noncompetition covenants under certain
         circumstances.
2.       You own or intend to own a legal or beneficial ownership interest in Area Developer, you have been
         designated an Approved Operator of Area Developer or you are a Franchisee Executive. You acknowledge
         and agree that your execution of this Personal Covenants Regarding Confidentiality and Non-Competition
         (this “Agreement”) is a condition to such ownership interest or such designation, as applicable, to our
         issuance of the Area Development Agreement to Area Developer and your access to our Confidential
         Information (as defined in the Area Development Agreement), which constitutes good and valuable
         consideration for your execution of this Agreement. We may enforce this Agreement directly against you.
3.       If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity, all persons who have a legal
         or beneficial interest in you must also execute this Agreement.
4.       You may gain access to parts of our Confidential Information as a result of your role with or investment in
         Area Developer. The Confidential Information is proprietary and includes our trade secrets. Any Confidential
         Information you receive shall be subject to the provisions of the Area Development Agreement and any other
         limitations that we may impose in writing from time-to-time, and you agree to abide by such limitations.
         You hereby agree that while you have a management role or legal or beneficial ownership interest in Area
         Developer and thereafter you: (a) will not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity
         (such use being an unfair method of competition) or in any manner not expressly authorized by us; (b) will
         strictly maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and not disclose or permit the
         Confidential Information to be disclosed to third parties; (c) will not make unauthorized copies of any portion
         of the Confidential Information disclosed in written, electronic or other form; (d) will exercise your best
         efforts, including the implementation of all reasonable procedures we prescribe from time to time, to prevent
         unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information; and (e) as applicable, will disclose the
         Confidential Information to your officers, directors, employees and other personnel, only to the extent
         necessary to fulfill your obligations under this Agreement. You must also maintain the confidentiality of all
         Business Information (as defined in the Area Development Agreement) and may not use such information
         for purposes unrelated to Area Developer’s or its affiliates’ PLANET FITNESS businesses or status as
         PLANET FITNESS franchisees or in a manner prohibited by their agreements with us and our affiliates.
         You acknowledge you are aware that (i) the Confidential Information and Business Information may relate
         to publicly traded securities, and (ii) the restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws restrict trading in
         securities while in possession of material non-public information and on communication of such information
         when it is reasonably foreseeable that the recipient is likely to trade such securities, in reliance on such
         information. You agree not to trade, either directly or through other persons or entities, based on Confidential
         Information or Business Information in a manner that would violate the securities law of any applicable
         jurisdiction including, without limitation, the United States securities laws. When there are no longer any
         PLANET FITNESS businesses in which you have an interest or management role, you must: (a) coordinate
         the prompt de-activation of your and/or your Owners’ access to the online franchise portal and any other
         software, computer systems and electronic mailing lists, containing Confidential Information, and (b) upon
         our request or in accordance with such procedures as we may specify in the Operations Manual, destroy or
         deliver to us all Confidential Information in your or their possession. If you become legally compelled by a
         judicial or legislative order of a governmental authority or court of competent jurisdiction to disclose any of
         the Confidential Information, you shall provide us with prompt written notice of such requirement before




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - C - 1                 PLANET FITNESS®
