                regardless of the possibility of later discovered claims or facts. You expressly acknowledge that you
                are familiar with the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which provides as
                follows:

                         A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does
                         not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and
                         that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement
                         with the debtor or released party.

                You hereby specifically and expressly waive on behalf of all Releasors all rights that you and they
                may have under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code or any similar provision of law in any
                other jurisdiction. This Release is and shall be and remain a full, complete and unconditional general
                release.

        14.     DEFINED TERMS. All defined terms are used herein as defined in the Successor Agreement,
                unless otherwise herein indicated. If there is any conflict between the Successor Agreement and this
                Amendment, this Amendment shall govern. Except as specifically amended herein, all of the other
                terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement are hereby ratified and confirmed.

        15.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Amendment, the Successor Agreement, and any other documents
                referred to herein constitute the complete understanding of the parties regarding the subject of this
                Amendment. Except for those specifically permitted to be made unilaterally by you or us hereunder,
                no amendment, change, or variance from this Amendment shall be binding on either party, unless
                mutually agreed to by the parties and executed by their authorized officers or agents in writing.

        The foregoing release does not apply with respect to claims arising under the Washington Franchise
Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the rules adopted thereunder.



                    [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page to follow]




FDD – 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName SA - 5                        PLANET FITNESS®
