               and can result in substantial, rapid and unpredictable increases in costs. You must
               bear any deviation or escalation in costs from the estimates in this Item 7 or
               estimates we give you in any phase of the development process.

       If you purchase a company-owned PLANET FITNESS location, the financial and other
terms may vary from the standard terms of our Franchise Agreement.

           Estimated Initial Investment for Purchasing a Company-Owned Location.

       If you purchase an existing company-owned PLANET FITNESS location, you may have
to make a greater or smaller investment than the estimated initial investment shown above
depending on the circumstances, including the condition of the facility. The price and terms of
payment for these PLANET FITNESS locations will be established by mutual agreement. Any
mutual agreement will be incorporated into the Franchise Agreement or other related purchase
agreements for the location.

             Estimated Initial Investment Under an Area Development Agreement.

        If you sign an Area Development Agreement, you must commit to open one or more
PLANET FITNESS locations in a Development Area within a certain period of time. You will
pay an Area Development Fee equal to $10,000-$60,000 per location, depending upon the
circumstances. The Area Development Fee is in addition to the Initial Franchise Fee for each
location you open under the Area Development Agreement. The balance of your initial investment
requirements for your first PLANET FITNESS franchise is described in the above table. You
will incur additional costs and expenses during the term of the Area Development Agreement as
you open the remaining number of PLANET FITNESS franchises required under the Area
Development Agreement. Those additional costs of development may increase over the term of
the Area Development Agreement based on inflation and other economic factors.

                                 ITEM 8
            RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        To ensure that high and uniform standards of service and quality are maintained in all
PLANET FITNESS businesses, you must operate your PLANET FITNESS franchise in
conformity with our methods, standards and specifications and you must purchase services,
supplies, fixtures, equipment, merchandise, goods, and inventory only from suppliers we have
approved. Although you are not required to purchase or lease real estate from us or our affiliates,
we must approve your location (See Item 11). If you lease the premises, the lease must contain
the Franchisor Lease Provisions, a copy of which is included in Appendix E to the Franchise
Agreement. You must improve and equip the location in accordance with our then-current
approved design, specifications and standards. In addition to meeting our design specifications, it
is your responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act and all other federal,
state and local laws.

       The Franchise Agreement authorizes you to use the Marks only in the operation of your
PLANET FITNESS business and only in connection with the products and services specified by
us in writing. The purpose of this requirement is to ensure that all franchisees adhere to the
uniformity and quality standards associated with PLANET FITNESS businesses and Marks. You

FDD – September 2025                                                           PLANET FITNESS®
                                                29
