                 PLANET FITNESS franchisees. You acknowledge that such restrictions benefit PLANET
                 FITNESS franchisees. You further acknowledge that you, your Owners and your Approved
                 Operator possess skills and abilities of a general nature and have other opportunities for exploiting
                 these skills. Consequently, our enforcement of the covenant in Article 16.7 will not deprive you,
                 your Owners or your Approved Operator of personal goodwill or the ability to engage in a lawful
                 trade or business and earn a living.

         16.11   REDUCTION OF SCOPE OF COVENANTS. You understand and acknowledge that we shall
                 have the right, in our business judgment, to reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in Articles
                 16.6 and 16.7, or any portion thereof, without your consent, effective immediately upon receipt by
                 you of written notice thereof; and you agree that you shall comply forthwith with any covenant as
                 so modified, which shall be fully enforceable.

         16.12   COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE UPON EXERCISE OF RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. If
                 we exercise our right of first refusal pursuant to Article 13.8 above, you and your selling Owner(s)
                 agree that, for a period of two (2) years commencing on the date of the closing, you and they will
                 be bound by the noncompetition covenant contained in Article 16.7 hereof. In addition, we reserve
                 the right to require you and your selling Owner(s) to agree that, for a period of five (5) years
                 commencing on the date of the closing, you and they will be bound by the noncompetition covenant
                 contained in Article 16.7 hereof but which shall be limited to a geographic area that extends no more
                 than fifteen (15) miles from any PLANET FITNESS Business, or rights to develop PLANET
                 FITNESS Businesses, you or they are selling to us in such transaction.

         16.13   OUR RIGHT TO PURCHASE THE BUSINESS.

                 (1)      Exercise of Option. Upon termination or expiration, without your acquisition of a successor
                          franchise, of this Agreement in accordance with its terms and conditions, we have the
                          option, exercisable by giving written notice thereof (the “Purchase Notice”) to you, to
                          purchase the BUSINESS from you, including the leasehold rights to the Location, free and
                          clear of all liens, restrictions or encumbrances. We must provide the Purchase Notice by
                          the later of (a) sixty (60) days from the date of such termination or expiration, without your
                          acquisition of a successor franchise, or (b) seven (7) days after determination of the
                          purchase price (the “Notification Date”). We have the unrestricted right to assign this
                          option to purchase the BUSINESS. We shall not be responsible for the performance of the
                          obligations assigned nor shall we be held liable for the action or inaction of our assignee,
                          including, but not limited to, its failure to close the transaction, provided that at the time of
                          our assignment, we reasonably determine that the assignee has the capacity, including, but
                          not limited to, the financial ability, to perform its assigned obligations. You acknowledge
                          and agree that we may share the purchase price, due diligence materials and other relevant
                          information regarding the BUSINESS on a confidential basis with a prospective assignee.
                          We will be entitled to all customary warranties and representations in connection with our
                          asset purchase including, without limitation, representations and warranties as to
                          ownership and condition of and title to assets; liens and encumbrances on assets; validity
                          of contracts and agreements; and liabilities effecting the assets, contingent or otherwise.

                 (2)      Leasehold Rights. You agree, at our election, to assign your leasehold interest in the
                          Location to us or to enter into a sublease for the remainder of the lease term on the same
                          terms (including renewal options) as the prime lease. For the avoidance of doubt, if we do
                          not exercise our option to purchase the BUSINESS hereunder, we may, upon termination
                          or expiration of this Agreement, without your acquisition of a successor franchise, assume
                          your leasehold interest by exercising our rights under the Lease without any obligation of
                          payment or other consideration to you.

                 (3)      Purchase Price. The purchase price for the BUSINESS will be its fair market value. The
                          BUSINESS’s fair market value will (a) be determined in a manner consistent with GAAP
                          depreciation of the BUSINESS’s equipment, signs, inventory, materials and supplies; (b)




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 66                           PLANET FITNESS®
