                                               Planet Fitness Franchising LLC
                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   (Amounts in thousands)

the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested
for impairment, then assets are required to be grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash
flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to the undiscounted future net cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset or asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is
measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. There were no assets that were impaired
during any of the periods presented.

(i) Revenue from contracts with customers
The Company's revenues consist primarily of royalties, franchise fees and upfront fees from ADAs, transfer fees, membership
join fees, and other fees and are accounted for under ASC 606 - Revenue From Contracts With Customers, net of applicable
sales tax.
The Company's primary performance obligation under the franchise license is granting certain rights to use the Company's
intellectual property, and all other services the Company provides under the ADA and franchise agreement are highly
interrelated and not distinct within the contract, and therefore accounted for as a single performance obligation, which is
satisfied by granting certain rights to use intellectual property over the term of each franchise agreement.
Royalties are calculated as a percentage of franchise monthly dues and annual fees over the term of the franchise agreement.
Franchise fees are payable by the franchisee upon signing a new franchise agreement or successor franchise agreement, and
transfer fees are paid to the Company when one franchisee transfers a franchise agreement to a different franchisee. Franchise
royalties represent sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the performance obligation under the franchise agreement
and are recognized as franchise sales occur.
Franchise fees, as well as transfer fees, are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective
franchise agreement. ADAs generally consist of an obligation to grant geographic exclusive area development rights. These
development rights are not distinct from franchise agreements, so upfront fees paid by franchisees for exclusive development
rights are deferred and apportioned to each franchise agreement signed by the franchisee. The pro-rata amount apportioned to
each franchise agreement is accounted for identically to the initial franchise fee.
Membership join fees are paid to the Company by franchisees and corporate-owned clubs for processing membership
transactions when a new member signs up for a membership through the Company’s website. These fees are recognized as
revenue as each transaction occurs.
(j) Deferred revenue
Deferred revenue results from franchise fees and ADA fees paid by franchisees, as well as transfer fees, which are generally
recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the underlying franchise agreement.

(k) Income taxes
The Company is a single-member limited liability company and is treated as a disregarded entity for federal and primarily all
state income tax purposes. As a result, the Company generally does not incur U.S. income taxes. Instead, its earnings and losses
flow up to its sole member and are ultimately included in the consolidated income tax returns of Planet Fitness, Inc., the
Company’s indirect parent. The Company has not entered into a tax sharing agreement with Planet Fitness nor does its limited
liability agreement provide for tax distributions. No specific dividends are required for tax payments. As a result, the
accompanying statements of operations do not include a provision for U.S. federal income taxes. The Company incurs foreign
tax expense attributable to foreign withholding taxes in certain jurisdictions, which is recorded as provision for income taxes in
the accompanying statements of operations.
(l) Contingencies
The Company records estimated future losses related to contingencies when such amounts are probable and estimable. The
Company includes estimated legal fees related to such contingencies as part of the accrual for estimated future losses.
(m) Recent accounting pronouncements
There have been no new accounting pronouncements issued during the year ended December 31, 2024 and no new accounting
pronouncements not yet adopted that are expected to materially impact the Company's consolidated financial statements.




                                                                9
