        You must allow our POS System supplier(s) access to your POS Systems to install, support,
and periodically upgrade the software. We may modify or add to these requirements at any time,
including offering or requiring additional account services through our POS System supplier(s) or
other third party vendors. Currently, POS System monthly software support fees will cost
approximately $199 per club location. Your additional costs for those certain security services
such as managed desktop services that provide antivirus protection, operating system patch
updates, and system administration and monitoring protection; Payment Card Industry compliance
support services, and end-to-end encryption services for credit card processing are approximately
$50 to $100 per month and may vary as requirements or suppliers change as discussed in our
Methods of Operations, Operations Manual or otherwise. The cost to install network and
telecommunications cabling to meet our guidelines, and any additional network and
telecommunications cabling you so desire, varies greatly by market and installation vendor and is
not included in any estimates provided above. You must maintain compliance with PCI, including
ensuring your PCI status is complete and accurate in our designated PCI provider’s portal, and
other data privacy laws, as applicable, at your cost. You must comply with all applicable laws and
regulations related to payment processing. You must obtain and maintain all necessary PCI-DSS
compliance certifications for the operation of your PLANET FITNESS business.

        You will pay our designated POS System supplier based on the number of transactions
processed per month and the method of payment, under the terms of the POS Agreements. The
estimated annual transaction costs per location range from $9,000 to $53,000, which includes
additional fees for returned ACH transactions and the settlement of billing deposits. The full fee
schedule will be outlined in the POS Agreements. We may provide certain support and updates
for no additional charge. Our POS System supplier, on our behalf, will make monthly automatic
withdrawals of the Royalty, Join Fee, and advertising fees and may make withdrawals of training
fees, consultation fees, or any other fees or monies payable by you to us, or other third-parties,
under any agreement between you and us from the account you designate in accordance with the
Franchise Agreement.

        Aside from the services included in the monthly software support fees for your POS
System, and those certain security services described above, neither we nor any of our affiliates is
required to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, advice or updates to the POS System,
POS System Kits, or other hardware, peripherals, or services. You must, at your own expense,
maintain, upgrade or replace other systems and equipment you utilize as part of your PLANET
FITNESS business including: financial and inventory data processing, communications systems
(including telecommunications voice and data services, Internet services, and Wi-Fi), club network
and cabling systems, firewall systems, Wi-Fi systems, content distribution systems, and gym
equipment systems, whenever we require it, and we have no obligation to assist you in obtaining
hardware, software, equipment or related services. There are no contractual limits on the
frequency or cost of your obligation to obtain these upgrades. We may, as often as we deem
appropriate, including on a daily basis, access all your computer systems that you are required to
maintain in connection with the operation of the PLANET FITNESS franchise and retrieve all
information relating to the PLANET FITNESS franchise’s operations. We will have independent
access to this information.




FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                48
