             (4)         Agreements. You (and your transferring Owners) have executed (a) a General Release
                         and (b) a written affirmation confirming that (i) you and/or any transferring Owner(s)
                         remain bound by the restrictions and obligations contained in Articles 16.5, 16.6,
                         16.7, 18.4 and Appendix C hereof as if this Agreement had terminated and (ii) the
                         provisions of Article 19.9, 19.10, 19.11 and 19.12 survive the partial or full Transfer
                         of an Owner’s interest in you (although such provisions will continue to apply
                         regardless of whether you and/or any transferring Owner(s) actually execute such
                         written reaffirmation). If and to the extent reasonably enforceable under applicable
                         law, your transferring Owners have executed an agreement with you, of which we
                         are a third-party beneficiary and may independently enforce, providing that for at
                         least two (2) years from the date of the Transfer, with such time period to be tolled
                         by any violation thereof, they will not, either directly or indirectly, compete with you
                         and your Affiliates. Except as otherwise provided in Article 13.3(6)(c), this
                         Agreement has been amended to reflect the post-Transfer ownership and your new
                         Owners have signed Appendix C hereof. Silent Investors shall not be required to sign
                         the agreements described in this Article 13.3(4).

             (5)         Costs. You have reimbursed us for any reasonable external (i.e., not in-house) legal
                         and administrative costs we incurred in connection with the Transfer.

             (6)         Third-party Transfers. If the proposed Transfer is a Third-Party Transfer, the
                         following additional conditions must be reasonably satisfied prior to or concurrently
                         with the effective date of the proposed Transfer:

                   (a)      Transferee. We have approved the proposed transferee, based on our reasonable
                            assessment of the proposed transferee and its direct and indirect owners, and the
                            capabilities and characteristics of any existing or acquired business and
                            management team and, if applicable, remaining Owners. In connection with our
                            assessment, we may consider:
                            (i)        the proposed transferee’s moral character, aptitude, attitude, experience,
                                       references, acumen and financial capacity to operate the BUSINESS;
                            (ii)       the proposed transferee’s business plan for the BUSINESS;
                            (iii)      the infrastructure in place or to be created to develop and operate the
                                       BUSINESS (together with any other PLANET FITNESS Businesses
                                       the proposed transferee may own);
                            (iv)       other investments of the proposed transferee (including, but not limited
                                       to, competing investments, quantity of other investments, or
                                       incompatibility of other investments with our values or brand image);
                                       and
                            (v)        if the proposed transferee is an existing PLANET FITNESS franchisee,
                                       its and its Affiliates’ (a) record of acquisition, development, operations
                                       (including size of current operations and existing development
                                       obligations), and performance and (b) compliance with existing
                                       agreements with us and our Affiliates.

                            Unless otherwise approved in writing by us, the transferee may not be an Entity,
                            or be affiliated with an Entity, that is required to comply with the reporting and
                            information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                   (b)      Training. The transferee (or its Responsible Owner) and its managers and certain
                            other personnel we may require must have completed Initial Training or must be
                            currently certified by us to operate and/or manage a PLANET FITNESS
                            Business to our satisfaction prior to the closing of the Transfer.




FDD - 2025                          PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 47                       PLANET FITNESS®
