               (16)     types, amounts, terms and conditions of insurance coverage required to be carried for the
                        BUSINESS and standards for underwriters of policies providing required insurance
                        coverage;

               (17)     adhering to good business practices; observing high standards of honesty, integrity, fair
                        dealing and ethical business conduct in all dealings with customers, suppliers and us; and

               (18)     regulation of such other aspects of the operation and maintenance of the BUSINESS
                        including, but not limited to, subject to applicable law, maximum and minimum prices
                        charged for products and services offered through the BUSINESS, that we determine from
                        time to time to be useful to preserve or enhance the efficient operation, image or goodwill
                        of the Marks and PLANET FITNESS Businesses.

               For the avoidance of doubt, mandatory Methods of Operation do not include the scheduling or terms
               and conditions of employment for your employees. They also do not include personnel policies or
               procedures, which PLANET FITNESS may make available as examples for franchisees’ reference.
               You alone will determine to what extent, if any, these example policies and procedures might be
               useful to your BUSINESS and comply with applicable law.

               You agree that the mandatory Methods of Operation prescribed from time to time in the Operations
               Manual, or otherwise communicated to you in writing or other tangible form, constitute provisions
               of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein.

         9.2   MODIFICATION OF METHODS OF OPERATION. We may modify the Methods of
               Operation, from time to time to reflect changes in the law, marketplace or the System or to
               accommodate regional or local variations. Any such modifications may obligate you to invest
               additional capital in the BUSINESS (“Capital Modifications”) and/or incur higher operating costs;
               provided, however, that such modifications will not alter your fundamental status and rights under
               this Agreement. Because complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions may not
               be possible or practical, we specifically reserve the right and privilege, in our sole discretion and as
               we may deem in the best interests of all concerned in any specific instance, to vary standards for
               any franchisee based upon the peculiarities of a particular site or circumstance, density of
               population, business potential, population of trade area, existing business practices, or any other
               condition we deem to be of importance to the successful operation of such franchisee’s business.
               You acknowledge that our practices and application of standards may vary and that you are not
               entitled to require us to grant to you a like or similar variation as granted to another franchisee.

         9.3   CONDITION OF YOUR BUSINESS.

               (1)      General Condition. You must maintain your BUSINESS’s condition and appearance so
                        that it is attractive, clean and efficiently operated in accordance with our mandatory
                        Methods of Operation. You agree to make such modifications and additions to your
                        BUSINESS’s layout, decor, operations, and general theme as we require from time to time,
                        including replacement of worn-out or obsolete fixtures, equipment, furniture, and signs,
                        repair of the interior and exterior and appurtenant parking areas, and periodic cleaning and
                        redecorating. You may not make any material modification to the BUSINESS premises,
                        including but not limited to, expansions or reductions in size, or replacements, relocations
                        or alterations of fixtures, equipment, furniture or signs without our prior written consent.
                        If you do so, we may, in addition to our other rights and remedies hereunder, require you,
                        at your expense, to restore the BUSINESS to its prior condition. If at any time the general
                        state of repair, appearance or cleanliness of your BUSINESS, or its fixtures, equipment,
                        furniture, or signs, do not meet our standards, we may notify you and specify the action
                        you must take to correct such deficiency. If, within ten (10) days after receiving such notice,
                        you fail or refuse to initiate and thereafter continue in good faith and with due diligence a
                        bona fide program to complete such required maintenance, we have the right, in addition
                        to our other rights and remedies hereunder and under applicable law, but not the obligation,




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 25                         PLANET FITNESS®
