                                 AMENDMENT TO
                                PLANET FITNESS®
                      AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT FOR THE
                              STATE OF CALIFORNIA

      Notwithstanding anything which may be contained in the body of the Area Development
Agreement to the contrary, the Area Development Agreement is amended to include the following:

       1.     The Area Development Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which may
extend beyond the term of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California
law.

     2.      The Area Development Agreement requires the application of the laws of New
Hampshire. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

        3.     Any and all provisions of the Area Development Agreement that provide for
periods of notice less than those required by California law, or provide for transfer, termination,
cancellation, nonrenewal, or the like other than in accordance with California law, shall, to the
extent such are not in accordance with California law, be superseded by said law.

       4.      The two paragraphs immediately preceding the “[AREA DEVELOPER]” signature
block of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

        5.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

        6.     Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect
to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law
and California Franchise Relations Act are met independently without reference to this
Amendment.

       7.     In all other respects, the Area Development Agreement will be construed and
enforced according to its terms.




                                           M-1                         PLANET FITNESS®
