         other proprietary and specialized information and knowledge from, or as a result of your association with,
         Franchisee, which would enable you to unfairly compete with Franchisee. Franchisee shall have the right,
         as an express third-party beneficiary and in order to protect Franchisee’s legitimate business interests, which
         include, but are not limited to, protecting the foregoing, to enforce the covenants set forth in Paragraphs 5
         and 6 of this Agreement directly against you; provided, however, that such enforcement by Franchisee will
         be limited to a Competitive Business that is, or is intended to be, located or operating (a) within fifteen (15)
         miles of the Location or (b) within fifteen miles of any PLANET FITNESS business in operation or under
         construction and owned by Franchisee or one of its Affiliates as of the date that you are required to comply
         with such obligation. You acknowledge that such right may be in addition to any rights that Franchisee may
         have to enforce non-competition covenants in Franchisee’s agreements with you.

8.       You expressly acknowledge the possession of skills and abilities of a general nature and the opportunity to
         exploit such skills in other ways, so that enforcement of the covenants contained in Paragraphs 5 and 6 will
         not deprive you of your personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. If any covenant herein which restricts
         competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope or in terms of geographical area, type of
         business activity prohibited and/or length of time, but could be rendered enforceable by reducing any part or
         all of it, you and we agree that it will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law and
         public policy. We and Franchisee may obtain in any court of competent jurisdiction any injunctive relief,
         including, but not limited to, temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, against conduct or
         threatened conduct for which no adequate remedy at law may be available or which may cause it irreparable
         harm. You acknowledge that any violation of Paragraph 4, 5 or 6 hereof would result in irreparable injury
         for which no adequate remedy at law may be available. If we or Franchisee file a claim to enforce this
         Agreement and prevail in such proceeding, you agree to reimburse us and/or Franchisee for all our or its costs
         and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.

9.       This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New
         Hampshire, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any legal proceeding relating to
         this Agreement or the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement shall be brought or otherwise
         commenced only in the State or Federal courts of the State of New Hampshire, unless we decide to initiate
         the legal proceeding in the jurisdiction in which you reside. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, any
         legal proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement between
         you and Franchisee in which we are not a party shall be brought or otherwise commenced only in the State
         or Federal courts closest to Franchisee’s principal place of business, unless you and Franchisee are parties to
         an agreement designating the forum for the resolution of disputes between you and Franchisee, in which case
         the forum designated in such agreement shall control. You irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such
         courts and waive any objection you may have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in such courts.

10.      YOU HAVE CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT, HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO
         CONSULT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL REGARDING ITS CONTENTS AND HAVE HAD THE
         OPPORTUNITY TO CAREFULLY EVALUATE THE FRANCHISE OFFERING. YOU
         UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE AGREEING TO RESTRICT YOUR COMPETITIVE BUSINESS
         ACTIVITY BOTH DURING AND AFTER THE TERM OF THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. YOU
         WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.




                            [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]




FDD - 2025                            PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - Appendix C-3                  PLANET FITNESS®
