5.       FEES.

         5.1     INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE. You agree to pay us a nonrecurring and nonrefundable initial
                 franchise fee in the amount of Twenty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($20,000), that shall be due when you
                 execute the Agreement (“Initial Franchise Fee”). The Initial Franchise Fee shall be deemed fully
                 earned by us at the time it is due. If this Agreement is issued pursuant to an ADA, the Initial
                 Franchise Fee is waived.

         5.2     ROYALTY. You agree to pay us a nonrefundable royalty (“Royalty”) per Monthly Membership
                 Accounting Period and Annual Membership Accounting Period via EFT. The Royalty is equal to
                 seven percent (7%) of the EFT Dues Draft. We will collect the Royalty on the Monthly Membership
                 Billing Day(s) and Annual Membership Billing Day(s), as applicable, pursuant to our Methods of
                 Operation, via EFT initiated by us or by a third party authorized by us from the EFT Dues Draft, the
                 Designated Account, or by such other means as we may authorize and approve. Notwithstanding
                 the foregoing, we reserve the right, on sixty (60) days’ prior written notice to you, to calculate the
                 Royalty with reference to the Total Net Membership Revenues of the BUSINESS.

         5.3     DESIGNATED ACCOUNT AND AUTHORIZED EFT. Prior to the opening of the BUSINESS,
                 you shall establish a designated bank account (“Designated Account”) from which we or our
                 authorized designee shall be authorized to withdraw in any manner which we prescribe, which may
                 include wire transfer, any amounts due to us, our Affiliates or certain other parties as described
                 herein, including, without limitation, Royalty, LAF fees, Ad Fees, training fees, consultation fees,
                 or any other fees or monies payable by you and related to the BUSINESS, this Agreement or your
                 ADA, if applicable. We have the right to review your sales numbers on a daily basis. On the days
                 designated as your Monthly Membership Billing Day(s) and Annual Membership Billing Day(s),
                 we or our authorized designee shall calculate the Royalty due for that Monthly Membership
                 Accounting Period and Annual Membership Accounting Period and withdraw such amount, along
                 with any other amounts then due and owing under this Agreement including, without limitation,
                 LAF fees, Ad Fees, training fees, consultation fees, or any other fees or monies, directly from the
                 EFT Dues Draft or the Designated Account. All costs and expenses of establishing and maintaining
                 such Designated Account, including transaction fees and wire transfer fees, shall be paid by you.
                 You agree to maintain at all times sufficient funds in the Designated Account for such withdrawals.
                 We reserve the right to designate another method of payment or time frame for payment upon written
                 notice to you or in our Operations Manual.

         5.4     INTEREST ON LATE PAYMENTS. All amounts which you owe us and do not pay us when due
                 will bear interest after their due date at the lesser of: (a) the highest contract rate of interest permitted
                 by law; or (b) ten (10%) percent per annum, which shall be immediately due and payable. You
                 acknowledge that this Article does not constitute our agreement to accept any payments after they
                 are due or our commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance your operation of, the
                 BUSINESS.

         5.5     WITHHOLDING AND APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. Notwithstanding any designation
                 you might make, we have the right to apply any of your payments to any of your past due
                 indebtedness to us. You acknowledge and agree that we have the right to set off any amounts you
                 or your Owners owe us against any amounts we might owe you or your Owners. You may not offset
                 any amounts you owe us or otherwise withhold payment of any amounts owed to us on the grounds
                 of our alleged nonperformance of any of our obligations hereunder.

         5.6     COLLECTION OF PAST DUE AMOUNTS. If you are more than sixty (60) days past due on
                 any undisputed payment (except a payment you have failed to make due to a force majeure event)
                 to us, our affiliate, any vendor or landlord, or another third party that we deem material to the
                 operation of the BUSINESS, we may send you written notice of such failure to pay. If you do not
                 either pay the overdue amount or send us and, if applicable, such third party written notice disputing
                 the amount overdue, including the good faith basis for such dispute, within fourteen (14) days of
                 your receipt of our written notice, then you hereby authorize us to collect such amount from you as




FDD - 2025                                 PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 16                           PLANET FITNESS®
