              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


        M.      “Marketing Plan” means the Co-op’s annual marketing plan (including any
related budget identifying all types of expenditures under such plan).

        N.      “Member” means each Planet Fitness Club designated as a member of the Co-op
in Section III.A of these Bylaws.

        O.     “Member in Good Standing” means a Member in compliance with these Bylaws
and, if a Franchisee Member, not in default of the Member’s Franchise Agreement beyond the
applicable cure period.

       P.      “Monthly EFT” means the total gross monthly membership fees that are due and
payable by or on behalf of the members of a Planet Fitness Club, as more specifically defined
under a Franchise Agreement.

       Q.      “Non-Disclosure Agreement” means an agreement protecting Confidential
Information, in a form mutually approved by Franchisor and the Co-op.

      R.     “Ownership Group” means one or more Members under common control within a
Cooperative Area.

     S.     “Ownership Group in Good Standing” means an Ownership Group with all of its
Members in Good Standing.

       T.     “Planet Fitness Club” means a Planet Fitness fitness facility in the Cooperative
Area, whether franchised or operated by Franchisor or an affiliate.

      U.     “Representative” means the natural person designated by each Member to act on
such Member’s behalf.

Section II -- Formation of Co-op

       A.      Purpose and Authority.

               1.     Purpose. These Bylaws have been adopted for the purpose of regulating
and managing the Co-op’s affairs. The Co-op has been organized for the exclusive purpose of
administering advertising programs and developing, subject to Franchisor’s approval,
promotional materials for use by the Members (the “Purpose”).

                2.      Franchisor’s Right to Terminate. Franchisor, upon sixty (60) days written
notice to the Co-op, may terminate the Co-op at any time. Termination of the Co-op shall not
extinguish responsibility on behalf of the Co-op or its Members for liabilities incurred prior to
the effective date of the termination.

               3.      Authority; Expenditure of Co-op’s monies. The Co-op shall have the
power to perform only such acts as are authorized by these Bylaws and such other acts as are
incidental and necessary to achieve the Co-op’s Purpose. The Co-op shall spend monies for any
lawful purpose in furtherance of the Co-op’s Purpose.



                                                2
