22.      Dispute Resolution.

                                22.1 Mediation. Except as provided in Article 22.3, prior to filing any demand for
                      arbitration, the parties agree to mediate any dispute, controversy or claim between and among
                      the parties and any of our or your affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, members,
                      guarantors, employees or owners arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to this
                      Agreement, any lease or sublease for any of your PLANET FITNESS Businesses, any loan or
                      other finance arrangement between us or our affiliates and you, the parties’ relationship, any of
                      your PLANET FITNESS Businesses, or any System standard in accordance with the following
                      procedures:

                    22.1.1 The party seeking mediation must commence mediation by sending the other party, in
accordance with Article 25, a written notice of its request for mediation headed “Notification of Dispute”. The
Notification of Dispute will specify, to the fullest extent possible, the party’s version of the facts surrounding the
dispute; the amount of damages and the nature of any injunctive or other relief such party claims. The party (or parties
as the case may be) receiving a Notification of Dispute will respond within twenty (20) days after receipt thereof, in
accordance with Article 25, stating its version of the facts and, if applicable, its position as to damages sought by the
party initiating the dispute procedure; provided, however, that if the dispute has been the subject of a Notice of Default
given under Article 9.4 of this Agreement, the other party will respond within ten (10) Business Days.

                   22.1.2 Upon receipt of a Notification of Dispute and response under Article 22.1.1, the parties
will endeavor, in good faith, to resolve the dispute outlined in the Notification of Dispute and response. If the parties
have been unable to resolve a dispute outlined in a Notification of Dispute or a response thereto within twenty (20)
days after receipt of the response, either party may initiate a mediation procedure with the American Arbitration
Association (“AAA”), pursuant to its Commercial Mediation Procedures (the “Procedures”). The parties must select
a mediator either jointly or as provided in the Procedures.

                    22.1.3 All mediation sessions will occur in Portsmouth, New Hampshire (or in the city of our
then-current headquarters, if our headquarters are no longer in New Hampshire) and must be attended by your
Responsible Owner (and any other persons with authority to settle the dispute on your behalf) and our representative(s)
who is/are authorized to settle the dispute. The parties may be represented by counsel at the mediation. The parties
agree to participate in the mediation proceedings in good faith and with the intention of resolving the dispute if at all
possible within ninety (90) days of the notice from the party seeking to initiate the mediation procedures. If the dispute
is not resolved within ninety (90) days, any party may initiate an arbitration pursuant to Article 22.2. In addition, if
the party receiving notice of mediation has not responded within five (5) days of delivery of the notice or a party fails
to participate in the mediation, this Article 22.1 will no longer be applicable and the other party can pursue arbitration.
The parties shall split equally the costs of the mediator. Each party must pay its own fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the mediation. The mediation proceeding and any negotiations and results thereof will be treated as a
compromise settlement negotiation and the entire process is confidential, except as otherwise expressly provided by
applicable law. At least five (5) days prior to the initial mediation session, each party must deliver a written statement
of positions.

                                22.2 Arbitration. Except as provided in Article 22.3, any dispute, controversy or claim
                      between you and us and any of our or your affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, members,
                      guarantors, employees or owners arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to this
                      Agreement, any lease or sublease for any of your PLANET FITNESS Businesses, any loan or
                      other finance arrangement between us or our affiliates and you, the parties’ relationship, any of
                      your PLANET FITNESS Businesses, or any System standard or the scope of validity of the
                      arbitration obligation under this Article not resolved by mediation must be submitted to binding
                      arbitration in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act. The arbitration will be administered
                      by the AAA pursuant to its Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect by one arbitrator.

                 22.2.1 In connection with any arbitration proceeding, each party will submit or file any claim
which would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by the then-current Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim not submitted or filed in
such proceeding will be barred.




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 27                            PLANET FITNESS®
