                 and agree that (a) this Agreement (and the relationship of the parties which arises from this
                 Agreement) grants us the right to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain from taking actions
                 not inconsistent with your express rights and obligations hereunder that may affect favorably or
                 adversely your interests; (b) we will use our judgment in exercising such rights based on our
                 assessment of our own interests and balancing those interests against the interests of the owners of
                 PLANET FITNESS Businesses generally (including ourselves, and our Affiliates and other
                 franchisees), and specifically without considering your individual interests or the individual interests
                 of any other particular franchisee, and no court, arbitrator or judge or trier of fact, or any other
                 person reviewing those activities or decisions may substitute their judgment for our judgment, in
                 recognition of the fact that the long-term goals of a franchise system, and the long-term interests of
                 both us and our franchisees taken together, require that we have the latitude to exercise our business
                 judgment in administering, managing and overseeing the System; (c) we will have no liability to
                 you for the exercise of our rights in this manner so long as such rights are not exercised in bad faith
                 toward you; and (d) in the absence of such bad faith, no trier of fact in any legal action or arbitration
                 proceeding shall substitute their judgment for our judgment so exercised.

         19.16   JOINT AND SEVERAL OWNERS’ LIABILITY. If two (2) or more persons are at any time the
                 Owner of the BUSINESS hereunder, whether as partners or joint venturers, their obligations and
                 liabilities to us will be joint and several.

         19.17   ANTI-TERRORISM LAWS. You acknowledge that it is our intent to comply with all anti-
                 terrorism laws enacted by the U.S. Government, including, but not limited to, the USA PATRIOT
                 ACT or Executive Order 13324. You represent and warrant that neither you nor any of your
                 Affiliates are now, nor have you or they ever been, a suspected terrorist or otherwise associated
                 directly or indirectly with terrorist activity. You represent and warrant that to your actual and
                 constructive knowledge that neither you, nor any of your Affiliates, or any funding source for the
                 BUSINESS is now or during the term of this Agreement will be (1) identified on the sanctions or
                 “blocked persons” lists at the United States Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control; (2) directly
                 or indirectly owned or controlled by the government of any country that is subject to an embargo
                 imposed by the United States government; (3) acting on behalf of the government of, or is involved
                 in business arrangements or other transactions with, any country that is subject to such an embargo;
                 (4) on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons, Entities and Unverified Lists, the U.S.
                 Department of State’s Debarred Lists, or on the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Lists of Specialty
                 Designated Nationals, Specialty Designated Narcotics Traffickers or Specialty Designated
                 Terrorists, or any other lists of persons that are restricted or prohibited from doing business in the
                 United States, as such lists may be amended from time to time (collectively, the “Lists”); or (5)
                 selling products, goods, or services to, or otherwise enter into a business arrangement with, any
                 person on any of the Lists or with which you are otherwise prohibited from doing business. You
                 agree to notify us in writing immediately upon the occurrence of any act or event that would render
                 any of these representations incorrect. At any time during the Term of this Agreement, if we are
                 prohibited from doing business with you or any of your Affiliates under any anti-terrorism law
                 enacted by the U.S. Government, then we may terminate this Agreement immediately.

         19.18   RIGHT TO INFORMATION. You consent to us obtaining, using and disclosing to third parties
                 (including, without limitation, financial institutions, legal and financial advisors, and existing or
                 prospective franchisees), for any purpose we reasonably specify or as may be required by law, all
                 financial and other information (including, without limitation, membership data and customer lists)
                 contained in or resulting from information, data, materials, statements and reports related, directly
                 or indirectly, to the BUSINESS. You acknowledge that our ability to obtain, use and disclose such
                 information allows us to, among other things, better understand the performance of the System,
                 continually improve the System, negotiate favorable arrangements with System suppliers, attract
                 new franchisees, and assist existing franchisees in developing and operating their PLANET
                 FITNESS Businesses.

         19.19   MULTIPLE COPIES AND ELECTRONIC RECORDS. This Agreement may be executed in
                 multiple copies, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which when taken together




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 77                         PLANET FITNESS®
