             “Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Plan” - Defined in Article 10.2.

             “Purchase Notice” – Defined in Article 16.13.

             “Relocation” – The moving of the Location for the BUSINESS and development of a new PLANET
             FITNESS Business in close proximity at a new location, approved by us in advance in writing, and
             the transfer of substantially all members from the BUSINESS to the new PLANET FITNESS
             Business. A Relocation may include a consolidation of two PLANET FITNESS Businesses operated
             by you for business reasons if approved by us in our sole discretion.

             “Relocation Marketing Plan” – Defined in Article 10.2.

             “Relocation Period” – Defined in Article 10.2.

             “Remedy Notice” – Defined in Article 15.5.

             “Reserved Area” - Defined in Article 4.3.

             “Responsible Owner” - Defined in Article 2.3.

             “ROFR Notice” – Defined in Article 13.8.

             “ROFR Period” – Defined in Article 13.8.

             “Royalty” - Defined in Article 5.2.

             “Sale Materials” – Defined in Article 13.8.

             “Silent Investor” - All individuals and/or entities identified in Appendix D.

             “Special Marketing Program Fee” – Defined in Article 10.4.

             “System” - The business methods, designs and arrangements for developing and operating PLANET
             FITNESS Businesses, which include the Marks, Methods of Operation, trade dress, image, design
             elements and layouts, equipment counts and mix, training, and certain operating and business
             standards and policies, including any copyright in any of the foregoing, all of which we may improve,
             further develop or otherwise modify from time to time.

             “System Data” – Defined in Article 11.4.

             “Telephone Companies” – Defined in Article 16.4.

             “Telephone Numbers” – Defined in Article 16.4.

             “Term” – Defined in Article 3.1.

             “Third-Party Transfer” – A proposed Transfer to any party that is not one of your Owners or an Entity
             solely owned by one or more of your Owners. In addition, the following Transfers are not considered
             Third-Party Transfers: (i) a Transfer to an Entity that is controlled by one or more of your Owners
             solely for estate planning purposes or (ii) a Transfer to an Immediate Family member of one of your
             Owners of a non-Controlling Interest in you, which is not one of a series of proposed Transfers which,
             in the aggregate, would constitute or result in the transfer of a Controlling Interest in you.

             “Total Net Membership Revenues” - The total receipts from all membership fees that are received by
             you. Total Net Membership Revenues does not include the fair market value of goods delivered and




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 7                       PLANET FITNESS®
