             b.   In Article 4.2 of the Acquisition Agreement under the heading “Purchase or Lease of the
                  Location,” the first two sentences are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the
                  following:

                    You must have leased, subleased, or purchased the Location prior to signing this
                    Agreement, unless otherwise set forth in Appendix H.

             c.   In Article 4.4(2) of the Acquisition Agreement under the subheading “Construction” the
                  first five sentences are hereby deleted in their entirety, and replaced with the following:

                    You must start remodeling or construction of your BUSINESS if applicable, within the
                    time frame set forth in Appendix H. You must engage a general contractor acceptable to
                    us. You must procure all applicable construction insurance in amounts and coverage
                    acceptable to us. Prior to starting construction, you must provide us with a final
                    construction schedule, with a reasonable level of detail, from your general contractor. You
                    must complete remodeling or construction of your BUSINESS if applicable, within the
                    time frame set forth in Appendix H; provided, however, that if you demonstrate to us that
                    you are working in good faith and earnestly toward this end, we may grant you an
                    extension beyond the applicable timeframe described above.

             d.   In Article 4.5 of the Acquisition Agreement with the heading “Fixtures, Furnishings,
                  Equipment and Signs,” the first sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with
                  the following:

                    Prior to Seller’s commencement of operations under the Initial Franchise Agreement, we
                    provided Seller with lists of the start-up inventory, furniture, fixtures, software, equipment
                    and supplies that we required Seller to obtain prior to commencing operations under the
                    Initial Franchise Agreement.

             e.   If the Business Commencement Date has occurred prior to the Effective Date, Article 4.6 of
                  the Acquisition Agreement, with the heading “Membership Pre-Sale,” is hereby deleted in
                  its entirety.

             f.   If the Business Commencement Date has occurred prior to the Effective Date, Article 4.7 of
                  the Acquisition Agreement, with the heading “Business Commencement,” is hereby deleted
                  in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                    4.7      CONTINUANCE OF OPERATIONS. You shall continue BUSINESS
                             operations after the execution of this Agreement, provided that:

                             (1)      we approve the BUSINESS as developed, remodeled, and/or reequipped
                                      in accordance with our specifications and standards and Appendix H;

                             (2)      initial or refresher training has been completed by you, your Responsible
                                      Owner, your Approved Operator, and/or your employees to our
                                      satisfaction as provided in Article 6.2;

                             (3)      you have given us a copy of your current Lease;

                             (4)      any transfer fee and all other amounts then due to us have been paid;

                             (5)      we have been furnished with copies of all insurance policies required by
                                      this Agreement, or such other evidence of insurance coverage and
                                      payment of premiums as we request or accept; and




FDD – 2025                          PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName AA - 2                        PLANET FITNESS®
