                provided in this Article 13.1, (i) we will notify you of such sale, assignment, novation or other
                transfer after the fact; and from the date of our notice, we will not be responsible for the obligations
                transferred and you will be bound to accept performance from such third party without the need to
                enter into any further document (regardless of whether you have executed a document reflecting
                such change).

         13.2   BY YOU. You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties created by this Agreement
                are personal to you (or, if you are an Entity, to your Owners) and that we have granted the Franchise
                to you in reliance upon our perceptions of your (or your Owners’) individual or collective character,
                skill, aptitude, attitude, business ability, acumen and financial capacity. Accordingly, you shall
                ensure that no Transfer shall occur without our prior written approval, subject to Article 13.4. Any
                such unapproved Transfer constitutes a material breach of this Agreement and is void and of no
                effect. Any Transfer of ownership, possession or control of the BUSINESS, which for the avoidance
                of doubt, includes, for example, a pledge, collateral assignment or grant of a security interest in this
                Agreement in connection with any transaction, is subject to compliance with this Article 13.

         13.3   CONDITIONS FOR APPROVAL OF TRANSFER. We will not unreasonably withhold our
                consent to a proposed Transfer. All of the conditions set forth below must be met prior to or
                concurrently with the effective date of the proposed Transfer; your and/or the proposed transferee’s
                failure to meet any such condition is a reasonable basis for withholding our consent to the Transfer.

                     (1)       Compliance. You are in substantial compliance with this Agreement; you and your
                               Affiliates have paid all amounts owed to us and our Affiliates related to this
                               Agreement or any other agreement entered into between you, your Affiliates, or your
                               Owners and us or our Affiliates. If you have failed to spend the amounts required by
                               Article 10.2(2) during the Term of this Agreement, we may require you to contribute
                               any LAF Shortfall to the NAF prior to the closing of the Transfer in order to satisfy
                               this condition.

                     (2)       Transferee. The proposed transferee and its direct and indirect owners must be of
                               good moral character and otherwise meet our then applicable and reasonable
                               standards for PLANET FITNESS franchisees. The proposed transferee and its
                               Affiliates, and, if you will retain the Franchise post-transaction, you and your
                               Affiliates, must have demonstrated that they (and you, if applicable) will have
                               reasonably adequate cash available, reasonably projected financial resources and a
                               reasonably acceptable capital structure, after taking into account current assets and
                               liabilities, reasonably projected future cash flows and obligations, and reasonable
                               assumptions related to financing and potential business and economic fluctuations,
                               to meet their development, re-equipment, remodeling and other obligations to us and
                               our Affiliates in connection with this Agreement and any other PLANET FITNESS
                               Businesses or development rights they own or are acquiring. You have disclosed to
                               us all ownership information, including, but not limited to any trust, charitable
                               organization or donor-advised fund, which will become an Owner pursuant to the
                               Transfer. Any trust instrument has been reviewed by us and our external legal counsel
                               at your expense, and the material terms of such trust have been approved by us in
                               writing, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.
                               As a condition to our approval, we may reasonably request changes to the material
                               terms of a trust instrument or other estate planning document to protect our interests
                               and the interests of the System.

                     (3)       Transfer Terms. You have disclosed to us all material terms of the Transfer along
                               with any additional information we reasonably request regarding your or the
                               transferee’s financial and operational capacity to operate the BUSINESS after the
                               Transfer. We approve of the terms of such Transfer as not materially and adversely
                               impacting the transferee’s operation of the BUSINESS following the Transfer, which
                               approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 46                         PLANET FITNESS®
