     connection with Client’s application or processing relationship may be shared with
     Association for any legitimate purpose;
      e. it will notify ABC of any 3rd party that will have access to cardholder data;

      f. it will comply with, and will contractually require its suppliers and agents to comply with,


     the provisions of the Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) and PCI DSS, or other
     security program as required by an Association and demonstration compliance with these
     security obligations; and
          g.   Associations may conduct, or direct another party to conduct, an audit of Client at any
               time, and Client must comply in all material respects with such audit until its completion.
     B.   Client represents and warrants that it will not:
          a.   discriminate against Cards or Issuers (e.g limited acceptance options) except in full compliance with the
               Operating Regulations;
          b.   intermingle fees associated with an Associations’ transactions with fees associated with other Card
               transactions in its pricing;
          c.   submit any transaction to ABC that was previously charged back and subsequently returned to the
               Client, irrespective of Cardholder approval;
d.      knowingly submit any transaction that is illegal or that the Client should have known was illegal. Client
     acknowledges that such transaction must be legal in both Cardholder’s and Client’s jurisdiction;
          e.   submit a transaction that it knows, or should have known is either fraudulent or not authorized by the
               Cardholder;
          f.   require a Cardholder to complete a postcard or similar device that includes the
     Cardholder’s account number, Card expiration date, signature, or any other Card account
     data in plain view when mailed, nor request a Card Verification Value 2 (“CVV2”) for a card-
     present transaction, nor retain or store any portion of the magnetic-stripe data subsequent
     to the authorization of a sales transaction, nor any other data prohibited by the Operating
     Regulations or this Addendum, including CVV2;
          g.   add a surcharge to transactions, except as expressly permitted by, and in full compliance with, the
               Operating Regulations;
          h.   charge a minimum or maximum amount for a transaction unless expressly authorized by, and in full
               compliance with, the Operating Regulations;
          i.   disburse funds in the form of cash unless Client is participating in full compliance with a
     program supported by an Association for such cash disbursements and in full compliance
     with the Operating Regulations;
          j.   submit a transaction that does not result from an act between the Cardholder and the Client;
