         You represent and warrant that neither you nor any of your Owners or affiliates are now, nor have you or
         they ever been, a suspected terrorist or otherwise associated directly or indirectly with terrorist activity. You
         represent and warrant that to your actual and constructive knowledge that neither you, your Owners, nor any
         of your affiliates, or any funding source for your or their PLANET FITNESS Businesses, is now or during
         the term of this Agreement will be (1) identified on the sanctions or “blocked persons” lists at the United
         States Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control; (2) directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the
         government of any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States government; (3) acting
         on behalf of the government of, or is involved in business arrangements or other transactions with, any
         country that is subject to such an embargo; (4) on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons, Entities
         and Unverified Lists, the U.S. Department of State’s Debarred Lists, or on the U.S. Department of Treasury’s
         Lists of Specialty Designated Nationals, Specialty Designated Narcotics Traffickers or Specialty Designated
         Terrorists, or any other lists of persons that are restricted or prohibited from doing business in the United
         States as such lists may be amended from time to time (collectively, the “Lists”); or (5) selling products,
         goods, or services to, or otherwise enter into a business arrangement with, any person or entity on any of the
         Lists or with which you are otherwise prohibited from doing business. You agree to notify us in writing
         immediately upon the occurrence of any act or event that would render any of these representations incorrect.
         At any time during the term of this Agreement, if we are prohibited from doing business with you or any of
         your Owners under any anti-terrorism law enacted by the U.S. Government, then we may terminate this
         Agreement immediately.

37.      Representative Capacity. In all of their dealings with you in connection with this Agreement, our officers,
         directors, employees, consultants, advisors, and agents act only in a representative, and not in an individual,
         capacity.

38.      Time. Time is of the essence to this Agreement.

39.      Headings; Construction. The headings of the Articles hereof are for convenience only and do not define, limit
         or construe the contents of such Articles. If applicable law shall impose a covenant of good faith and fair
         dealing in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that such covenant shall not impose any rights or
         obligations that are inconsistent with a fair construction of the terms of this Agreement. Additionally, if
         applicable law shall impose such covenant, we and you acknowledge and agree that (a) this Agreement (and
         the relationship of the parties which arises from this Agreement) grants us the right to make decisions, take
         actions and/or refrain from taking actions not inconsistent with your express rights and obligations hereunder
         that may affect favorably or adversely your interests; (b) we will use our judgment in exercising such rights
         based on our assessment of our own interests and balancing those interests against the interests of the owners
         of PLANET FITNESS Businesses generally (including ourselves, and our affiliates and other franchisees),
         and specifically without considering your individual interests or the individual interests of any other
         particular franchisee, and no court, arbitrator or judge or trier of fact, or any other person reviewing those
         activities or decisions may substitute their judgment for our judgment, in recognition of the fact that the long-
         term goals of a franchise system, and the long-term interests of both us and our franchisees taken together,
         require that we have the latitude to exercise our business judgment in administering, managing and
         overseeing the System; (c) we will have no liability to you for the exercise of our rights in this manner so
         long as such rights are not exercised in bad faith toward you; and (d) in the absence of such bad faith, no trier
         of fact in any legal action or arbitration proceeding shall substitute their judgment for our judgment so
         exercised.
                                                 [Signatures to follow]




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 32                           PLANET FITNESS®
