Table of Contents
                                                          Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                            Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                                               (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



Tax benefit arrangements
The Company’s acquisition of Holdings Units in connection with the IPO and future and certain past exchanges of Holdings Units for shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock (or cash at the option of the Company) are expected to produce and have produced favorable tax attributes. In connection with the IPO,
the Company entered into two tax receivable agreements, pursuant to which, the Company is required to make payments to certain holders of equity interests or
their successors-in-interest (“TRA Holders”). Under the first of those arrangements, the Company generally is required to pay certain existing and previous
equity owners of Pla-Fit Holdings, LLC 85% of the applicable tax savings, if any, in U.S. federal and state income tax that the Company is deemed to realize as
a result of certain tax attributes of their Holdings Units sold to the Company (or exchanged in a taxable sale) and that are created as a result of (i) the sales of
their Holdings Units for shares of Class A common stock and (ii) tax benefits attributable to payments made under the tax receivable agreement (including
imputed interest). Under the second tax receivable agreement, the Company generally is required to pay 85% of the amount of tax savings, if any, that the
Company is deemed to realize as a result of the tax attributes of certain equity interests previously held by affiliates of TSG that resulted from TSG’s purchase
of interests in Pla-Fit Holdings in 2012, and certain other tax benefits. Under both agreements, the Company generally retains the remaining 15% benefit of the
applicable tax savings.
In connection with the exchanges that occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2024, 326,073 Holding Units, respectively, were redeemed by the
Continuing LLC Owners for newly-issued shares of Class A common stock, resulting in an increase in the tax basis of the net assets of Pla-Fit Holdings. As a
result of the change in the Company’s ownership percentage of Pla-Fit Holdings that occurred in conjunction with the exchanges and issuance of Holding
Units, the Company recorded a decrease of $400 to net deferred tax assets, during the three months ended March 31, 2024. As a result of these exchanges and
other activity during the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company also recognized a deferred tax asset in the amount of $7,519 and a corresponding
tax benefit arrangement liability of $2,694, representing approximately 85% of the tax benefits due to the TRA Holders for shares exchanged that were subject
to tax benefit arrangements. The offset to the entries recorded in connection with exchanges was to additional paid in capital within stockholders’ deficit.
The Company had a liability of $466,832 and $466,916 as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, related to its projected obligations under
the tax benefit arrangements.
Projected future payments under the tax benefit arrangements were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Amount
Remainder of 2025                                                                                                                     $                    55,556
2026                                                                                                                                                       55,824
2027                                                                                                                                                       39,975
2028                                                                                                                                                       42,506
2029                                                                                                                                                       44,252
Thereafter                                                                                                                                                228,719
   Total                                                                                                                              $                   466,832


(12) Commitments and contingencies
From time to time, and in the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to various claims, charges, and litigation, such as employment-related claims
and slip and fall cases.
The Company is not currently aware of any other legal proceedings or claims that the Company believes will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on the Company’s financial position or result of operations.

(13) Segments
The Company has three reportable segments: (i) Franchise; (ii) Corporate-owned clubs; and (iii) Equipment.
The Company’s operations are organized and managed by type of products and services and segment information is reported accordingly. The Company’s chief
operating decision maker (the “CODM”) is its Chief Executive Officer. The CODM reviews financial performance and allocates resources by reportable
segment. There have been no operating segments aggregated to arrive at the Company’s reportable segments. Revenues for all operating segments include only
transactions with unaffiliated customers and include no intersegment revenues. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those
described in Note 2.



                                                                                21
