10.      MARKETING.

         10.1   NATIONAL ADVERTISING.

                   (1)         NAF; Ad Fees. Recognizing the value of advertising and marketing to the goodwill
                               and public image of PLANET FITNESS Businesses and the PLANET FITNESS
                               brand, we have established and administer a National Advertising Fund (“NAF”) for
                               the creation and development of marketing, advertising, digital, and related programs
                               and materials, including electronic, print and Internet media as well as the planning
                               and purchasing of national and/or regional (which, for clarity, may include one (1) or
                               more designated market areas) network advertising to promote and enhance the
                               PLANET FITNESS brand in such manner and media as we determine. You agree
                               to contribute to the NAF such amounts that we prescribe from time to time, not to
                               exceed three percent (3%) of the EFT Dues Draft for the calendar year (the “Ad Fee”),
                               payable monthly via EFT in the same manner as the Royalty due hereunder. Subject
                               to Appendix G, as of the Effective Date the Ad Fee is two percent (2%) of the EFT
                               Dues Draft. We may adjust the Ad Fee, subject to a maximum of three percent (3%)
                               of the EFT Dues Draft, upon one hundred eighty (180) days’ notice to you (the “Ad
                               Fee Change Notice”). The Ad Fee Change Notice may be by e-mail in lieu of
                               compliance with the requirements of Article 20.1. We reserve the right to change the
                               three percent (3%) maximum limit on the Ad Fee (as well as the maximum limit on
                               Local Advertising Funds contributions) in the future by gaining an approval vote
                               under the Voting Procedures by either (i) sixty-six percent (66%) of all then existing
                               company and franchised PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the United States, or (ii)
                               fifty-one percent (51%) of all then existing franchised PLANET FITNESS
                               Businesses in the United States.

                         (a)      If the BUSINESS has opened as of March 31 of the then-current calendar year:

                                  The Ad Fee may fluctuate by up to 1 basis point due to the estimation involved in
                                  calculating the December NAF Percentage. During each month, you must
                                  contribute to the NAF an amount equal to the following percentages of the EFT
                                  Dues Draft each month (the “NAF Percentage”):

                                                   Month                                      NAF Percentage
                                         January, February, March                                 3.6%
                                              April, May, June                                    1.5%
                                          July, August, September                                 1.5%
                                       October, November, December                                1.5%

                  We may increase the monthly NAF Percentage from the NAF Percentages in the chart above
                  no more than once per quarter upon 15 days’ prior notice; provided, however, we may not
                  increase any of these monthly NAF Percentages by more than 30 basis points (e.g., the NAF
                  Percentage for November may never exceed 1.8%). There is no limit on our right to decrease
                  the NAF Percentage. The notice requirement and limitation on increases do not apply to the
                  December NAF Percentage adjustment discussed below.

                  In addition, if required, we will adjust the NAF Percentage applicable to the December EFT
                  Dues Draft (the “December NAF Percentage”) so that your NAF contributions for the year are
                  equal to the Ad Fee. The December NAF Percentage will be based on the EFT Dues Draft and
                  your NAF contributions to date and our forecast of the EFT Dues Draft in December.

                         (b)      If the BUSINESS opens on or after April 1 of the then-current calendar year:




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 34                       PLANET FITNESS®
