from time to time for the operation of a PLANET FITNESS Business and any other information we provide to you
during the term of the Agreement relating to your operation of your PLANET FITNESS Business or to any other of
your obligations under this Agreement and related agreements.

15.      Development in Development Area Upon Termination or Expiration.

                               15.1 You acknowledge and agree that, subject to Articles 9.6 and 15.2, after the
                      expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, any and all rights you had in and to
                      the Development Area shall cease and we will have the absolute and unrestricted right to develop
                      the Development Area and to contract with other franchisees for the future development of the
                      Development Area. You acknowledge and agree that such right includes, but is not limited to,
                      the development of new PLANET FITNESS Businesses, and relocation of existing PLANET
                      FITNESS Businesses, in the same trade area as, and in close proximity to, the locations of
                      PLANET FITNESS Businesses developed under this Agreement.

                               15.2 In the event that, after the expiration of this Agreement, we wish (ourselves or
                      through our affiliates) to develop or enter into a development agreement or franchise
                      agreement(s) with a third party to develop any additional PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the
                      Development Area, we will provide you a right of first refusal to develop PLANET FITNESS
                      Businesses in the Development Area on the terms and conditions described in this Article 15.2.
                      You shall have this right of first refusal only if (1) you have fully complied with the Development
                      Schedule in the Development Area as required by this Agreement, and all PLANET FITNESS
                      Businesses required by the Development Schedule remain open and operating; (2) none of your
                      or your affiliates’ agreements with us have been unilaterally terminated by us due to a default,
                      except for terminations due to an Excluded Default; and (3) you and your affiliates have no
                      outstanding, noticed and uncured defaults (past any applicable opportunity to cure) under any
                      Franchise Agreement. In such case, we will provide you with a written notice of such proposed
                      development (a “Development Notice”), which will include the proposed development schedule
                      or proposed franchise locations and any proposed financial terms not contained in our current
                      Franchise Disclosure Document. For the avoidance of doubt, we may send a Development
                      Notice to you without any prior discussions with a prospective third-party developer. You shall
                      have sixty (60) days from your receipt of a Development Notice (the “Development ROFR
                      Period”) to execute a new development agreement or franchise agreement(s), as applicable, with
                      us on the terms contained in the Development Notice and on our then-current form of
                      development agreement or franchise agreement (which may contain materially different and less
                      favorable terms than this Agreement). If you fail to enter into such agreements during the
                      Development ROFR Period, then we may commence development of or enter into an agreement
                      with a third party to develop such additional PLANET FITNESS Business on the same or
                      substantially similar terms as provided in the Development Notice within ninety (90) days of the
                      expiration of the Development ROFR Period (“Alternative Development”). Upon Alternative
                      Development, your rights under this Article 15.2 shall terminate and be of no further force or
                      effect.

16.      Transfer by Us. We have the right to directly or indirectly sell, assign, pledge, novate or otherwise transfer,
         in whole or in part, our interest in this Agreement, and any such sale, assignment, pledge, novation or other
         transfer shall inure to the benefit of any assignee, transferee, novatee or other legal successor to our interest.
         Any of our affiliates may transfer, sell, pledge, dispose of, or otherwise convey, their ownership rights in us
         or any other of our affiliates, by operation of applicable laws or otherwise, including by public offering, to
         any person without your consent. If we assign or transfer our rights or obligations under this Agreement to a
         third party who expressly assumes its obligations as provided in this Article 16, (i) we will notify you of such
         sale, assignment, novation or other transfer after the fact; and (ii) from the date of our notice, we will not be
         responsible for the obligations transferred and you will be bound to accept performance from such third party
         without the need to enter into any further document (regardless of whether you have executed a document
         reflecting such change).




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 18                            PLANET FITNESS®
