              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


       B.      Advisory Council. The Co-op may, by a Majority Vote, establish and appoint
members to serve on an advisory council. The Manager shall provide advance notice soliciting
nominations for, and of any vote on, proposed advisory council members. The purpose of the
advisory council will be to provide advice and recommendations to the Manager regarding the
expenditure of Co-op monies. The Manager shall not be bound by any recommendations.
Subject to Section V.F, only Members in Good Standing (or their Representatives) may serve on
an advisory council.

Section IX -- Pilot Programs

       Membership in the Co-op may be delayed and/or Contribution Requirements for certain
Members may be temporarily reduced in connection with marketing pilot programs as designated
by Franchisor.

Section X -- Amendments

        These Bylaws may be amended, repealed, altered, in whole or in part, by the affirmative
vote of at least two thirds (66%) of Members in Good Standing, with the approval of Franchisor.

Section XI -- Liability and Indemnification

         A.      Liability. Nothing herein shall constitute Franchisor, any Franchisor affiliate, or
any Members as partners for any purpose. Neither Franchisor, any Franchisor affiliate, nor any
Member, officer, agent, or employee of the Co-op shall be liable for the acts or failure to act of
the other. No officer or employee of the Co-op shall be liable to any Member or to the Co-op
for its acts or failure to act under these Bylaws.

        B.      Indemnification. The Co-op shall indemnify, exculpate, defend and hold
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Franchisor and its affiliates, and the respective
officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants, and
employees of each of them from all losses and expenses incurred in connection with any third
party action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, investigation, or inquiry (formal or informal), or
any settlement thereof, which arises out of or is based upon any action by the Co-op unless such
action was the result of Franchisor’s willful misconduct, or gross negligence. The Co-op shall
indemnify, exculpate, defend and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the
Manager from all losses and expenses incurred in connection with any action, suit, proceeding,
claim, demand, investigation, or inquiry (formal or informal), or any settlement thereof, which
arises out of or is based upon any action by the Manager or the Co-op unless such action was
solely the result of Manager’s willful misconduct, or gross negligence. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing herein alters in any way the Indemnification provisions in each Members’
respective Franchise Agreement.

Section XII -- Confidentiality

        Each Member of the Co-op shall maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information
as required by the applicable Member’s Franchise Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing,
the Co-op (and the Manager on its behalf) must similarly maintain the confidentiality of


                                                  8
