extended coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief insurance, for 100% of the replacement
value of your PLANET FITNESS franchise and its contents; and (c) any other insurance policies,
like business interruption insurance, abuse and molestation insurance, tanning insurance,
employment practices liability insurance, automobile insurance, unemployment insurance, cyber
liability insurance, excess umbrella insurance and worker’s compensation insurance (with a broad
form all-states endorsement) as we specify. For any interruption in the operation of your business
(except for an interruption due to a remodel of the business), you must continue to pay us, during
such period of interruption, continuing Royalty fees based on the average monthly Royalty fees
paid by you during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the period of interruption.
However, if (a) this interruption is due to force majeure, (b) you have obtained the insurance
coverage we require or reasonably recommend, and (c) you properly and timely submit all
applicable insurance claims, the Royalty fees payable to us during this period of interruption will
be based on the insurance payments, if any, you receive. Your insurance must also cover identity
theft and theft of personal information, including the costs of notifying members whose
information has been compromised. All insurance policies must: (1) be issued by carriers approved
by us; (2) contain the types and minimum amounts of coverage, exclusions and maximum
deductibles as we prescribe periodically; (3) contain an additional insured endorsement naming
Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC as an additional insured; and (4) include such other provisions as we
may require periodically. You agree to provide us 30 days’ prior written notice of any reduction
in insurance limits, downgraded insurance paper or cancellation or expiration of an insurance
policy. You must furnish us with a Certificate of Insurance annually, upon our request. We reserve
the right to request schedules of insurance and/or insurance policy copies to review for compliance.
We do not guarantee that any insurance that we require or recommend you to purchase, or which
we purchase on your behalf, will provide adequate coverage for you. You should consult with your
own advisors to determine if any additional insurance coverage is recommended for your
PLANET FITNESS business.

        Below are the types and minimum coverage amounts that we currently typically require
for each franchised PLANET FITNESS business per location. If we change our insurance
coverage requirements, you will have at least thirty (30) days to comply with those changes. If
your state requires greater coverage amounts for the categories listed below, you must obtain and
maintain coverage as required by your state.

COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY:
Each Occurrence                                                  $1,000,000
General Aggregate Limit:                                         $2,000,000
Products/Completed Operations Aggregate Limit:                   $2,000,000
Personal and Advertising Injury Limit:                           $1,000,000
Fire Damage Legal Liability Limit – any one fire                 $1,000,000
Abuse and Molestation (silent/non-exclusionary language) – each occurrence $1,000,000

Tanning (silent/non-exclusionary language) – each occurrence    $1,000,000
Additional Insured – Grantor of Franchise Endorsement (CG 20 29 04 13 or its equivalent)

PROPERTY INSURANCE:
Business Personal Property                    Value of personal property
Tenant Improvements and Betterments           Value of tenant improvements

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                33
