                             ITEM 1
   THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

         This Disclosure Document provides certain information about Planet Fitness Franchising
LLC and the terms on which we currently offer franchises in the United States (as required by
federal regulations and certain state laws). This Disclosure Document cannot and does not provide
all the information a prospective franchisee should consider in making a decision on whether to
enter into a Franchise Agreement. Prospective franchisees should make an independent
investigation before making a decision to enter into a Franchise Agreement and should consult
with their own professional advisors, including their attorney and accountant. Unless the context
otherwise requires, all references to “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Franchisor” refer to Planet Fitness
Franchising LLC and all references to “you” or “your” refer to the person who is inquiring about
or is granted the right to operate a PLANET FITNESS® franchise under a Franchise Agreement.
If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or any other type of legal entity,
the provisions of the Franchise Agreement also apply to your owners who must sign a personal
guaranty agreeing to comply with all provisions of the Franchise Agreement.

The Franchisor, Its Predecessors, Affiliates, and Parents

       We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 13, 2018. We do business
under our corporate name and under the PLANET FITNESS name. We have been offering
franchises for the operation of PLANET FITNESS businesses since August 2018. We have not
conducted business in any other line of business or offered franchises in any other line of business.
Our principal business address currently is 4 Liberty Lane West, Floor 2, Hampton, NH 03842,
and the principal business address of our affiliates, predecessors and parents below is the same,
except as otherwise indicated below. Our agents to receive service of process are identified in
attached Exhibit “A”.

       Our affiliate and predecessor, Pla-Fit Franchise, LLC (“Pla-Fit Franchise”), offered
franchises for the operation of PLANET FITNESS businesses from February 2003 through July
2018. Pla-Fit Franchise was organized in the state of New Hampshire on January 27, 2003. Its
principal business address is 4 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, NH 03842. We acquired all the marks
and other intellectual property used in the franchise System in the United States, from our affiliate,
PFIP, LLC (“PFIP”). PFIP was organized in New Hampshire on November 30, 2000.

       Our immediate parent, Planet Fitness Master Issuer LLC (“Master Issuer”), and its
immediate parent, Planet Fitness SPV Guarantor LLC (“Guarantor”), were organized in Delaware
on June 13, 2018.

       Our affiliate, Planet Fitness Assetco LLC (“Assetco”) was organized on June 13, 2018, and
owns and operates certain corporate PLANET FITNESS locations in the United States.
Throughout this disclosure document, we refer to those PLANET FITNESS locations operated
by our affiliate as “company-owned” or “corporate” locations.

        Our affiliate, Planet Fitness Distribution LLC (“PF Equipment”) was organized on June
13, 2018, and is the approved supplier of fitness equipment in the United States. We may require
you to conduct business with it. See Item 8 for more information on approved suppliers.


FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                  1
