                   programs. We reserve the right to modify the list of qualifying and non-qualifying
                   advertising expenditures in the Operations Manual from time to time.

             (5)   Approved Materials and Vendors. All advertising or promotional materials or
                   programs used in marketing the BUSINESS (including all sponsorships and
                   partnerships) must be pre-approved by us. At least thirty (30) days prior to the
                   production of any advertising and promotional materials not prepared or previously
                   approved by us, you must submit written samples of such material for our approval.
                   If you do not receive written approval from us within fifteen (15) days after our
                   receipt of such materials, such materials will be deemed disapproved. Pursuant to
                   Article 6.6, we own the copyrights to anything so created, whether approved by us or
                   not. You may not use any advertising or promotional materials that we have
                   disapproved. You may only work with pre-approved marketing suppliers and you
                   must work with an advertising or media agency that is an Approved Supplier to
                   administer your LAF spending. You must facilitate communication between such
                   agency and us related to the marketing of the BUSINESS. You must follow billing
                   guidelines that we reasonably require. In addition to all other rights and remedies
                   provided herein and under applicable law, (a) any funds spent on advertising or
                   promotional materials or programs not approved by us or using marketing suppliers
                   not approved by us shall not count towards your marketing expenditure requirements
                   hereunder, and (b) you shall indemnify us for our costs (including, but not limited to,
                   outside legal fees) in unwinding unapproved partnerships and programs.

             (6)   Annual Marketing Plan. At our request, you must submit an annual marketing plan
                   that shall include the Marketing Plan Items. Such plan must be submitted within
                   forty-five (45) days of our request. At our request or at your option, such plan will
                   aggregate the required information among all PLANET FITNESS Businesses
                   owned by you or your Affiliates within a designated market area. We may request
                   quarterly updates to the annual marketing plan, which you agree to provide us within
                   thirty (30) days of our request. You must provide us with access to the marketing
                   plans and marketing materials related to the BUSINESS. If marketing plans and/or
                   other materials are prepared for you by a supplier, you must authorize and require
                   such supplier to share them with us. If you or your Affiliates have previously not
                   complied with any of the marketing requirements set forth in this Agreement or
                   another agreement with us or our Affiliates, or if we determine that you are marketing
                   the BUSINESS in a manner that is materially inconsistent with conventional industry
                   practices or applicable law, in addition to our other rights and remedies, we may
                   require that, upon written notice to you, your annual marketing plan be approved by
                   us before its use. In such case, our approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
                   conditioned, or delayed.

             (7)   Reporting. You shall provide us in a timely manner with such reporting and
                   documentation regarding your marketing of the BUSINESS as we may reasonably
                   request, which may include, for example, projected and actual spending data, tactical
                   allocation, copies of invoices and other relevant documentation. You shall provide
                   such reports and documentation in the format and at the times we may reasonably
                   specify in the Operations Manual.

             (8)   Compliance. We may, pursuant to Article 12 hereof, inspect and audit, or cause to be
                   inspected and audited, your BUSINESS records to confirm your compliance with this
                   Article 10.2. If such inspection or audit discloses material non-compliance with this
                   Article 10.2, you shall reimburse us as described in Article 12.3. Such reimbursement
                   is in addition to our other rights and remedies under this Agreement and under
                   applicable law.




FDD - 2025                  PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 40                       PLANET FITNESS®
