Table of Contents
                                                           Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



(1) Business organization
Planet Fitness, Inc. (the “Company”), through its subsidiaries, is a franchisor and operator of fitness centers, with approximately 19.7 million members and
2,722 owned and franchised locations (referred to as clubs) in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada, Panama, Mexico, Australia and
Spain as of December 31, 2024.
The Company serves as the reporting entity for its various subsidiaries that operate three distinct lines of business:
•   Licensing and selling franchises under the Planet Fitness trade name;
•   Owning and operating fitness centers under the Planet Fitness trade name; and
•   Selling fitness-related equipment to franchisee-owned clubs.
In 2012 investment funds affiliated with TSG Consumer Partners, LLC (“TSG”), purchased interests in Pla-Fit Holdings.
The Company was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 16, 2015 for the purpose of facilitating an initial public offering (“IPO”) and related
transactions in order to carry on the business of Pla-Fit Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (“Pla-Fit Holdings”). As of August 5, 2015, in connection with the
recapitalization transactions, the Company became the sole managing member and holder of 100% of the voting power of Pla-Fit Holdings. Pla-Fit Holdings
owns 100% of Planet Intermediate, LLC which has no operations but is the 100% owner of Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC, a franchisor and operator of fitness
centers. With respect to the Company, Pla-Fit Holdings and Planet Intermediate, LLC, each entity owns nothing other than the respective entity below it in the
corporate structure and each entity has no other material operations.
The Company is a holding company whose principal asset is a controlling equity interest in the membership units (“Holdings Units”) in Pla-Fit Holdings. As
the sole managing member of Pla-Fit Holdings, the Company operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Pla-Fit Holdings, and through Pla-Fit
Holdings, conducts its business. As a result, the Company consolidates Pla-Fit Holdings’ financial results and reports a non-controlling interest related to the
portion of Holdings Units not owned by the Company.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company held 100% of the voting interest, and approximately 99.6% of the economic interest in Pla-Fit Holdings and the
owners of Holdings Units other than the Company (the “Continuing LLC Owners”) held the remaining 0.4% economic interest in Pla-Fit Holdings. As future
exchanges of Holdings Units occur, the economic interest in Pla-Fit Holdings held by Planet Fitness, Inc. will increase.

(2) Summary of significant accounting policies
(a) Basis of presentation and consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
As discussed in Note 1, Planet Fitness, Inc. consolidates Pla-Fit Holdings. The Company also consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial
interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority voting interest. The Company also considers for consolidation certain interests where the
controlling financial interest may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a variable interest entity
(“VIE”), is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is considered to possess the power to direct the activities of
the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the rights to receive benefits from the VIE that are
significant to it. The principal entities in which the Company possesses a variable interest include franchise entities and certain other entities. The Company is
not deemed to be the primary beneficiary for Planet Fitness franchise entities. Therefore, these entities are not consolidated.
Planet Fitness NAF, LLC (the “national advertising fund” or “NAF”) is an advertising fund and is considered a VIE. The results of the NAF are consolidated
within these financial statements based on the determination that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the NAF. On behalf of the Company, the NAF
along with the Canadian Advertising Fund (“CAF” and collectively with the NAF, the “NAFs”) collect 2% annually of gross monthly and annual membership
dues from franchisees, in accordance with the provisions of the franchise agreements, and uses the amounts received to increase sales and further enhance the
public reputation of the Planet Fitness brand. See Note 3 for further information related to the NAFs.



                                                                                 68
