       Item 6.

        Item 6, under the heading entitled “Interest,” shall be amended to provide that the highest
interest rate allowed by law in California is ten percent (10%).

       Item 17.

        1.     California Business & Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide
rights to you concerning termination, transfer, or nonrenewal of a franchise. If the Franchise
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.

      2.     Termination of the Franchise Agreement by us because of your insolvency or
bankruptcy may not be enforceable under applicable federal law (11 U.S.C.A. 101 et seq.).

      3.      The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends
beyond the termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California
law.

        4.    You must sign a general release if you are granted a successor franchise or transfer
your franchise. These provisions may be unenforceable under California law. California
Corporations Code 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law
(California Corporations Code 31000 through 31516). Business and Professions Code 20010
voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code
20000 through 20043).

       5.      The Franchise Agreement requires the application of the laws of New Hampshire.
This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

        6.    The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur
in Portsmouth, New Hampshire (or the in the city of our then-current headquarters).

       7.      Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to
determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code
Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any
provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.

      8.      The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of punitive damages provision, which
may not be enforceable.

       Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the
California Franchise Investment Law are met independently without reference to this Addendum.




                                           M-2                         PLANET FITNESS®
