                                   AMENDMENT TO
                                  PLANET FITNESS®
                             FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR THE
                                 STATE OF MINNESOTA

        Notwithstanding anything which may be contained in the body of the Franchise Agreement
to the contrary, the Franchise Agreement is amended as follows:

       1.     We will undertake the defense of any claim of infringement by third parties
involving the PLANET FITNESS® mark, and you will cooperate with the defense in any
reasonable manner prescribed by us with any direct cost of such cooperation to be borne by us.

        2.      With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, Franchisor will comply with
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subd. 3-5, which require (except in certain specified cases)
(a) that Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’
notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement; and (b) that consent to the transfer of the
franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.

         3.     Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400(J) prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the
franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition,
nothing in the Disclosure Document or Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your
rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum,
or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

        4.      Minn. Rule 2860.4400 prohibits us from requiring a franchisee to waive his or her
rights to a jury trial or to waive rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the
laws of Minnesota.

        5.       No Article providing for a general release as a condition to renewal or transfer will
act as a release or waiver of any liability incurred under the Minnesota Franchise Act; provided
that this part shall not ban the voluntary settlement of disputes.

      6.      The Franchise Agreement is revised to comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section
80C.17, subd. 5 with respect to limitation of claims.

         7.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

       8.     Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota Statutes Sections 80C.01 to
80C.22 are met independently without reference to this Amendment.




                                            M-1                           PLANET FITNESS®
