Table of Contents
                                                           Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



Equity method investments
The Company accounts for investments under the equity method if it holds less than 50% of the voting stock, has the ability to exercise significant influence,
and the entity is not a VIE in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. These investments are recorded initially at cost as a non-current asset on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company records its interest in the net earnings of its equity method investees along with adjustments for unrealized profits or
losses on intra-entity transactions and amortization of basis differences, within losses from equity-method investments, net of tax in the consolidated statements
of operations. Basis differences represent differences between the cost of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets of the investment and are
amortized into losses from equity method investments over the useful lives of the underlying assets that gave rise to them. Equity method goodwill is not
amortized or tested for impairment; instead the equity method investment is tested for impairment. The Company records its interest in the net earnings of its
equity method investments based on the most recently available financial statements of the investees.
The Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that may have a significant
adverse impact on the fair value of the investment. If a loss in value has occurred and is deemed to be other than temporary, an impairment loss is recorded in
the period the impairment occurs in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not record any impairment charges on any of its equity
method investments during any periods presented.

(t) Equity-based compensation
The Company has an equity-based compensation plan under which employees and directors provide services to the Company and receive equity instruments as
consideration from the Company. The compensation expense is determined based on the fair value of the award as of the grant date. Compensation expense is
recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are satisfied. For awards with graded vesting, the fair
value of each tranche is recognized over its respective vesting period. For awards with performance targets, the Company recognizes compensation expense
ratably over the required service period based on its estimate of the number of shares that will vest upon achieving the measurement criteria. The Company
accounts for forfeitures as they occur by reversing compensation cost for unvested awards when the award is forfeited. See Note 14 for further information.

(u) Business combinations
The Company accounts for business combinations using the purchase method of accounting which results in the assets acquired and liabilities assumed being
recorded at fair value.
The valuation methodologies used are based on the nature of the asset or liability. The significant assets and liabilities measured at fair value include property
and equipment, intangible assets, and favorable and unfavorable leases. For the 2012 Acquisition, intangible assets consisted of trade and brand names, member
relationships, franchisee relationships related to both the franchise and equipment segments, non-compete agreements, order backlog and favorable and
unfavorable leases. For other acquisitions, which consist of acquisitions of clubs from franchisees, intangible assets generally consist of member relationships,
re-acquired franchise rights, and favorable and unfavorable leases.
The Company uses a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of acquired assets and liabilities, including third-party valuation
experts. The fair value of trade and brand names is estimated using the relief from royalty method, an income approach to valuation, which includes projecting
future system-wide sales and other estimates. Membership relationships and franchisee relationships are valued based on an estimate of future revenues and
costs related to the respective contracts over the remaining expected lives. The Company’s valuation includes assumptions related to the projected attrition and
renewal rates on those existing franchise and membership arrangements being valued. Re-acquired franchise rights are valued using an excess earnings
approach. The valuation of re-acquired franchise rights is determined using a multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. For re-acquired
franchise rights with terms that are either favorable or unfavorable to the terms included in current franchise agreements, a gain or charge is recorded at the
time of the acquisition to the extent of the favorability or unfavorability, respectively. Favorable and unfavorable operating leases are recorded based on
differences between contractual rents under the respective lease agreements and prevailing market rents at the lease acquisition date, and are recorded as a
component of the ROU asset. Real and personal property asset valuation is determined using the replacement cost approach.
The Company considers its trade and brand name intangible assets to have an indefinite useful life, and, therefore, these assets are not amortized but rather are
tested for impairment annually as discussed above. Finite-lived intangible assets, such as re-acquired franchise rights and member relationships are subject to
amortization over the assets’ estimated useful lives based on



                                                                               76
