                               monies contributed to the NAF will be used to pay advertising costs before other
                               assets of the NAF are expended. We will prepare an annual statement of monies
                               collected and costs incurred by the NAF within one hundred twenty (120) days
                               following the close of the fiscal year and furnish the statement for the prior fiscal year
                               to you upon written request. We have the right to cause the NAF to be incorporated
                               or operated through a separate Entity at such time as we deem appropriate and such
                               successor Entity will have all of the rights and duties specified herein.

                   (6)         No Proportionality or Fiduciary Obligation. Although we will endeavor to utilize the
                               NAF to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs and to place
                               advertising that will benefit all PLANET FITNESS Businesses, we undertake no
                               obligation to ensure that expenditures by the NAF in or effecting any geographic area
                               are proportionate or equivalent to the contributions to the NAF by PLANET
                               FITNESS Businesses operating in that geographic area. Nor are we under any
                               obligation to ensure that any PLANET FITNESS Business will benefit directly or
                               in proportion to its NAF contributions paid to the NAF from the development of
                               advertising and marketing materials or the placement of advertising. Except as
                               expressly provided in this Article 10.1, we assume no direct or indirect liability or
                               obligation to you with respect to collecting amounts due to, or maintaining, directing
                               or administering the NAF. We do not act as trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity
                               with respect to the NAF.

                   (7)         Deferral, Reduction and Termination. We reserve the right to defer or reduce
                               contributions of a PLANET FITNESS Business and, upon thirty (30) days’ prior
                               written notice to you, to reduce or suspend your payment of contributions to the NAF
                               and suspend operations of the NAF for one (1) or more periods of any length and to
                               terminate (and if terminated, to reinstate) the NAF. If the NAF is terminated, all
                               unspent monies on the date of termination will be distributed to our then-current
                               franchisees in proportion to their respective contributions to the NAF during the
                               preceding three (3) month period, and amounts required to be paid pursuant to Article
                               10.1 above shall be added to amounts required to be expended pursuant to Article
                               10.2 below.

         10.2   LOCAL ADVERTISING.

                   (1)         Pre-Sale and Grand Opening Marketing. You will conduct pre-sale and grand
                               opening marketing for the BUSINESS.

                         (a)      You will collaborate with us to develop a plan for your pre-sale marketing (the
                                  “Pre-Sale Marketing Plan”) and for your grand opening marketing (the “Grand
                                  Opening Marketing Plan” and together with the Pre-Sale Marketing Plan, the
                                  “Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Plans”). The Pre-Sale/Grand Opening
                                  Marketing Plans shall each contain the Marketing Plan Items. You shall submit to
                                  us for approval a draft of the (a) Pre-Sale Marketing Plan no less than forty-five
                                  (45) days before you commence your Pre-Sale, and (b) Grand Opening Marketing
                                  Plan no less than forty-five (45) days before your intended Business
                                  Commencement Date. Our approval of the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing
                                  Plans shall be based on their compliance with our Methods of Operation and shall
                                  not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. We will either approve or
                                  disapprove the applicable Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Plans within
                                  fourteen (14) days of submission of such plan to us, and, in the case of our
                                  disapproval, we will provide feedback on the plan submitted. If there is a material
                                  delay in the commencement of BUSINESS operations, the Pre-Sale/Grand
                                  Opening Marketing Plans must, upon our request, be resubmitted for our re-
                                  approval.




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 36                          PLANET FITNESS®
