                social networking or media sites or tools, except in accordance with the related standards and
                restrictions we specify from time to time in the Operations Manual. For any of your social media
                accounts (whether authorized or not) that utilize or promote the Marks or System, you shall, upon
                our request, either remove all references to the Marks and/or System or provide us with access to
                such social media accounts. Your electronic communications with customers must comply with the
                standards and restrictions we reasonably specify from time to time in the Operations Manual and
                with applicable law. You may not create, license or purchase digital fitness classes, content,
                instruction or advice using the Marks or otherwise without our prior written approval. You
                acknowledge that certain information obtained through your participation in the PLANET
                FITNESS Internet websites and mobile applications may be considered Confidential Information,
                including access codes and identification codes. Your right to participate in the PLANET FITNESS
                Internet websites, intranet system, mobile applications or other PLANET FITNESS computer
                systems or otherwise use the Marks or System on the Internet terminates when this Agreement
                terminates or expires, without your acquisition of a successor franchise.

         10.6   STANDARDS FOR ADVERTISING, MARKETING AND PROMOTION. You agree that any
                advertising, promotion and marketing you conduct will be (a) clear and factually accurate, (b) not
                misleading and (c) in compliance with the highest standards of ethical marketing, the marketing
                policies we prescribe from time to time and applicable law. We make no representation that the
                advertising materials provided by us or the NAF comply with the law of your jurisdiction. Neither
                you, nor any of your Owners, may present themselves or authorize anyone to speak on their behalf
                as a representative of the PLANET FITNESS brand without our prior written approval. You shall
                comply with our then-current policies related to your use of the Marks in connection with media,
                public relations and government relations activities. You may not post any on premises signage or
                use the Marks in connection with advertising, promoting, opposing, protesting or otherwise
                addressing social, political or religious messages, candidates or organizations, except for positive
                social messages and charitable organizations that we have pre-approved as aligned with the mission
                of the PLANET FITNESS brand. If, in our discretion, we determine that any promotional or
                marketing plan, campaign or materials you are using are objectionable or inconsistent with our
                Methods of Operation or the PLANET FITNESS brand, you must, upon our request, promptly
                discontinue use of the promotional or marketing plans, campaigns and/or materials.

         10.7   NATIONAL OFFERS AND CAMPAIGNS. Subject to applicable law, you must participate in all
                required national campaigns and promotional offers we designate from time to time, which may
                require you, among other things, to waive or reduce enrollment fees, or offer lower prices for
                memberships or other products and services. You also may be required to participate in a campaign
                or promotional offer that requires your donation to a charity, provided that 1) the PLANET
                FITNESS Businesses owned by our Affiliates and by us also participate in such campaign or offer
                and 2) your required donations are limited to member enrollment (or then-equivalent) fees, or a
                portion thereof. During national promotional offers or national campaigns with paid search support,
                you may not purchase competing search terms.

11.      RECORDS, REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

         11.1   RECORDS. You agree to establish and maintain at your own expense a bookkeeping, accounting
                and record keeping system conforming to the requirements and formats we prescribe from time to
                time. You agree to prepare and to maintain during the Term of this Agreement and for three (3)
                years thereafter complete and accurate books, records (including invoices and records relating to
                your advertising expenditures) and accounts (using our then-current standard chart of accounts) for
                your BUSINESS, copies of your sales tax returns and such portions of your state and federal income
                tax returns as relate to your BUSINESS. During the Term, all such books and records shall be kept
                at your principal address, unless we otherwise approve. You must record all sales on the POS
                systems and/or billing systems we designate. You must provide such assistance as may be required
                to connect your computer system and technology with our network. We have the right, without prior
                notice to you, to retrieve such data and information from your computer system as we deem




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 43                       PLANET FITNESS®
