2.       Grant of Development Rights.

                            2.1      We grant you, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the right and
license to establish and operate for your own account or for an affiliated entity (which is at least 51% owned by your
Ownership Group, as provided in Article 8 below), a specified number of PLANET FITNESS Businesses in
compliance with our standards, subject to execution of the applicable Franchise Agreements (as defined below) for
those PLANET FITNESS Businesses. This personal license granted to you is limited to the right to open and operate
the PLANET FITNESS Businesses at locations only within the Development Area and may not be used elsewhere
or in any other manner. You have no right to sublicense any of the rights granted to you herein. You must open and
maintain in continuous operation in the Development Area, pursuant to Franchise Agreements, the total number of
PLANET FITNESS Businesses set forth below, at the times and in accordance with the following schedule (the
“Development Schedule”):

             Cumulative Total Number of PLANET FITNESS                         Development Due Date
                     Businesses Open and Operating




You must also meet the following interim milestones (collectively, “Development Milestones”) for each development
obligation listed above.

         At least four (4) months prior to the date the PLANET FITNESS Business must be open and operating, you
         have leased, subleased or purchased an approved location for the development of the PLANET FITNESS
         Business; and

         At least three (3) months prior to the date the PLANET FITNESS Business must be open and operating,
         you have commenced construction of the PLANET FITNESS Business.

In addition to the above Development Schedule and Development Milestones, you agree that for the period beginning
on the Effective Date and ending upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, you must open at least one (1)
new PLANET FITNESS Business in any seven hundred and thirty (730) day period and that failure to do so will
constitute a Development Default as defined below.

[AS APPLICABLE: The following PLANET FITNESS Businesses currently owned and operated by you or your
affiliates as of the Effective Date (“Existing Businesses”) shall count toward your obligation to open and operate
PLANET FITNESS Businesses as set forth in the Development Schedule, but only for so long as each PLANET
FITNESS Business is open and operating: ]

               Franchisee Entity                               Club Address                             Open Date
  1.                                                                                                   mm/dd/yyyy
  2.
 Etc.

You represent that you conducted your own independent investigation and analysis of the prospects for the
establishment of PLANET FITNESS Businesses within the Development Area, agree with and approve the
Development Schedule and Development Milestones as being reasonable and viable, and recognize that failure to
satisfy any of the development obligations in the Development Schedule, including the failure to satisfy any of the
Development Milestones will constitute a material breach of this Agreement.

                             2.2    During the term of this Agreement, subject to Article 9.5.2, and provided that you
                     are in compliance with the Development Schedule and the Development Milestones set forth




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 3                          PLANET FITNESS®
