                                 AMENDMENT TO
                                PLANET FITNESS®
                      AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT FOR THE
                              STATE OF MINNESOTA

      Notwithstanding anything which may be contained in the body of the Area Development
Agreement to the contrary, the Area Development Agreement is amended as follows:

        1.      With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, Franchisor will comply with
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subd. 3-5, which require (except in certain specified cases)
(a) that Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure); and (b) that
consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.

       2.      No release language set forth in the Area Development Agreement will relieve
Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly from liability imposed by the laws concerning
franchising of the State of Minnesota, provided that this paragraph will not be for the voluntary
settlement of disputes.

         3.     Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the
franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition,
nothing in the Disclosure Document or Area Development Agreement can abrogate or reduce any
of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure,
forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

       4.     The Area Development Agreement is revised to comply with Minnesota Statutes,
Section 80C.17, subd. 5 with respect to limitation of claims.

        5.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller,
or other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

       6.     Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent, with respect to
such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota Statutes Sections 80C.01 to
80C.22 are met independently without reference to this Amendment.

       7.      Except as amended herein, the Area Development Agreement will be construed
and enforced according to its terms.




                                           M-1                          PLANET FITNESS®
