                                                APPENDIX E
                                         TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                                               LEASE PROVISIONS
1.   Landlord shall concurrently deliver to Planet Fitness Franchising LLC (“Franchisor”) a copy of any notice of
     breach or termination of the Lease delivered to Tenant (referred to herein as “Franchisee”). Such copy shall be
     sent to Planet Fitness Franchising LLC, 4 Liberty Lane West, Floor 2, Hampton, New Hampshire 03842, Attn:
     General Counsel, or such other address as Franchisor may specify by written notice to Landlord.
2.   Franchisor shall have the right, but not the obligation, upon written notice to Franchisee and Landlord, to cure
     any breach of the Lease within ten (10) business days after the expiration of the Franchisee’s cure period for such
     breach and, if stated in the notice, to assume Franchisee’s rights, title and interests thereunder.
3.   Franchisee hereby assigns to Franchisor, with Landlord’s irrevocable and unconditional consent, all of
     Franchisee’s rights, title and interest to and under the Lease upon any termination, non-renewal or acquisition of
     the Franchise Agreement, but no such assignment shall be effective unless: (a) Franchisor notifies the Franchisee
     and Landlord in writing that Franchisor assumes Franchisee’s obligations under the Lease; (b) Franchisor cures
     any outstanding curable breach under the Lease within ten (10) business days after the expiration of the
     Franchisee’s cure period, and (c) Franchisor executes an assignment and assumption agreement reasonably
     acceptable to Landlord assuming the Lease.
4.   Franchisor shall have no liability or obligation whatsoever under the Lease unless and until Franchisor assumes
     the Lease in writing pursuant to paragraph 2 or 3 above. Franchisor will be responsible for the lease obligations
     incurred after the effective date of the assumption. In the event Franchisor elects to assume the Lease, (i)
     Franchisee will remain liable for the responsibilities and obligations, including amounts owed to Landlord, prior
     to the date of assignment and assumption, and (ii) Franchisor will have the right to sublease the leased premises,
     without regard to any restriction on subleasing contained in the Lease, to another franchisee or an affiliate that
     agrees to operate the leased premises as a PLANET FITNESS business and meets Landlord’s commercially
     reasonable financial qualifications.
5.   Franchisor and its employees or agents shall have the right to enter the leased premises for certain purposes set
     forth in the Franchise Agreement, including, without limitation, to remove signs, decor and materials displaying
     trademarks, designs or logos owned by Franchisor in the event of expiration (without renewal) of the Franchise
     Agreement or the Lease. Landlord consents to and shall not interfere with or prevent such entry. Franchisor shall
     bear the expense of repairing any damage to the leased premises as a result thereof.
6.   Subject to applicable law, Landlord agrees to allow Franchisee to conduct a physical presale at or near the leased
     premises after the Landlord delivers possession of the leased premises to Franchisee and prior to the opening for
     business.
7.   Landlord agrees to allow Franchisee to use ultraviolet tanning devices, massage chairs and similar devices,
     operate twenty-four (24) hours per day and seven (7) days per week and serve food and beverages to its members.
8.   Landlord waives any radius restriction or other limitation in the Lease that would prevent the operation of a
     PLANET FITNESS business in the proximity of the leased premises.
9.   Landlord acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Franchisor is a third-party beneficiary of this Addendum; and (b)
     Franchisor is at all times entitled to enforce, in its own name, the provisions of this Addendum. Each of Landlord
     and Franchisee hereby waives any objection or challenge to Franchisor's right to enforce the provisions of this
     Addendum.
10. References to the Lease and the Franchise Agreement include all amendments, addenda, extensions and renewals
    to such documents. In the event the terms of the Lease conflict with the terms of this Addendum, this Addendum
    shall control. No subsequent amendment, renewal, assignment or modification to the Lease shall adversely affect
    Franchisor’s rights hereunder, shorten the term of Lease to expire prior to the Franchise Agreement or provide
    the Landlord with the right to terminate the lease prior to the expiration of its term for convenience, absent
    Franchisor’s prior written consent.
11. References to the Landlord, Franchisee and Franchisor include their successors and assigns. In the case of
    Franchisor, such assigns may include any affiliate operating corporately owned PLANET FITNESS locations in




FDD - 2025                            PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - Appendix E-1                  PLANET FITNESS®
