                     You must start remodeling or construction of your BUSINESS if applicable, within the
                     time frame set forth in Appendix H. You must engage a general contractor acceptable to
                     us. You must procure all applicable construction insurance in amounts and coverage
                     acceptable to us. Prior to starting construction, you must provide us with a final
                     construction schedule, with a reasonable level of detail, from your general contractor. You
                     must complete remodeling or construction of your BUSINESS if applicable, within the
                     time frame set forth in Appendix H; provided, however, that if you demonstrate to us that
                     you are working in good faith and earnestly toward this end, we may grant you an
                     extension beyond the applicable timeframe described above.

              d.   In Article 4.7 of the Franchise Agreement, with the heading “Business Commencement,”
                   subsection (1) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                     (1)      you have completed any preopening development, remodeling, and/or re-
                              equipping requirements set forth in Appendix H in accordance with our
                              specifications and standards;

        4.   PLANET FITNESS METHODS OF OPERATION.

              a.   In Article 9.2 of the Franchise Agreement under the heading “Modification of Methods of
                   Operation,” the second sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
                   following:

                     Any such modifications may obligate you to invest additional capital in the BUSINESS in
                     addition to any requirements set forth in Appendix H hereto (“Capital Modifications”),
                     and/or incur higher operating costs; provided, however, that such modifications will not
                     alter your fundamental status and rights under this Agreement.

              b.   In Article 9.3(2) of the Franchise Agreement under the subheading “Re-equipment,” the
                   following language is inserted at the end of the paragraph:

                     The requirements listed in Appendix H apply in addition to requirements above.

              c.   In Article 9.3(3) of the Franchise Agreement under the subheading “Remodeling,” the first
                   sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                     Remodeling. You must periodically upgrade and/or remodel your BUSINESS premises, as
                     we may reasonably require, pursuant to our plans and specifications (which may include
                     the placement of additional cardio, fitness and amenity equipment), provided, however,
                     that with the exception of signage, we will not require substantial remodeling or upgrades
                     more often than every twelve (12) years except as otherwise set forth in Appendix H.

        5.   MARKETING.

              a.   In Article 10.2(1) of the Franchise Agreement with the subheading “Pre-Sale/Grand
                   Opening Marketing,” the first sentence of subsection (b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and
                   replaced with the following:

                       The pre-sale/grand opening marketing period begins on the Effective Date and it may
                       last as long as one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter (“Pre-Sale/Grand Opening
                       Marketing Period”), unless otherwise approved by us in writing.

              b.   In Article 10.3 of the Franchise Agreement under the heading “Advertising Cooperatives,”
                   the third sentence is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:




FDD – 2025                                        CA - 2                                      PLANET FITNESS®
