                     of Article 17.1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you agree to remain personally
                     liable under this Agreement as if the Transfer to such entity had not occurred.

                               17.3 Transfer Upon your Death or Disability. Upon your death or permanent disability
                     or, if you are a corporation, business trust, limited liability company, partnership or other legal
                     entity, the death or permanent disability of the Owner of a controlling interest in you, you or
                     your or such Owner’s executor, administrator, conservator, guardian or other personal
                     representative must Transfer your interest in this Agreement or such Owner’s interest in you to
                     a third party. Such disposition of this Agreement or the interest in you (including, without
                     limitation, Transfer by bequest or inheritance) must be completed within a reasonable time, not
                     to exceed six (6) months from the date of death (or if later, such date that such Transfer may be
                     legally completed) or permanent disability, and will be subject to all of the terms and conditions
                     applicable to Transfers contained in this Article 17. A failure to Transfer your interest in this
                     Agreement or the ownership interest in you within this period of time constitutes a breach of this
                     Agreement. For purposes hereof, the term “permanent disability” means a mental or physical
                     disability, impairment or condition that is reasonably expected to prevent or actually does
                     prevent you or an Owner of a controlling interest in you from managing and operating the
                     business operated hereunder for a period of at least three (3) months from the onset of such
                     disability, impairment or condition.

                              17.4 Bona Fide Offers. If you (or any of your Owners) at any time determine to
                     Transfer for consideration an interest in this Agreement, the assets of the business operated
                     hereunder or an ownership interest in you, you (or such Owner) shall:

              17.4.1 disclose to us any broker that you retain for the purpose of marketing your PLANET
FITNESS Business for sale;

                  17.4.2 provide us with such additional information that we may reasonably request from time to
time, including, but not limited to, a draft of the offering materials you intend to circulate and a list of offerors or
prospective purchasers;

                   17.4.3 if there is an offer you are willing to accept, obtain a bona fide, executed written offer
which includes details of the payment terms of the proposed sale (an “Offer”) and a complete franchise application
from a fully disclosed offeror including lists of the owners of record and beneficial owners of any corporate, trust or
limited liability company offeror and/or all general and limited partners of any partnership. To be a valid Offer, the
proposed purchase price must be denominated in a dollar amount. The Offer must not include an offer to purchase any
of your (or your Owners’) other property or rights other than your (or their) PLANET FITNESS Businesses. If the
Offer also applies to additional PLANET FITNESS Businesses and/or PLANET FITNESS area development
agreements you or your Affiliates own, you must obtain a separate proposed purchase price for each PLANET
FITNESS Business and/or each development agreement included in the Offer, which reflects a reasonable allocation
of the aggregate proposed purchase price across all such PLANET FITNESS Businesses and development
agreements. If the offeror proposes to buy any other property or rights from you (or your Owners) under a separate,
contemporaneous offer, such separate, contemporaneous offer must be disclosed to us, and the price and terms of
purchase offered to you (or your Owners) for the interest in you or in this Agreement and the business operated
hereunder must reflect the bona fide price offered therefor and not reflect any value for any other property or rights.
For the avoidance of doubt, a fully executed non-binding letter of intent or term sheet that otherwise satisfies the
requirements of this Article 17.4.3 will be considered an Offer; and

                  17.4.4 promptly submit to us a true and complete copy of the Offer, along with such other
information about the PLANET FITNESS Businesses or the proposed Transfer as we may reasonably request,
including, for example, copies of the diligence materials provided to the proposed transferee, financial information
and/or projections related to the PLANET FITNESS Businesses or the proposed transferee (the “Sale Materials”).
You shall deliver the Sale Materials to us by such means as we may reasonably specify. A “Business Day” means a
day on which the banks are open for business, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, in New York, New
York.




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 22                          PLANET FITNESS®
