               c.   In Article 4.4(2) of the Successor Agreement under the subheading “Construction,” the first
                    five sentences are hereby deleted in their entirety, and replaced with the following:

                      You must start remodeling or construction of your BUSINESS if applicable, within the
                      time frame set forth in Appendix H. You must engage a general contractor acceptable to
                      us. You must procure all applicable construction insurance in amounts and coverage
                      acceptable to us. You must complete remodeling or construction of your BUSINESS if
                      applicable, within the time frame set forth in Appendix H; provided, however, that if you
                      demonstrate to us that you are working in good faith and earnestly toward this end, we may
                      grant you an extension beyond the applicable timeframe described above.

               d.   In Article 4.5 of the Successor Agreement with the heading “Fixtures, Furnishings,
                    Equipment and Signs,” the first sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with
                    the following:

                      Prior to your commencement of operations under the Initial Franchise Agreement, we
                      provided you with lists of the start-up inventory, furniture, fixtures, software, equipment
                      and supplies that we required you to obtain prior to commencing operations under the
                      Initial Franchise Agreement.

               e.   Article 4.6 of the Successor Agreement, with the heading “Membership Pre-Sale,” is hereby
                    deleted in its entirety.

               f.   Article 4.7 of the Successor Agreement with the heading “Business Commencement,” is
                    deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                      4.7      CONTINUANCE OF OPERATIONS. You shall continue BUSINESS
                               operations after the execution of this Agreement, provided that:

                               (1)      we approve the BUSINESS as developed, remodeled, and/or reequipped
                                        in accordance with our specifications and standards and Appendix H;

                               (2)      refresher training has been completed by you, your Responsible Owner,
                                        your Approved Operator, and/or your employees to our satisfaction as
                                        provided in Article 6.2;

                               (3)      you have given us a copy of your Lease for the Location;

                               (4)      the Successor Franchise Fee and all other amounts then due to us have
                                        been paid;

                               (5)      we have been furnished with copies of all insurance policies required by
                                        this Agreement, or such other evidence of insurance coverage and
                                        payment of premiums as we request or accept; and

                               (6)      you have obtained all required permits, licenses and certifications for
                                        operating the BUSINESS, and the Location is in compliance with all
                                        laws, rules and regulations.

               g.   Article 4.8 of the Successor Agreement, with the heading “Business Commencement
                    Deadline,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

               h.   Article 4.9 of the Successor Agreement with the heading “Opening Assistance,” is hereby
                    deleted in its entirety.

        5.   FEES. Article 5.1 of the Successor Agreement with the heading “Initial Franchise Fee,” is deleted
             in its entirety and replaced with the following:




FDD – 2025                           PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName SA - 2                       PLANET FITNESS®
