recognized franchisee association (or the appropriate subcommittee thereof) and seek their input
in advance if we are offered a NAF Contribution.

        When we collect Vendor Revenue, most of these payments are calculated as an amount
based on products sold. We will retain and use such payments as we deem appropriate or as
required by the vendor. You can expect items purchased or leased in accordance with our
specifications will represent approximately 97% of total purchases you will make to begin
operations of the business and an estimated 11% to 40% of the ongoing costs to operate the
business. We are not aware of any purchasing or distribution cooperatives in the PLANET
FITNESS system at this time.

        In the year ended December 31, 2024, our affiliate, PF Equipment, had gross revenue from
health club equipment purchased or leased by franchise locations, and from providing equipment
placement and assembly services in connection with such equipment, of approximately
$255,000,000, plus a volume-based rebate based on franchisee equipment purchases of
approximately $12,600,000. In the year ended December 31, 2024, we derived approximately
$150,000 in commission gross income based on franchise purchases from other approved
suppliers, which was approximately 1% of our total 2024 revenue of $350,100,000. In the year
ended December 31, 2024, our affiliate Assetco received discounts from PF Equipment with a
value of approximately $9,600,000. This information is taken from our and our affiliates’ internal
accounting statements. These amounts exclude amounts paid from international franchisees and
company-owned locations.

        If you fail to make any payment when due to a designated supplier, or if we (in our
reasonable discretion) determine that it is the most efficient method to remit payment to any
supplier, we may act as a pass through by collecting payments (past due, current and future) for
the specific product or service and remitting those payments to the supplier, who ultimately
provides the product or the service to you. If we act in this pass-through capacity, we will collect
your vendor payment on the day(s) assigned as your Monthly Membership Billing Days, as defined
in the Franchise Agreement (or as we otherwise designate in writing) and remit the payment to the
supplier as arranged. Products and services for which we may act as a pass through may include
equipment, fixtures, goods, merchandise, inventory, marketing campaigns or materials, lending
services, computer hardware and software, supplies, uniforms and other categories of products and
services that you may purchase from designated suppliers. Although we do not currently do so,
we and our affiliates may receive commissions or other consideration for acting as a pass through
between you and any supplier.

        One of our officers owns an interest in a software company that provides amenity tracking
compliance software services to certain PLANET FITNESS businesses. Some of our officers own
an indirect ownership interest in PF Equipment, the approved supplier of fitness equipment in the
U.S. Otherwise, none of our officers own an interest in any supplier.

Insurance

        You must procure and maintain in force from an insurance company with an “A-” or better
rating by AM Best and a Financial Size Rating of “VIII” or better: (a) commercial general liability
insurance (without tanning exclusion); (b) Special Form property insurance, including fire and

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                32
