              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


notice period. The Co-op will maintain a listing of the mailing address and email account for
each Member and will update such listing upon notice from any Member or Franchisor.

        D.     Quorum and Majority Vote. The presence of both (i) a majority of all Members
in Good Standing and (ii) a majority of all Ownership Groups in Good Standing, shall constitute
a quorum. If there is not a quorum, the vote on such matter shall be adjourned until such time as
a quorum is convened. A Majority Vote shall be sufficient to approve the subject up for vote,
unless these Bylaws require a different voting threshold.

        E.     Voting. Only Members in Good Standing and Ownership Groups in Good
Standing shall be permitted to vote. Votes may be made and tabulated in any manner reasonable
under the circumstances. The Manager will promptly document and distribute the result of all
votes to all Members and Franchisor.

       F.     Franchisor Designated Representative. Franchisor may have one or more
designated marketing representatives attend Co-op meetings, and participate in Co-op
committees and advisory councils, regardless of whether Franchisor or its affiliates own any
Members of the Co-op.

       G.      Election of Manager. The Manager may be elected or replaced by Majority
Vote, with the approval of Franchisor. Franchisor may also require the replacement of the
Manager if the Manager is not affiliated with an Ownership Group in Good Standing and call a
Special Meeting to select their replacement.

Section VI -- Marketing Plan; Approval and Use of Advertising

       A.     Marketing Agency. The Co-op shall engage an Approved Marketing Agency to
provide marketing services to the Co-op. The Approved Marketing Agency shall be approved by
Majority Vote. The Co-op may procure a dedicated headcount from the Approved Marketing
Agency to manage the Co-op’s marketing activities.

         B.     Marketing Plan. The Manager, with the assistance of an Approved Marketing
Agency and in consultation with Franchisor, shall develop a Marketing Plan that governs Co-op
expenditures and details goals and objectives for each calendar year (or portion of a calendar
year) in accordance with Franchisor’s standards and procedures. The Manager shall provide a
draft Marketing Plan to Franchisor, in the format specified by Franchisor, for its review not less
than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning of the applicable calendar year. The Marketing Plan
is subject to Franchisor’s prior approval, which Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold or
condition. Once Franchisor has approved the Marketing Plan, the Manager shall submit the
Marketing Plan to the Members for a vote. Members shall have at least two (2) days to consider
a proposed Marketing Plan prior to voting on such plan. If a proposed Marketing Plan is not
approved by a Majority Vote, or as otherwise required in these Bylaws, the Manager shall revise
and submit a revised Marketing Plan that will take into consideration, as the Manager deems
appropriate in the Manager’s reasonable business judgment, Members’ comments and
suggestions. Unless a vote on a revised Marketing Plan is presented at the same meeting where
the initial Marketing Plan was rejected, Members shall have at least two (2) days to consider any
revised Marketing Plan prior to the Members voting on such plan. Members may approve, by


                                                 5
