                              FITNESS businesses in the United States) without our prior written approval. You
                              shall comply with this Article 9.14 with respect to all Personal Data.

         9.15   TECHNOLOGY.

                     (1)      Technology Infrastructure. You must have Internet access and an e-mail address. In
                              addition to the requirements in Articles 4.5 and 4.6, you agree to purchase or lease,
                              at your expense, such computer hardware, software, POS systems, billing systems,
                              related accessories, network accessories, peripheral equipment, and services as we
                              may specify for the purpose of, among other functions, recording financial and
                              customer data, communicating with us, and operating the BUSINESS. You agree, at
                              your expense, to establish the information technology infrastructure and processes
                              that we require, regarding, without limitation, your computer systems, payment
                              systems, customer systems, internal and external networks, back-up systems, mobile
                              devices, and any other network access points. You agree, at your expense, to
                              purchase such installation and support services as we may reasonably require, to keep
                              all equipment, systems, and devices in good maintenance and repair, and to promptly
                              update or install such additions, changes, modifications, substitutions or
                              replacements as we direct. You agree that you will comply strictly with our standards
                              and specifications for all equipment and processes associated with your computer
                              systems and technology. You shall comply with our reasonable polices with respect
                              to the use or download of software or SaaS/PaaS solutions in connection with the
                              BUSINESS.

                     (2)      New Initiatives and Standards. You acknowledge and agree that changes to
                              technology are dynamic and not predictable within the Term of this Agreement. In
                              order to provide for inevitable but unpredictable changes to technological needs and
                              opportunities, and to protect against new and emerging technological risks, you and
                              we agree that we shall have the right to establish, through our Operations Manual,
                              reasonable new standards and initiatives for the implementation of technology in the
                              System; and you agree that you shall abide by those reasonable new standards
                              established by us, at your expense. You may be required to invest in and implement
                              new technology initiatives at your own expense including, but not limited to,
                              membership offerings, acceptance of new forms of payment, monitors, music,
                              Internet TV broadcast, delivery of digital content related to the BUSINESS, software
                              management applications, surveillance system, e-learning, and software applications
                              designed to better manage business functions and control costs. We may designate
                              the supplier you use for any goods and services associated with these and other
                              initiatives. You further acknowledge and agree that such new standards and
                              initiatives may require an investment in, without limitation, new hardware, software,
                              training, procedures, vendors, and/or services. We will consult, in an advisory
                              capacity, with the recognized franchisee association (or the appropriate
                              subcommittee thereof) on issues related to new technology standards or initiatives
                              that would require substantial capital expenditures by you.

                     (3)      Uniform Applicability. We agree that the requirements in this Article 9.15 and the
                              standards and specifications referenced hereunder also are applicable to the
                              PLANET FITNESS Businesses owned by our Affiliates and by us.

         9.16   DESIGNATED FRANCHISE PORTAL. You agree to actively use and monitor our then current
                Designated Franchise Portal in connection with the development and operation of your BUSINESS.
                You shall be deemed to be “actively using and monitoring” the Designated Franchise Portal if you,
                or any of your Owners, Responsible Owners, Approved Operators, and/or managers log in to the
                Designated Franchise Portal at least once per week.




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 33                      PLANET FITNESS®
