                                    ADDENDUM TO
                                  PLANET FITNESS®
                            DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR THE
                               STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA

        The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to North Dakota statutes and
regulations. Item numbers correspond to those in the main body:

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

THE NORTH DAKOTA SECURITIES COMMISSIONER HAS HELD THE
FOLLOWING TO BE UNFAIR, UNJUST OR INEQUITABLE TO NORTH DAKOTA
FRANCHISEES (NDCC SECTION 51-19-09):

A.     Restrictive Covenants: Franchise disclosure documents that disclose the existence of
       covenants restricting competition contrary to NDCC Section 9-08-06, without further
       disclosing that such covenants will be subject to the statute.

B.     Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties must
       agree to the arbitration of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the
       franchisee’s business.

C.     Restrictions on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction
       of courts outside of North Dakota.

D.     Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota franchisees
       to consent to liquidated damages or termination penalties.

E.     Applicable Laws: Franchise Agreements that specify that they are to be governed by the
       laws of a state other than North Dakota.

F.     Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota Franchises to consent to the waiver of
       a trial by jury.

G.     Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota Franchisees to
       consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damage.

H.     General Release: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to sign a general
       release upon renewal of the franchise agreement.

I.     Limitation of Claims: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to consent to a
       limitation of claims. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies.



                                           M-1                          PLANET FITNESS®
