                    to us, you must fully cooperate with the efforts we undertake to cause such Owner, Approved
                    Operator or Franchisee Executive to cease and desist from such violation and to seek such other
                    remedies as may be available. Such cooperation may include, but shall not be limited to,
                    providing documents and information and, when reasonably appropriate to do so, (if the breach
                    is also a violation of a reasonably enforceable obligation such person owes to you, for example)
                    commencing and/or joining litigation. “Franchisee Executive” means each officer, director or
                    executive-level employee (who is not an Owner) of you or your affiliates with access to
                    Confidential Information and a material role in the development or operation of PLANET
                    FITNESS Businesses in the Development Area.

                              14.4 Application to Securities and Leasing. The restrictions in Articles 14.1 and 14.2
                    do not apply to (a) the ownership of shares of a class of securities that are listed on a public stock
                    exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market and that represent less than five percent (5%)
                    of that class of securities or (b) the lease or sublease of space by one of your Owners, with our
                    approval (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), to a Competitive Business.

                              14.5 Reasonable Scope of Covenants. You acknowledge that the scope of the
                    restrictions in Articles 14.1 and 14.2 are reasonable and necessary to protect us, the Confidential
                    Information, and the System, and that such restrictions are designed solely to prevent you from
                    taking information, materials, training, and know-how that we provided to you and using them
                    to compete with us. In addition, your violation of Article 14.1 or 14.2 would necessarily involve
                    your use of Confidential Information that would result in an unfair competitive advantage vis-à-
                    vis other PLANET FITNESS franchisees. You acknowledge that such restrictions benefit
                    PLANET FITNESS franchisees. You further acknowledge that you, your Owners and your
                    Approved Operator possess skills and abilities of a general nature and have other opportunities
                    for exploiting these skills. Consequently, our enforcement of the covenant in Article 14.2 will
                    not deprive you, your Owners or your Approved Operator of personal goodwill or the ability to
                    engage in a lawful trade or business and earn a living.

                             14.6 Reduction of Scope of Covenants. You understand and acknowledge that we shall
                    have the right, in our business judgment, to reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in Articles
                    14.1 and 14.2, or any portion thereof, without your consent, effective immediately upon receipt
                    by you of written notice thereof; and you agree that you shall comply forthwith with any
                    covenant as so modified, which shall be fully enforceable.

                              14.7 Covenant Not to Compete upon Exercise of Right of First Refusal. If we exercise
                    our right of first refusal pursuant to Article 17.5 below, for a period of two (2) years commencing
                    on the date of the closing, you and your selling Owner(s) will be bound by the noncompetition
                    covenant contained in Article 14.2 hereof. In addition, we reserve the right to require you and
                    your selling Owner(s) to agree that, for a period of five (5) years commencing on the date of the
                    closing, you and they will be bound by the noncompetition covenant contained in Article 14.2
                    hereof but which shall be limited to a geographic area that extends no more than fifteen (15)
                    miles from any PLANET FITNESS Business, or rights to develop PLANET FITNESS
                    Businesses, you or they are selling to us in such transaction.

                             14.8 Confidentiality.

                  14.8.1 We possess (and will continue to develop and acquire), and may disclose to you, certain
confidential information (the “Confidential Information”) relating to the development and operation of PLANET
FITNESS Businesses, which may include (without limitation):

                         14.8.1.1. location selection criteria, location analytics, and plans and specifications for
                                   the development of PLANET FITNESS Businesses;

                         14.8.1.2. methods, formats, specifications, standards, systems, procedures, the System,
                                   the Operations Manual (defined below), any other proprietary materials, and




FDD - 2025                                   #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 15                            PLANET FITNESS®
