                 Owners further represent that they have had the opportunity to consult with an attorney of their own
                 choice, that they have read the terms of this Release, and they fully understand and voluntarily
                 accept the terms.

        5.       Governing Law and Choice of Forum. This Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of
                 New Hampshire, without reference to its conflicts of laws provisions. Franchisees, Area Developers
                 and Owners: (a) agree that any legal proceeding relating to this Release or the enforcement of any
                 provision of this Release shall be brought or otherwise commenced only in the State or Federal
                 courts of the State of New Hampshire, (b) irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and
                 waive any objection they may have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in such courts, and (c)
                 WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL OF ANY ISSUE BY JURY.

        6.       Counterparts. This Release may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
                 deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall be deemed to be one and the same
                 instrument. Counterparts may be transmitted by facsimile, email, or other electronic means.

         The general release set forth in Section 1 above shall not apply to any claims arising under the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the rules adopted thereunder. California Corporations Code
Section 31512 voids a waiver of rights under the California Franchise Investment Law. California Corporations Code
Section 20010 voids a waiver of rights under the California Franchise Relations Act. To the extent required by such
laws, the general release set forth in Section 1 above shall not apply to any claims arising under these laws.



                          [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signatures to follow]




                                         GroupName (GXXXX) - General Release
                                                     Page 3 of 4
