businesses located outside of areas where we have issued development rights, we shall be deemed the applicable
developer with respect to those locations.

                    2.2.6    If we, in our reasonable discretion, believe that the exercise of our rights under Articles
2.2.1., 2.2.2, 2.2.4, and 2.2.5, will impair your ability to meet your Development Schedule, we agree to discuss with
you whether an amendment to your Development Schedule and/or Development Area is appropriate. The relocation,
development and conversion of PLANET FITNESS Businesses pursuant to Articles 2.2.1, 2.2.2, 2.2.4 and 2.2.5 will
be subject to the criteria of our then-current applicable site and impact review process.

                               2.3 You represent to us that (i) your entry into this Agreement does not breach any
                     agreement or other legal obligation of you or any of your Owners, and (ii) you are not acquiring
                     development rights hereunder solely for purposes of re-sale or arbitrage. You understand that
                     the rights to develop PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the Development Area are granted
                     specifically to you, based on your unique qualifications, and are only transferable as set forth
                     herein. If you are, or at any time become a corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
                     or any other type of legal entity, you represent and warrant, that: (i) you are duly organized and
                     validly existing under the laws of the state of your organization, and you are duly qualified to
                     transact business in the Development Area; (ii) you have the authority to execute and deliver this
                     Agreement and to perform your obligations hereunder; and (iii) all persons executing this
                     Agreement on behalf of you and your affiliates are duly authorized to do so.

3.       Term. Except as otherwise provided under Articles 9 and 15 hereof, the term of this Agreement and all rights
         granted hereunder will expire on the earlier of: (a) the last date specified in the Development Schedule above,
         extended by any cure periods applicable to a Development Default (described below); or (b) the date when
         you or your affiliates have open and in operation all of the PLANET FITNESS Businesses required by the
         Development Schedule pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

4.       Initial Services and Ongoing Obligations. You acknowledge and agree that our initial services under this
         Agreement are limited solely to identifying the Development Area and Development Schedule and that we
         have no ongoing obligations such as providing training or operational assistance to you under this Agreement.
         All ongoing and further obligations to you in opening your locations shall be provided pursuant to the
         applicable Franchise Agreement.

5.       Our Reservation of Rights. We and our affiliates retain all of our rights with respect to the Marks, the System
         and PLANET FITNESS Businesses anywhere in the world, and the right to engage in any business
         whatsoever, except as provided in Articles 2 and 15 of this Agreement, or otherwise expressly limited herein.
         These rights include, without limitation, the rights to:

                               5.1 operate, and grant to others the right to operate, PLANET FITNESS Businesses
                     at such locations and on such terms as we deem appropriate outside of the Development Area;

                               5.2 offer to sell, sell and distribute, inside and outside the Development Area, any
                     products or services associated with the System (now or in the future) or identified by the Marks,
                     or any other trademarks, service marks or trade names, through any distribution channels or
                     methods, without compensation to any franchisees or area developers including you. These
                     distribution channels or methods include, without limitation, retail stores, wholesale and the
                     Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce);

                              5.3 operate, and grant to others the right to operate, fitness facilities, gyms, and health
                     related establishments under tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than
                     the Marks, inside and outside of the Development Area and pursuant to such terms and
                     conditions as we deem appropriate, which may include locations in close proximity to the
                     locations of your PLANET FITNESS Businesses;

                              5.4 develop or become associated with other concepts (including dual branding or
                     other franchise systems), whether or not using the PLANET FITNESS System, brand or Marks,




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 5                           PLANET FITNESS®
