                                    ADDENDUM TO
                                  PLANET FITNESS®
                            DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR THE
                                 STATE OF MINNESOTA

        The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to Minnesota statutes and
regulations. Item numbers correspond to those in the main body.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

       Item 13.

         To the extent required by Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, we will protect your rights to
use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes, or other commercial symbols related
to the trademarks or indemnify you from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any claim, suit,
or demand regarding the use of the trademarks, provided you are using the names in marks in
accordance with the Franchise Agreement. You must cooperate with the defense in any reasonable
manner we prescribe.

       Item 17.

         1.     With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subd. 3-5, which require (except in certain specified cases)
(a) that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’
notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement; and (b) that consent to the transfer of the
franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.

         2.     Minn. Stat. § 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400(J) prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the
franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition,
nothing in the Disclosure Document or Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your
rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum,
or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

        3.      Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee
to assent to a general release.

      4.      With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 with respect to limitation of claims.

       5.     The franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief. The
franchisor may seek injunctive relief.



                                           M-1                          PLANET FITNESS®
