                                       knowledge of and experience in developing and operating PLANET FITNESS
                                       Businesses;

                           14.8.1.3. sales, marketing and advertising programs and techniques for PLANET
                                     FITNESS Businesses;

                           14.8.1.4. specifications and pricing for and suppliers of certain fixtures, furnishings,
                                     equipment, products, materials and supplies;

                           14.8.1.5. operating results and financial performance of PLANET FITNESS Businesses
                                     other than PLANET FITNESS Businesses owned by you or your affiliates;

                           14.8.1.6. proprietary information, benchmarking, and analytics we (or a third party we
                                     authorize) may share with you related to PLANET FITNESS Businesses, other
                                     than PLANET FITNESS Businesses owned by you or your affiliates;

                           14.8.1.7. customer and membership lists;

                           14.8.1.8. information concerning the specific selection and development of potential
                                     future PLANET FITNESS Business locations by third parties;

                           14.8.1.9. methods of training and management relating to PLANET FITNESS
                                     Businesses;

                           14.8.1.10. proprietary computer systems, software programs, mobile applications and
                                      other technology used or useful in PLANET FITNESS Businesses;

                           14.8.1.11. potential transactions, expansion plans, evolution of our System or other
                                      proprietary strategic information;

                           14.8.1.12. any and all other information related to your PLANET FITNESS Businesses
                                      or PLANET FITNESS Businesses generally that is labeled proprietary or
                                      confidential.

                  Confidential Information does not include information or material which (i) is or becomes generally
                  known to the public or in the industry other than through a breach of this Agreement, (ii) at the time
                  it was first disclosed to you, was already in your lawful possession; (iii) is developed independently
                  by you without using the Confidential Information, or (iv) is disclosed to you by a third party entitled
                  to disclose it without any further obligations of confidentiality.

                   14.8.2 We will disclose Confidential Information to you solely for your use in the development
and operation of your PLANET FITNESS Businesses. The Confidential Information is proprietary and includes our
trade secrets. During the term of this Agreement and thereafter: (a) you and your Owners may not use the Confidential
Information in any other business or capacity (you acknowledge such use is an unfair method of competition); (b) you
and your Owners must strictly maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (c) you and your Owners
may not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential Information disclosed in written, electronic or
other form; (d) you and your Owners must exercise your and their best efforts, including the implementation of all
reasonable procedures we prescribe from time to time, to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential
Information; such procedures include, but are not limited to, (i) the use of nondisclosure agreements with your Owners,
officers, directors, managers, assistant managers, shift supervisors and other personnel to which you disclose
Confidential Information, copies of which you and your Owners must deliver to us upon our request, (ii) the de-
activation of access by your personnel to our online franchise portal and any other software, computer systems and
electronic mailing lists containing Confidential Information, reasonably promptly upon the termination of their
employment or engagement with you, and (iii) not inputting or disclosing Confidential Information to artificial
intelligence or machine learning platforms, except as we may authorize in our Methods of Operation or by prior written




FDD - 2025                                    #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 16                            PLANET FITNESS®
