                              22.6 Tolling of Statute of Limitations. All applicable statutes of limitation and defenses
                     based on the passage of time are tolled while the dispute resolution procedures in this Article 22
                     are pending. The parties will take such action, if any, required to effectuate such tolling.

                              22.7 Performance to Continue. Each party must continue to perform its obligations
                     under this Agreement pending final resolution of any dispute pursuant to this Article 22, unless
                     to do so would be impossible or impracticable under the circumstances.

                              22.8 Conflict. If there is a dispute between us and you and/or your affiliates involving
                     this Agreement along with other Area Development Agreements between such parties, and those
                     Area Development Agreements contain inconsistent dispute resolution provisions, then the
                     procedural aspects of the dispute resolution provisions of the most recent Area Development
                     Agreement, including, but not limited to, venue, and mediation and arbitration process, shall
                     apply to the dispute in lieu of the provisions of Articles 22-24 and 26 hereof, unless this
                     Agreement is the most recent Area Development Agreement, in which case the foregoing
                     Articles shall apply to the dispute.

23.      Governing Law. All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.
         §§ 1 et. seq.). Except to the extent governed by the Federal Arbitration Act as required hereby, the United
         States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 et seq.) or other federal law, this Agreement,
         the franchise and all claims arising from the relationship between us and you will be governed by the laws of
         New Hampshire, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, except that any law regulating the sale of
         franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless the
         jurisdictional requirements of that law are met independently without reference to this Article.

24.      Consent to Jurisdiction. Subject to Article 22 hereof, you and your Owners agree that we may institute any
         action or seek injunctive relief against you or your Owners in any state or federal court of general jurisdiction
         in New Hampshire or the county in which you are domiciled, or the county in which any PLANET FITNESS
         Business developed under this Agreement is located, and you (and each Owner) irrevocably submit to the
         jurisdiction of any such courts and waive any objection you (or he or she) may have to either the jurisdiction
         of or venue in such courts.

25.      Notices. All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions of this
         Agreement to us must be addressed to our General Counsel at the most current principal business address of
         which you have been notified. All payments required to be delivered under this Agreement will be deemed
         delivered when received and will be deemed delivered by EFT or bank-wire transfer upon telephone or
         electronic confirmation with the receiving bank. All written notices and reports permitted or required to be
         delivered by the provisions of this Agreement to you shall be addressed to your Responsible Owner or
         Approved Operator at your most current principal business address of which we have been notified, or the
         mailing address listed for your Responsible Owner or Approved Operator as listed on Exhibit B. We may
         deliver copies of notices hereunder to your Owners, landlord, lenders or other parties that have a right to
         receive copies thereof. We will exercise reasonable efforts to promptly notify you of any copies of notices
         delivered to third parties. Notices or reports will be deemed delivered:

                               25.1 at the time delivered by hand;

                             25.2 one (1) Business Day after transmission by e-mail or other electronic system,
                     provided there is evidence of delivery and notice is also promptly provided pursuant to the
                     methods set forth in Articles 25.1 and/or 25.3; or

                              25.3 one (1) Business Day after being placed in the hands of a commercial courier
                     service for next Business Day delivery, provided there is evidence of delivery; or five (5)
                     Business Days after placement in the United States Mail by Registered or Certified Mail, Return
                     Receipt Requested, postage prepaid.




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 29                           PLANET FITNESS®
