                    are not in compliance with Article 13.3(1) by end of the period set forth in Article 13.8(11),
                    we may at our option close the transaction and, unless the costs of compliance were
                    allocated to the buyer in the Offer, set off the costs of remedying any material unaddressed
                    noncompliance against the purchase price.

             (13)   If the proposed Transfer is part of a contemporaneous transfer involving additional
                    PLANET FITNESS Businesses or one or more area development agreements
                    (collectively, the “Transfer Group”), then we will refrain from exercising our right of first
                    refusal to purchase less than the entire Transfer Group.

             (14)   The value of any form of payment other than cash as described in Article 13.8(1) hereof
                    shall be fair market value. If such fair market value cannot be calculated by imputation of
                    the purchase price set forth in the Offer, and if we and you are unable to agree on fair
                    market value, fair market value will be determined by an appraiser agreeable to both
                    parties. If we and you are unable to agree on an appraiser, then the fair market value will
                    be determined as follows: we will appoint one (1) appraiser, you will appoint one (1)
                    appraiser and the two (2) party-appointed appraisers will appoint a third independent
                    appraiser; provided, however, that if you fail to timely appoint your appraiser, then the fair
                    market value determined by our appraiser alone shall prevail. You and we agree to select
                    our respective appraisers within fifteen (15) days after the date we determine that we are
                    unable to agree on the fair market value, and the two (2) appraisers so chosen are obligated
                    to appoint the third appraiser within fifteen (15) days after the date on which the last of the
                    two (2) party-appointed appraisers was appointed. You and we will bear the cost of our
                    own appraisers and share equally the reasonable fees and expenses of the third appraiser
                    chosen by the two (2) party-appointed appraisers. You and we will take reasonable actions
                    to cause the appraisers to complete their appraisal within thirty (30) days after the third
                    appraiser’s appointment.

             (15)   We may make up to two (2) reasonable requests for information from you to assist us in
                    evaluating our right of first refusal (each, a “Diligence Request”). We may make (a) an
                    initial Diligence Request within ten (10) days after we receive all of the Sale Materials;
                    and (b) a follow-up Diligence Request within fourteen (14) days of the receipt of your
                    complete response to our initial Diligence Request. You must provide a complete and
                    materially accurate response to each such Diligence Request promptly and, in any event,
                    not later than within thirty (30) days of receiving an initial Diligence Request and not later
                    than within fourteen (14) days after receiving a follow-up Diligence Request. All Diligence
                    Requests and responses thereto may be made by e-mail or other electronic means (e.g.,
                    access to a secure electronic storage platform) in lieu of compliance with Article 20.1
                    hereof. A follow-up request based on an incomplete response to a Diligence Request shall
                    not be considered a separate Diligence Request. The foregoing shall not limit our rights to
                    request additional information at any time between exercising our right of first refusal (if
                    we choose to do so) and closing the transaction. We may not disclose to third-parties any
                    information you provide to us in response to a Diligence Request, except for information
                    which (i) is or becomes generally known to the public or in the industry other than through
                    a breach of this Agreement, (ii) at the time it was first disclosed to us, was already in our
                    lawful possession; (iii) is developed independently by us; or (iv) is information that we had
                    an independent right to obtain and/or use, except as set forth in Article 13.8(17) below.

             (16)   We may exercise our right of first refusal under this Article 13.8 during the time period
                    beginning on the date we receive all of the Sale Materials and ending on the later of (a) (i)
                    thirty (30) days from such date if we do not make a Diligence Request or (ii) if we make a
                    Diligence Request, forty-five (45) days after your submission of a complete response to
                    our last Diligence Request, or if the transaction involves more than seventy-five (75)
                    PLANET FITNESS Businesses, sixty (60) days after such submission, or (b) the last date
                    on which we may exercise our right of first refusal for another PLANET FITNESS
                    Business included in the Offer (the “ROFR Period”).




FDD - 2025                         PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 52                         PLANET FITNESS®
