Table of Contents
                                                               Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                    (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



The carrying value and estimated fair value of long-term debt were as follows:
                                                                          December 31, 2024                                                December 31, 2023
                                                            Carrying value              Estimated fair value(1)           Carrying value                 Estimated fair value(1)
Long-term debt(1)                                    $               2,195,750      $                 2,082,034    $                2,004,438        $                 1,829,286
(1)
   The estimated fair value of the Company’s fixed rate long-term debt is estimated primarily based on current bid prices for the long-term debt. Judgment is required to develop
these estimates. As such, the fair value of long-term debt is classified within Level 2, as defined under U.S. GAAP.

(s) Investments
The Company’s investments consist of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investments in debt securities and equity method investments.
Available-for-sale marketable debt securities
Marketable debt securities primarily consist of commercial paper, corporate debt securities, U.S. treasury securities, and U.S. government agency securities. We
classify our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase and reevaluate such classification at each balance sheet date. We may sell
these securities at any time for use in current operations even if they have not yet reached maturity. The Company invests in a diversified portfolio of
marketable debt securities and limits the concentration of its investment in any particular security. Securities with maturities greater than three months, but less
than one year, are included in short-term marketable securities and securities with maturities greater than one year are included in long-term marketable
securities on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. All marketable debt securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value.
If the estimated fair value of an available-for-sale debt security is below its amortized cost basis, then the Company evaluates the security for impairment. The
Company considers its intent to sell the security or whether it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized
basis. If either of these criteria are met, the debt security’s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through other income (expense), net in the
consolidated statements of operations. If neither of these criteria are met, the Company evaluates whether unrealized losses have resulted from a credit loss or
other factors. The factors considered in determining whether a credit loss exists can include the extent to which fair value is less than the amortized cost basis,
changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, any adverse conditions specifically related to the security, as well as other factors. An impairment
relating to credit losses is recorded through an allowance for credit losses reported in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.
The allowance is limited by the amount that the fair value of the debt security is below its amortized cost basis. When a credit loss exists, the Company
compares the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the debt security with the amortized cost basis of the security to determine what
allowance amount, if any, should be recorded. Unrealized gains or losses not resulting from credit losses or impairment are recorded through accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). Realized gains and losses from the sale of marketable securities are determined based on the specific identification method and
are reported in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. Interest income from marketable securities is recognized as earned
within the consolidated statement of operations. The accretion of marketable debt security discounts to maturity is recognized within interest income.
Held-to-maturity debt securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities are financial instruments for which the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported at amortized
cost. The Company reserves for expected credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities through the allowance for expected credit losses. The Company
utilizes a probability-of-default (“PD”) and loss-given-default (“LGD”) methodology to calculate the allowance for expected credit losses. The allowance for
expected credit losses estimate reflects a lifetime loss estimate and is based on historical loss information for assets with similar risk characteristics, adjusted
for management’s expectations. Adjustments for management’s expectations may be based on factors such as investee earnings performance, recent financing
rounds at reduced valuations, potential refinancing events, changes in the regulatory, economic or technological environment of an investee or doubt about an
investee’s ability to continue as a going concern. An increase or a decrease in the allowance for expected credit losses is recorded through other gain (loss) as a
credit loss expense or a reversal thereof. The allowance for expected credit losses is presented as a deduction from the amortized cost. A held-to-maturity debt
security is written off when deemed uncollectible.




                                                                                        75
