        9.    TRANSFER. In Article 13.3 of the Successor Agreement under the heading “Conditions for
              Approval of Transfer,” the following language is hereby inserted at the end of subsection (1):

              You have completed all requirements set forth in Appendix H, to our satisfaction.

        10.   DEFAULT. In Article 15.2 of the Successor Agreement under the heading “Default,” the following
              language is hereby added as new subsection (4)(e):

                       (e) fail to comply with the requirements set forth in Appendix H hereof, subject to a cure
                       period of thirty (30) days.

        11.   FEE REFERENCES. Each remaining instance of the defined term “Initial Franchise Fee” in the
              Successor Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the term “Successor Franchise Fee.

        12.   RELEASE. You, for yourself and your successors, predecessors, assigns, shareholders, partners,
              members, owners, subsidiaries, parents and affiliates, and their respective beneficiaries, executors,
              trustees, agents, representatives, employees, officers and directors (jointly and severally, the
              “Releasors”), irrevocably and absolutely release and forever discharge us and our successors,
              predecessors, assigns, shareholders, partners, members, owners, subsidiaries, parents and affiliates,
              and its and their beneficiaries, executors, trustees, agents, representatives, employees, officers,
              directors and insurers (jointly and severally, the “Releasees”), of and from all claims, obligations,
              demands, suits, benefits, debts, liabilities, obligations, costs, expenses, attorneys’ fees, actions or
              causes of action (however denominated), whether in law or in equity, and whether known or
              unknown, present or contingent, for any injury, damage, or loss whatsoever arising from any acts or
              occurrences occurring as of or prior to the date of this Release relating to the Initial Franchise
              Agreement, the business operated under the Initial Franchise Agreement, and/or any other existing
              agreement between any of the Releasees and any of the Releasors that relates to the business
              operated under the Initial Franchise Agreement (“Claims”). You, for yourself and the other
              Releasors, also covenant not to sue or otherwise bring a claim against any of the Releasees regarding
              any of the Claims being released under this release. This release does not apply to the Successor
              Agreement or any offer, grant or sale of franchise or development rights to you or owners from this
              day forward.

              You represent, warrant and covenant to us that: (a) There are no Claims filed by any Releasor or on
              their behalf or for their benefit pending against the Releasees, or any of them, in any forum
              whatsoever, including, without limitation, in any state or federal court, or before any federal, state,
              or local administrative agency, board, or governing body. You are unaware of any Claims any
              Releasor has against the Releasees which are not released herein. No Releasor will commence any
              civil action related to the Claims against Releasees in the future based on acts, transactions,
              occurrences, or omissions known or unknown to them at the date of the execution of this Agreement.
              The Releasors have not heretofore assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer, to any
              person, firm, corporation or entity any Claim; (b) You have the authority and due authorization to
              release all Claims on behalf of all Releasors; and (c) You have entered into this Amendment
              voluntarily and without any coercion. You have had the opportunity to consult with an attorney of
              your own choice, you have read the terms of this Amendment, and you fully understand and
              voluntarily accept the terms. You will indemnify and hold harmless the Releasees from any and all
              loss or damage, including but not limited to the cost of litigation with any Releasor and any related
              judgment or settlement, and reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred as result of a breach of any of the
              representations and warranties in this Section 12.

        13.   ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RELEASE OF UNKNOWN CLAIMS. You hereby acknowledge
              that the release of claims set forth in Section 12 of this Amendment is intended to be a full and
              unconditional general release, as that phrase is used and commonly interpreted, extending to all
              claims of any nature, whether or not known, expected or anticipated to exist in favor of the Releasors
              against the Releasees. In making this voluntary express waiver, you acknowledge that claims or
              facts in addition to or different from those which are now known to exist may later be discovered
              and that it is your intention to hereby fully and forever settle and release any and all matters,




FDD – 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName SA - 4                        PLANET FITNESS®
