                                                 Planet Fitness Franchising LLC
                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     (Amounts in thousands)

(c) Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”). The accompanying balance sheet includes all accounts of the Company, which has no subsidiaries.
The Company considers for consolidation certain interests where controlling financial interest may be achieved through
arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a variable interest entity (“VIE”), is required to be
consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is considered to possess the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the
rights to receive benefits from the VIE that are significant to it. The principal entities in which the Company possesses a
variable interest include franchise entities and certain other entities. The Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary
for Planet Fitness franchise entities or for the Planet Fitness NAF, LLC entity. Therefore, these entities are not consolidated.

(d) Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are
based on management’s knowledge of current events and actions it may undertake in the future, they may ultimately differ from
actual results. Significant areas where estimates and judgments are relied upon by management in the preparation of the
financial statements include revenue recognition and the evaluation of the recoverability of long-lived assets, including
intangible assets.

(e) Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash
equivalents.

(f) Fair value
Certain of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable,
accrued expenses and other liabilities are carried at cost, which approximates their fair value because of their short-term nature.

(g) Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable is primarily comprised of amounts owed to the Company from franchisees. The Company evaluates its
accounts receivable on an ongoing basis and may establish an allowance for uncollectible amounts based on collections and
current credit conditions. Accounts are written off as uncollectible when it is determined that further collection efforts will be
unsuccessful. Historically, the Company has not had significant amount of write-offs.

(h) Intangible assets
Intangible assets are primarily related to trade and brand names and customer relationships, and are recorded in accordance with
ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. In accordance with this guidance, specifically identified intangible assets
must be recorded as a separate asset from goodwill if either of the following two criteria is met: (1) the intangible asset acquired
arises from contractual or other legal rights; or (2) the intangible asset is separable. Transactions are evaluated to determine
whether any gain or loss on reacquired franchise rights, based on their fair value, should be recognized separately from
identified intangibles.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if impairment
indicators arise. Separable intangible assets that are not deemed to have an indefinite life are amortized over their estimated
useful lives on either a straight-line or accelerated basis as deemed appropriate, and are reviewed for impairment when events
or circumstances suggest that the assets may not be recoverable.
The Company performs its annual impairment assessment of indefinite lived intangible assets on December 1 of each year.
During 2022, the Company moved its assessment date from December 31 to December 1 in order to better align with the
Company's annual planning cycle. For indefinite lived intangible assets, the impairment assessment consists of comparing the
carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value. To the extent that the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, an
impairment is recorded to reduce the carrying value to its fair value. The Company is also permitted to make a qualitative
assessment of whether it is more likely than not an indefinite lived intangible asset’s fair value is less than its carrying value
prior to applying the quantitative assessment. If based on the Company’s qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not
that the carrying value of the asset is less than its fair value, then a quantitative assessment is not required.



                                                                  8
