       In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, NAF funds (rounded to the nearest whole
percent) were expended as follows: 24% on production, 53% on media placement; 7% on
administrative expenses, and 16% on other expenses, such as agency fees and research.

        We will administer the NAF and have the sole right to determine all aspects of programs
financed by the NAF, including national or regional media, public relations, creative concepts,
materials, endorsements, sponsorships, integrations, member communications, agency
relationships, agency audits, and market research. We will generate advertising and other creative
and purchase media in-house and/or may solicit outside regional or national ad agencies to do so.
Although the NAF is intended to maximize general recognition and patronage of the Marks for the
benefit of all PLANET FITNESS businesses, we cannot assure you that any particular PLANET
FITNESS business will benefit directly or pro-rata from the placement of advertising. The NAF
may be used to pay for the cost of preparing and producing materials and programs we select,
including video, audio, electronic, written advertising materials and other member-facing content.
We may furnish you with marketing, advertising and promotional materials at cost, plus any
related administrative, shipping, handling and storage charges. We have no obligation to spend
any amount on advertising in your area. The NAF will not spend any money on advertising that is
principally a solicitation for the sale of new franchises, although the NAF may generally expend
funds to promote the PLANET FITNESS brand in such ways and media as we may decide.

        The NAF is accounted for separately from our other funds. While our intent is to balance
the NAF on an annual basis, periodically the NAF may run at either a surplus or deficit. All
disbursements from the NAF are made first from income and then from contributions. We may
spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less than the aggregate contributions of all PLANET
FITNESS businesses to the NAF in that year, and the NAF may borrow from us or other lenders
(at a commercially reasonable rate of interest) to cover deficits in the NAF or cause the NAF to
invest any surplus for future use by the NAF. If any funds are not spent in the current fiscal year,
they will remain as part of the NAF. Although the NAF is not required to be audited, within 120
days after the close of our fiscal year, we will prepare an annual unaudited statement of monies
collected and costs incurred by the NAF. We will furnish you a copy of the prior year’s statement
upon your written request. Except as we otherwise expressly provide in the Franchise Agreement,
we assume no direct or indirect liability or obligation with respect to the maintenance, direction or
administration of the NAF. We do not act as a trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity with
respect to the NAF. The NAF will not be used for advertising principally directed at the sale of
franchises.

        We will seek the advice of owners of PLANET FITNESS businesses by formal or
informal means with respect to the creative concepts and media used for programs financed by the
NAF. We generally do so through the marketing subcommittee of the recognized franchisee
association, though we may seek advice in a different manner in the future. The members of the
marketing subcommittee are chosen by the board of the recognized franchisee association, which
is selected by a vote of all PLANET FITNESS businesses, including the PLANET FITNESS
businesses owned by our affiliates, based upon a one (1) vote per PLANET FITNESS business
system. The marketing subcommittee and any similar future committee serve solely in an advisory
capacity, in our discretion. We will develop and implement a framework for reporting and advisory
consultation on the NAF budget, planning process and marketing strategy. We will have the final
authority for marketing decisions. We may change or dissolve the marketing subcommittee, or

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 44
