             “Operations Manual” – The compilation of the confidential PLANET FITNESS Methods of
             Operation, which may include, without limitation, any information, documents and materials that
             describe our mandatory and suggested standards, specifications, marketing strategies and policies,
             and operating procedures relating to the development and operation of PLANET FITNESS
             Businesses and your obligations under this Agreement and related agreements, as well as all other
             written materials, documents or information that we designate as a Method of Operation or
             specifically as part of the Operations Manual. The term “Operations Manual” also includes alternative
             or supplemental means of communicating such information by other media which specifically
             reference that they are to be considered part of the Operations Manual including, but not limited to,
             bulletins, newsletters, emails, audio and video files, and other similar items posted on the Designated
             Franchise Portal. The Operations Manual (and each component thereof) constitutes a confidential
             trade secret and will remain our property.

             “Owner” – Each person that has any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest in you, if
             you are an Entity. If the Franchisee is one or more individuals, each individual is an Owner. Your
             Owner(s) is/are identified on Appendix A to this Agreement.

             “Ownership Group” - Defined in Article 2.4.

             “Payment Network” - Any credit card, debit card or other payment network and their duly authorized
             administrators (including NACHA), agents or Affiliates.

             “Payment Processors” - All credit card, debit card, ACH or other payment processors whose services
             we may require you to utilize, as well as payment gateway service providers.

             “Payment Rules” - The rules and regulations of Payment Processors and any applicable Payment
             Network, as in effect from time to time.

             “Permanent Disability” – A mental or physical disability, impairment or condition that is expected to
             prevent or actually does prevent you, your Responsible Owner, or an Owner of a Controlling Interest
             in you from managing and operating the BUSINESS for a period of at least three (3) months from the
             onset of such disability, impairment or condition.

             “Person” or “person” - Any natural person, Entity, unincorporated association, trust, cooperative or
             other functional entity.

             “Personal Data” – The personal information of customers or prospective customers of the BUSINESS.

             “Personnel” - All persons employed or otherwise retained by you, directly or indirectly, in connection
             with the development, management or operation of your BUSINESS.

             “Physical Pre-Sale” – Defined in Article 4.6.

             “PLANET FITNESS Business” – Defined in Article 1.1.

             “POS” – Point of Sale, as defined in Article 4.5.

             “Pre-Sale” - Defined in Article 4.6.

             “Pre-Sale Marketing Plan” - Defined in Article 10.2.

             “Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense” - Defined in Article 10.2.

             “Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period” - Defined in Article 10.2.




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 6                        PLANET FITNESS®
