                   codes or regulations. You are obligated to have prepared, at your expense, all required
                   construction plans and specifications to suit the shape and dimensions of the Location and
                   to ensure that such plans and specifications comply with all applicable federal, state or
                   local laws, codes, regulations, ordinances, building codes and permit requirements and with
                   lease requirements and restrictions. You acknowledge that design quality is important to
                   us. We reserve the right to require that you use our (a) designated third party project
                   management company to prepare all project management plans for the BUSINESS, and
                   (b) designated architect(s) to prepare all architectural plans and drawings (together with
                   project management plans, “Construction Development Plans”) for the BUSINESS. You
                   must submit all Construction Development Plans, including design specifications, to us
                   and receive our prior, written approval before starting to develop the Location. In the event
                   that you do not use a designated architect to prepare all architectural plans and drawings
                   for the BUSINESS, we may reject such plans and/or require you to pay us a Construction
                   Development Plan review fee of Four Thousand U.S. Dollars ($4,000) at the time you
                   submit your initial set of architectural plans or drawings to us. At our request, you must
                   submit all revised or “as built” plans and specifications. Our review and approval of your
                   Construction Development Plans is not designed to assess compliance with federal, state
                   or local laws and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act, as compliance
                   with such laws is your sole responsibility. All development and any signage must be in
                   accordance with the Construction Development Plans and specifications we have approved
                   and must comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, local rules and regulations. We will
                   furnish such guidance to you in developing the Location as we deem appropriate. We do
                   not, by approving your Construction Development Plans or specifications or inspecting the
                   Location, assume any liability or responsibility to you or to any third parties. Such
                   approvals and inspections shall be solely for the purpose of assuring compliance with our
                   standards and Methods of Operation and shall not be construed as any express or implied
                   representation or warranty that your BUSINESS complies with any applicable laws, codes
                   or regulations (including the Americans with Disabilities Act or any other federal, state, or
                   local law or ordinance regulating standards for the access to, use of, or modifications of
                   buildings for use by persons whose disabilities are protected by law) or that the
                   construction thereof is sound or free from defects. All prototype and modified Construction
                   Development Plans and specifications for your BUSINESS remain our sole and exclusive
                   property, and you may claim no interest therein, and you irrevocably assign to us all of
                   your right, title and interest, if any, in and to all such Construction Development Plans,
                   together with all related intellectual property rights.

             (2)   Construction. You must start construction of your BUSINESS within one hundred twenty
                   (120) days after you have leased, subleased or acquired the Location, unless a longer period
                   of time is approved by us. You must engage a general contractor acceptable to us. You
                   must procure all applicable construction insurance in amounts and coverages acceptable to
                   us. Prior to starting construction, you must provide us with a final construction schedule,
                   with a reasonable level of detail, from your general contractor. You must complete
                   construction of your BUSINESS within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the start
                   of construction, provided, however, that if you demonstrate to us that you are working in
                   good faith and earnestly toward this end, we may grant you an extension beyond the
                   applicable timeframe described above. You must provide us with weekly progress reports
                   during construction in a format acceptable to us. We have the right to visit and inspect the
                   site during the construction phase. Such visits shall be at our expense, except for site
                   evaluation visits made upon your request, which shall be at your expense, in which case,
                   you shall reimburse us for our expenses for each visit we make at your request, including
                   the costs of travel, lodging and food incurred in connection with the site evaluation. The
                   requirement to complete construction of your BUSINESS includes obtaining all required
                   construction and occupancy licenses and permits, developing the Location (including all
                   outdoor features and landscaping of the Location, if applicable), installing all required
                   fixtures, furnishings, equipment and signs, and doing all other things as may be required




FDD - 2025                        PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 13                       PLANET FITNESS®
