                            Remodeling. You must periodically upgrade and/or remodel your BUSINESS premises, as
                            we may reasonably require, pursuant to our plans and specifications (which may include
                            the placement of additional cardio, fitness and amenity equipment), provided, however,
                            that with the exception of signage, we will not require substantial remodeling or upgrades
                            more often than every twelve (12) years except as otherwise set forth in Appendix H.

             7.    MARKETING.

                   a.     In Article 10.2(1) of the Acquisition Agreement under the subheading “Pre-Sale/Grand
                          Opening Marketing,” the first sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with
                          the following:

                            You agree to conduct pre-sale and grand opening marketing for the BUSINESS if the Pre-
                            Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period has not previously expired.

                   b.     In Article 10.3 of the Acquisition Agreement under the heading “Advertising
                          Cooperatives,” the third sentence is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                              If your BUSINESS is within the territory of an existing Cooperative, you agree to
                              immediately become a member of the Cooperative.

             8.    TRANSFER. In Article 13.3 of the Acquisition Agreement under the heading “Conditions for
                   Approval of Transfer,” the following language is hereby inserted at the end of subsection (1):

                              You have completed all requirements set forth in Appendix H, to our satisfaction.

             9.    DEFAULT. In Article 15.2 of the Acquisition Agreement under the heading “Default,” the
                   following language is hereby added as new subsection (4)(e):

                              (e) fail to comply with the requirements set forth in Appendix H hereof, subject to a cure
                              period of thirty (30) days.

             10.   FEE REFERENCES. In Article 18.3 of the Acquisition Amendment under the heading “Taxes,”
                   the phrase “Initial Franchise Fee” is hereby deleted.

             11.   DEFINED TERMS. All defined terms are used herein as defined in the Acquisition Agreement,
                   unless otherwise herein indicated. If there is any conflict between the Acquisition Agreement and
                   this Amendment, this Amendment shall govern. Except as specifically amended herein, all of the
                   other terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement are hereby ratified and confirmed.

             12.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Amendment, the Acquisition Agreement, and any other
                   documents referred to herein constitute the complete understanding of the parties regarding the
                   subject of this Amendment. Except for those specifically permitted to be made unilaterally by you
                   or us hereunder, no amendment, change, or variance from this Amendment shall be binding on
                   either party, unless mutually agreed to by the parties and executed by their authorized officers or
                   agents in writing.


                        [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page following]




FDD – 2025                                 PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName AA - 4                        PLANET FITNESS®
