                  If a single act or omission results in multiple Events of Default with different cure periods, the
         shortest cure period will apply and such cure period will not be in addition to any other applicable cure
         periods.

         15.3    NOTICE OF DEFAULT. Prior to exercising the remedies set forth in Article 15.5 as a result of
                 any Event of Default set forth in Article 15.2 with a cure period we shall provide you with written
                 notice of such default (a “Notice of Default”). The Notice of Default will state the action you must
                 take to cure the Event of Default, and the period of time in which you must do so. If you fail to
                 remedy the Event of Default within such period of time, we may exercise the remedies set forth in
                 Article 15.5 with immediate effect upon our delivery to you of a Remedy Notice as set forth in
                 Article 15.5(4).

         15.4    DEFAULTING OWNERS. If the actions or inactions of one (1) of your Owners (a “Defaulting
                 Owner”) result in an Event of Default described in Article 15.2(6)(b)-(c) or Article 15.2(7), and
                 neither you, nor any of your other Owners, approved or knowingly assisted with such actions or
                 inactions, the default may be cured by the Defaulting Owner relinquishing or otherwise disposing
                 of the Defaulting Owner’s interest in you (pursuant to Article 13 of this Agreement) and ceasing all
                 involvement and association with the BUSINESS within thirty (30) days from our delivery to you
                 of a Notice of Default. For clarity, in such case, we expressly reserve all rights and remedies we
                 may have directly against such Defaulting Owner. In our sole discretion, we may also refrain from
                 terminating this Agreement in the case of an uncured breach of Article 9.6 hereof, while expressly
                 reserving all other rights and remedies hereunder and under applicable law, if such Defaulting
                 Owner agrees to limit such Defaulting Owner’s communication with our personnel, the personnel
                 of any designated suppliers, and PLANET FITNESS members at your and your Affiliates’
                 PLANET FITNESS Businesses in such manner and for such time period as we may designate. If
                 the Defaulting Owner’s breach is ongoing, you must fully cooperate with efforts we undertake to
                 cause the Defaulting Owner to cease any prohibited conduct. Such cooperation may include, but
                 may not be limited to, providing documents and information and, when reasonably appropriate to
                 do so (if the breach is also a violation of a reasonably enforceable obligation the Defaulting Owner
                 owes to you, for example), commencing and/or joining litigation.

         15.5    REMEDIES. For any incurable Event of Default and for any curable Event of Default that remains
                 uncured upon the expiration of the applicable cure period, we shall have the remedies set forth
                 below. Such remedies are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or recourse we may
                 have against you at law or in equity, including commencing a legal proceeding to collect damages
                 due to such default.

                 (1)      Termination. We have the right to terminate this Agreement. We have no obligation
                          whatsoever to refund any portion of the franchise fee upon any termination of this
                          Agreement.

                 (2)      Alternatives to termination. Without waiving our right to terminate this Agreement (or any
                          other rights), we have the right to take one or more of the following actions, with ongoing
                          effect until the default is cured:

                          (a)      restrict your or any of your staff’s attendance at any training, meetings,
                                   workshops, or conventions, including virtual events;

                          (b)      require you to pay to us or the NAF, via EFT, up to an additional four percent
                                   (4%) of the EFT Dues Draft;

                          (c)      replace the Royalty in Article 5.2 of this Agreement with the Royalty offered in
                                   our then current franchise agreement;




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 59                      PLANET FITNESS®
