Notes:

Note 1         Unless otherwise noted, all fees are uniformly imposed for all new franchisees,
               payable to us and not refundable. However, existing franchisees and area
               developers may be entitled to lower fees based on their existing agreements.
               Historically, we have collected NAF only on monthly membership fees and on $49
               annual membership fees, but we do have the right to collect the NAF on all monthly
               and annual membership fees. The above fees may be payable by automatic
               electronic funds withdrawal from your designated bank account. See Item 11 for
               additional details.

               You will pay all state and local taxes, including taxes denominated as income or
               franchise taxes, that may be imposed on us as a result of our receipt or accrual of
               the Initial Franchise Fee, Area Development Fee, advertising fees, Extension Fee,
               successor franchise fee, and other fees that are referenced in the Franchise
               Agreement and Area Development Agreement, whether assessed against you
               through withholding or other means or whether paid by us directly. In either case,
               you will pay to us (and to the appropriate governmental authority) additional
               amounts as are necessary to provide us, after taking these taxes into account
               (including any additional taxes imposed on such additional amounts), with the same
               amounts that we would have received or accrued had such withholding or other
               payment, whether by you or by us, not been required.

Note 2         Your Royalty payment is currently based on the total gross monthly and annual
               membership fees for your PLANET FITNESS business that are due and payable
               to you each month and annually, as applicable, by or on behalf of your members
               through authorized EFT withdrawals (the “EFT Dues Draft”), regardless of the
               amount of membership fees you actually collect. The term “total gross monthly
               and annual membership fees” means the total amount of the fees due and payable
               to you by or on behalf of your members, exclusive of any federal, state or local tax
               deductions or offsets. The term “total gross monthly and annual membership fees”
               includes any payments by EFT by or on behalf of members by any third party
               (including health plan or employer reimbursement programs and similar
               reimbursement programs), for recurring membership dues or fees. Members
               generally will pay membership fees by automatic withdrawal from a bank account,
               credit card or debit card, or other means of payment. We can on 60 days’ prior
               notice to you, calculate the Royalty with reference to the Total Net Membership
               Revenues of the Business. As more fully defined in the Franchise Agreement, the
               term “Total Net Membership Revenues” means the total receipts from all
               membership fees that you receive.

               For all memberships not included in the EFT Dues Draft, we may charge an amount
               equivalent to the Royalty applicable to your EFT Dues Draft.

               The Royalty under each Franchise Agreement will be the one in effect for new
               franchises as of the date of execution of the Franchise Agreement.


FDD – September 2025                                                           PLANET FITNESS®
                                                21
