17.      Transfer by You. You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties created by this Agreement are
         personal to you (or, if you are a legal entity, to your Owners) and that we have granted the development rights
         and obligations herein to you in reliance upon our perceptions of your (or your Owners’) individual or
         collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business ability, acumen and financial capacity. Accordingly,
         you shall ensure that, subject to Article 17.2, no Transfer occurs without our prior written consent. Any
         attempted Transfer without such approval constitutes a material breach of this Agreement and is void and of
         no effect. Any Transfer of ownership, possession or control of your PLANET FITNESS Business, which
         for the avoidance of doubt, includes, for example, a pledge, collateral assignment or grant of a security
         interest in this Agreement in connection with any transaction, is subject to compliance with this Article 17.
         “Transfer” means the voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, license, sublicense,
         sublease, collateral assignment, grant of a security, encumbrance, collateral or conditional interest, inter-
         vivos transfer, testamentary disposition or other disposition of this Agreement, any interest in or right under
         this Agreement, or any form of ownership interest in you or your assets, revenues or income (excluding sales
         of products and services and payments made in the ordinary course of business) from this Agreement
         including, but not limited to: (1) any transfer, redemption or issuance of a legal or beneficial ownership
         interest in the capital stock of, or a partnership interest or other ownership interest in, you or of any interest
         convertible to or exchangeable for capital stock of, or a partnership interest or other ownership interest in,
         you; (2) any merger or consolidation between you and another entity, whether or not you are the surviving
         entity; (3) any transfer in, or as a result of, a divorce, insolvency, corporate or partnership dissolution
         proceeding or otherwise by operation of law; (4) any transfer upon your death or the death of any of your
         Owners by will, declaration of or transfer in trust or under the laws of intestate succession; or (5) any
         foreclosure upon any of your assets.

                               17.1 Conditions for Approval of Transfer. We will not unreasonably withhold our
                      consent to a proposed Transfer provided all of the conditions set forth below must be met prior
                      to or concurrently with the effective date of the proposed Transfer. Your and/or the proposed
                      transferee’s failure to meet any of such conditions is a reasonable basis for withholding our
                      consent to the Transfer.

                   17.1.1 Compliance. You are in substantial compliance with this Agreement; you and your
affiliates have paid all amounts owed to us and our affiliates related to this Agreement or any other agreement entered
into between you, your affiliates, or your Owners and us or our affiliates.

                   17.1.2 Transferee. The proposed transferee and its direct and indirect owners must be of good
moral character and otherwise meet our then applicable and reasonable standards for PLANET FITNESS area
developers. The proposed transferee and its affiliates, and, if you will retain development rights post-transaction, you
and your Affiliates, must have demonstrated that they (and you, if applicable) will have reasonably adequate cash
available, reasonably projected financial resources and a reasonably acceptable capital structure, taking into account
current assets and liabilities, reasonably projected future cash flows and obligations, and reasonable assumptions
related to financing and potential business and economic fluctuations, to meet their development, re-equipment,
remodeling and other obligations to us and our affiliates in connection with this Agreement and any other PLANET
FITNESS Businesses or development rights they own or are acquiring. You have disclosed to us all ownership
information, including, but not limited to any trust, charitable organization or donor-advised fund, which will become
an Owner pursuant to the Transfer. Any trust instrument has been reviewed by us and our external legal counsel at
your expense, and the material terms of such trust have been approved by us in writing, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. As a condition to our approval, we may request reasonable changes
to the material terms of a trust instrument or other estate planning document to protect our interests and the System
generally.

                   17.1.3 Transfer Terms. You have disclosed to us all material terms of the Transfer along with any
additional information we reasonably request regarding your or the transferee’s capacity to develop and operate
PLANET FITNESS Businesses after the Transfer. We approve of the terms of such Transfer as not materially and
adversely impacting the transferee’s development of PLANET FITNESS Businesses following the Transfer, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. You and any affiliate must Transfer equivalent
rights and interests under all Franchise Agreements in the Development Area to the same transferee (or its affiliates)
simultaneously with the Transfer hereunder, unless we otherwise approve.




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 19                            PLANET FITNESS®
