               (4)      administrative, bookkeeping and accounting procedures; and

               (5)      use of authorized and approved computer systems.

         6.4   ON-SITE CONSULTATION AND ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE. During the Term of this
               Agreement, additional guidance may be provided in any of the following ways:

               (1)      Internet and telephone consultation during such times as are outlined in the Operations
                        Manual;

               (2)      wholesaling services whereby we may ourselves act as an approved or designated source
                        for products, merchandise, accessories, fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs, etc.;

               (3)      manufacturing services whereby we may manufacture, package and ship products,
                        merchandise, accessories, fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs, etc. to you;

               (4)      ongoing marketing programs to fulfill our obligations in Article 10 of this Agreement;

               (5)      meetings, seminars or conventions whereby we may get together with you and other
                        PLANET FITNESS franchisees for business or social purposes;

               (6)      research and development regarding our Methods of Operation; and/or

               (7)      at your request, we may furnish additional guidance and assistance and, in such a case, may
                        charge the per diem fees and charges we establish from time to time. If you request, or if
                        we require, additional or special training, all of the expenses that we incur in connection
                        with such training, including per diem charges and travel and living expenses for our
                        personnel, will be your responsibility.

         6.5   OPERATIONS MANUAL. During the Term of this Agreement, we will provide you access to our
               Operations Manual, consisting of such materials that we furnish to franchisees from time to time for
               use in operating a PLANET FITNESS Business. The Operations Manual contains our Methods of
               Operation and may be modified from time to time to reflect changes in the law, marketplace or
               Methods of Operation. In the event of a dispute relating to its contents, the master copy of the
               Operations Manual we maintain at our principal office will be controlling. You may not at any time
               copy, duplicate, provide third party access to, download, record or otherwise reproduce any part of
               the Operations Manual without our prior written consent. You acknowledge and agree that the
               Operations Manual and other System communications may only be available on the Internet, the
               Designated Franchise Portal or in other electronic form. The Operations Manual (and each
               component thereof) constitutes a confidential trade secret, which you agree to help protect, and will
               remain our property. The Operations Manual shall be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. If you
               become aware that any instruction provided in the Operations Manual violates any rule, law, or
               regulation, you agree to promptly inform us.

         6.6   WORKS MADE-FOR-HIRE. All ideas, trade names, trade and service marks, and other
               commercial symbols, concepts, procedures, techniques, processes, documents, manuals, marketing
               materials or marketing plans concerning the BUSINESS, whether or not protectable intellectual
               property, whether or not reviewed or approved by us, and whether created by or for you or your
               Owners or Personnel, must be promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed to be our sole and
               exclusive property, part of the System, and “works made-for-hire” for us as defined and used in the
               Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. § 101. To the extent any item does not qualify as a “work made-
               for-hire” for us, you will assign ownership of that item, and all related rights to that item, to us and
               must take whatever action (including signing an assignment agreement or other documents) we
               request to show our ownership or to help us obtain intellectual property rights in the item. To the
               extent permitted under applicable law, you waive all moral rights and all equivalent or similar rights




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 19                         PLANET FITNESS®
