       5.     Royalty – Royalty is 7% of the EFT Dues Draft. The amounts in the tables above
are the averages of the actual royalties paid by the clubs in each third calculated based upon
payment of a royalty of 7% of the EFT Dues Draft.

       6.      Utilities – Utility costs varied significantly depending on the size and location of
the club. Certain markets have substantially higher utility costs than others and any prospective
franchisee is urged to investigate local market utility costs before making any assumption about
what their costs will be.

         7.     Supplies and Maintenance – The Supplies and Maintenance amounts listed above
reflect the average of actual amounts these corporate-owned clubs in each third spent on cleaning
supplies, club supplies, and repairs and maintenance.

       8.       Miscellaneous – Miscellaneous expense includes cost of goods sold, POS fees,
insurance, billing charges, bank and credit card charges, equipment rental, office expense, sales
and use tax, and other miscellaneous expenses.

       Insurance costs vary on a club-by-club basis. The insurance costs noted in the above
statement are based on bulk buy pricing for multiple clubs.

       Bank and credit card charges will vary based on the banking institution used and type of
club membership draft. Drafting membership fees from credit cards will result in higher fees than
membership fees drafted from bank accounts.

        Sales and use tax will vary based on the location of the club. Every state will have different
rules applying to sales and use tax.

        Other miscellaneous expense includes foods, filing fees, licenses, permits, gifts,
travel/meals, postage, online join expense and professional fees. Many of these costs can vary
significantly depending on the location and the time spent looking for the best possible local cost
on these items.

       9.      Rent – Rent varies significantly depending on the size and location of the club.
Certain markets have substantially higher real estate costs than others and any prospective
franchisee is urged to investigate local market real estate costs prior to making any assumption
about what their costs will be.

         10.   EBITDAR & EBITDA – EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation
and Amortization) does not include any provision for income taxes or for non-cash expenses such
as depreciation or amortization or any debt service. It also does not include any expense
assumption related to the capital structure of the business entity or any reserve for future capital
expenditures. The statement also does not factor in the initial franchise fee or other initial
investment expenses including expenses for a lease/purchase of equipment as these clubs have
been open and operating for more than one year. We anticipate that every franchisee will fund its
initial investment differently, and we therefore cannot make any assumptions on how you would
account for these items. EBITDAR (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization
and Rent) does not include rent expense.


FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 83
