                                  owners of record, beneficial owners, and/or all general and limited partners of any
                                  Entity. To be a valid Offer, the proposed purchase price must be denominated in a
                                  dollar amount. The Offer must not include an offer to purchase any of your (or your
                                  Owners’) property or rights other than your (or their) PLANET FITNESS
                                  Businesses. If the Offer also applies to other PLANET FITNESS Businesses that
                                  you or your Affiliates own, you must obtain a separate proposed purchase price for
                                  each PLANET FITNESS Business included in the Offer, which reflects a reasonable
                                  allocation of the aggregate proposed purchase price across all such PLANET
                                  FITNESS Businesses. The Offer must specify the allocation of responsibility for
                                  required capital expenditures as between you and the offeror. If the offeror proposes
                                  to buy any other property or rights from you (or your Owners) under a separate,
                                  contemporaneous offer, such separate, contemporaneous offer must be disclosed to
                                  us, and the price and terms of purchase offered to you (or your Owners) for the
                                  interest in you or in this Agreement and the BUSINESS must reflect the bona fide
                                  price offered therefor and not reflect any value for any other property or rights. For
                                  the avoidance of doubt, a fully executed non-binding letter of intent or term sheet that
                                  otherwise satisfies the requirements of this Article 13.7(3) will be considered an
                                  Offer.

                      (4)         promptly submit to us a true and complete copy of the Offer, along with such other
                                  information about the BUSINESS or the proposed Transfer as we may reasonably
                                  request within five (5) Business Days of receiving the Offer, including, for example,
                                  copies of the diligence materials provided to the proposed transferee, financial
                                  information and/or projections related to the PLANET FITNESS Businesses
                                  included in the Offer or the proposed transferee (the “Sale Materials”). You shall
                                  deliver the Sale Materials by such means as we may reasonably specify.

                      Once you or the proposed transferee informs us that you have obtained an Offer, we may
                      communicate directly with the proposed transferee.

         13.8   OUR RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. For any proposed Third-Party Transfer of: (a) this
                Agreement; (b) a Controlling Interest in you (or a series of proposed Third-Party Transfers which
                in the aggregate would constitute a Third-Party Transfer of a Controlling Interest in you); or (c) all
                or substantially all the assets of the BUSINESS, we have the right, exercisable by written notice (the
                “ROFR Notice”) delivered to you or your selling Owners within the ROFR Period (defined below)
                to purchase such interest for the price and on the terms and conditions contained in the Offer,
                provided that:

                (1)         we may substitute cash for any form of payment (including, but not limited to, equity in
                            the transferee or one of its Affiliates) proposed in the Offer;

                (2)         if the Offer is for less than all of the ownership interests in you or less than all of the assets
                            of the BUSINESS, we may purchase, as applicable, all of the ownership interests in you or
                            all of the assets of the BUSINESS, for a price calculated by imputation of the purchase
                            price set forth in the Offer across such additional equity or assets;

                (3)         our credit will be deemed equal to the credit of any proposed purchaser;

                (4)         we are not required to honor or provide compensation for any post-closing employment
                            arrangement included in the Offer for any person that is not an Owner. For post-closing
                            employment arrangement(s) for any Owner, we are not required to honor such
                            arrangement(s). We will substitute cash for any such arrangement(s) to the extent not
                            honored, provided such arrangements are guaranteed;




FDD - 2025                                  PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 50                          PLANET FITNESS®
