               (5)      if and to the extent reasonably enforceable under applicable law, each of your Owners,
                        except for any Silent Investors, and your Approved Operator has executed an agreement
                        with you, of which we are a third-party beneficiary and may independently enforce,
                        providing that, for so long as each such person is an Owner or Approved Operator, and for
                        at least two (2) years after the Transfer of each such Owner’s ownership interests or the
                        termination of such person’s role with you (as applicable and with such time period to be
                        tolled by any violation thereof), such person will not, either directly or indirectly, compete
                        with you and your Affiliates. You have exercised reasonable efforts to sign such an
                        agreement, subject to applicable law, with your Franchisee Executives; and

               (6)      all certificates representing direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interests in you
                        now or hereafter issued bear a legend in conformity with applicable law reciting or referring
                        to the applicable restrictions on your activities, the competitive activities of your Owners,
                        and the issuance, transfer or pledge of ownership interests in you.

         2.2   DISCLOSURE OF OWNERSHIP INTERESTS; GUARANTY. You represent and warrant that
               the attached Appendix A and Appendix D (if applicable) are current, complete and accurate as of
               the Effective Date, in accordance with your internal governing documents (if you are an Entity) and
               any agreements among you, your Affiliates and/or your Owners. We do not have any responsibility
               to review such documents or agreements. We shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation
               related to any person having or claiming to have a right to any particular ownership interest in you.
               You shall indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims related to such matters. You agree that,
               subject to Article 13 requirements regarding proposed Transfers, any proposed updates to Appendix
               A and Appendix D will be furnished promptly to us, so that Appendix A and Appendix D (each as
               so amended) are at all times current, complete and accurate. If (a) an Affiliate Entity that we approve
               in our reasonable discretion maintains a majority interest in at least five (5) PLANET FITNESS
               Businesses which are open and operating; or (b) an Affiliate Entity that we approve in our reasonable
               discretion has a majority interest in PLANET FITNESS Businesses which collectively have
               maintained annual EFT revenues for at least two (2) consecutive years of at least One Million Two
               Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,200,000); such approved Affiliate Entity may sign Appendix
               B to this Agreement (Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations) in lieu of your Owners. Otherwise, each
               person who is or becomes an Owner of ten percent (10%) or more of an interest in you must sign
               Appendix B to this Agreement (Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations) undertaking to be bound
               jointly and severally by the terms of this Agreement. Each person who is or becomes an Owner,
               with the exception of Silent Investors, must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe,
               undertaking to be bound by the confidentiality and non-competition covenants contained in this
               Agreement, the current form of which as of the Effective Date is attached hereto as Appendix C.
               You will exercise reasonable efforts, subject to applicable law, to cause any person who becomes a
               Franchisee Executive to promptly sign either (i) Appendix C or (ii) another confidentiality and non-
               competition agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to us. In addition, if you have
               one or more Silent Investors, each Silent Investor must be listed on Appendix D, which is hereby
               incorporated by reference.

         2.3   RESPONSIBLE OWNER/MANAGEMENT OF BUSINESS. If you are, or at any time become,
               an Entity, you must designate in Appendix A as the “Responsible Owner” an individual approved
               by us in writing. Your Responsible Owner must be an Owner and must have the authority to, and
               must, in fact, actively direct your business affairs related to the BUSINESS. You represent and
               warrant that your Responsible Owner is the individual to whom we should provide notice under this
               Agreement, and, when signing on your behalf, has the authority to legally bind you with respect to
               all contracts, agreements and arrangements related to the BUSINESS. Your Responsible Owner
               must have completed to our satisfaction within the time period we specify our training program.
               You may request our approval of an operator that has completed our training program to our
               satisfaction (an “Approved Operator”) to whom you may delegate your obligations to develop and
               operate your BUSINESS. Such a request must be made in writing, and you must cooperate with us
               and provide all information we reasonably request to approve or reject the proposed individual. Such
               approval or rejection shall be within our sole discretion. If we approve an Approved Operator, you




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 9                         PLANET FITNESS®
