               (2)      offer to sell, or sell and distribute, any products or services under any tradenames,
                        trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through any distribution
                        channels or methods, which may include, without limitation, retail stores, wholesale, and
                        the Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce);

               (3)      operate, and grant to others the right to operate, fitness facilities, gyms, health related
                        establishments, and any other business(es) whatsoever identified by tradenames,
                        trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than the Marks, pursuant to such terms and
                        conditions as we deem appropriate which may include locations in close proximity to the
                        Location;

               (4)      develop or become associated with other concepts (including dual branding or other
                        franchise systems), whether or not using the PLANET FITNESS System, brand or Marks,
                        and award franchises under these other concepts for locations anywhere;

               (5)      acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any transaction with other
                        businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere or business
                        conducted anywhere. These transactions may include arrangements involving competing
                        businesses or outlets and dual branding or brand conversions. You must participate at your
                        expense in any conversion as instructed by us; and

               (6)      enter into agreements or arrangements with other companies or organizations by which we
                        offer memberships or other products and services to the personnel, customers or members
                        of such companies or organizations on commercially reasonable terms. Such terms may
                        include fees, pricing structures and reimbursement arrangements (including, but not limited
                        to, an administrative fee collected by us) that may be different from our then-current
                        membership offerings. You must participate in and honor the terms of such partnerships
                        upon being notified thereof. We will consult with the recognized franchisee association (or
                        the appropriate subcommittee thereof) on the structure of such partnerships.

4.       LOCATION SELECTION, LEASE OR PURCHASE OF LOCATION AND LOCATION
         DEVELOPMENT.

         4.1   LOCATION SELECTION AND APPROVAL. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility
               (with or without our assistance) to find and submit to us for our approval a site for your BUSINESS,
               if no Location has been approved by us at the time this Agreement is signed. You acknowledge and
               agree that our recommendation or approval of the Location, and any information regarding the
               Location communicated to you regarding our standard site selection criteria for PLANET
               FITNESS Businesses, do not constitute an endorsement or representation or warranty of any kind,
               express or implied, as to the suitability of the Location for a PLANET FITNESS Business or for
               any other purpose. Our recommendation or approval of the Location indicates only that we believe
               that the Location falls within the acceptable criteria for locations that we have established as of the
               time of our recommendation or approval of the Location. You acknowledge and agree that your
               selection of the Location is based on your own independent investigation of the suitability of the
               Location. We do not endorse any predictive analysis as to the potential viability, success or financial
               performance of the Location nor do we make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of
               any such predictive analysis or the accuracy of any underlying information on which such predictive
               analysis may be based. We have the right to grant or withhold approval of any proposed location in
               our business judgment.

         4.2   PURCHASE OR LEASE OF THE LOCATION. You must lease, sublease or purchase the
               Location within six (6) months after signing this Agreement. Your failure to lease, sublease or
               purchase the Location within the applicable timeframe constitutes an Event of Default under Article
               15.2 hereof and may result in the loss of your non-refundable Initial Franchise Fee. We have the
               right, but not the obligation, to review the terms of any Lease, and you agree to deliver a copy of
               any Lease to us for our review before you sign it. You agree that any Lease must, in form and




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 11                        PLANET FITNESS®
