Table of Contents
                                                           Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                             Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                                                (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)




(1) Business organization
Planet Fitness, Inc. (the “Company”), through its subsidiaries, is a franchisor and operator of fitness centers, with approximately 20.6 million members and
2,741 owned and franchised locations (referred to as clubs) in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada, Panama, Mexico, Australia and
Spain as of March 31, 2025.
The Company serves as the reporting entity for its various subsidiaries that operate three distinct lines of business:
•   Licensing and selling franchises under the Planet Fitness trade name;
•   Owning and operating fitness centers under the Planet Fitness trade name; and
•   Selling fitness-related equipment to franchisee-owned clubs.
In 2012 investment funds affiliated with TSG Consumer Partners, LLC (“TSG”), purchased interests in Pla-Fit Holdings.
The Company was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 16, 2015 for the purpose of facilitating an initial public offering (the “IPO”) and related
transactions in order to carry on the business of Pla-Fit Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (“Pla-Fit Holdings”). As of August 5, 2015, in connection with the
recapitalization transactions, the Company became the sole managing member and holder of 100% of the voting power of Pla-Fit Holdings. Pla-Fit Holdings
owns 100% of Planet Intermediate, LLC, which has no operations but is the 100% owner of Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC, a franchisor and operator of fitness
centers. With respect to the Company, Pla-Fit Holdings and Planet Intermediate, LLC, each entity owns nothing other than the respective entity below it in the
corporate structure and each entity has no other material operations.
The Company is a holding company whose principal asset is a controlling equity interest in the membership units (“Holdings Units”) in Pla-Fit Holdings. As
the sole managing member of Pla-Fit Holdings, the Company operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Pla-Fit Holdings, and through Pla-Fit
Holdings, conducts its business. As a result, the Company consolidates Pla-Fit Holdings’ financial results and reports a non-controlling interest related to the
portion of Holdings Units not owned by the Company.
As of March 31, 2025, the Company held 100.0% of the voting interest and approximately 99.6% of the economic interest in Pla-Fit Holdings and the owners
of Holdings Units other than the Company (the “Continuing LLC Owners”) held the remaining 0.4% economic interest in Pla-Fit Holdings. As future
exchanges of Holdings Units occur, the economic interest in Pla-Fit Holdings held by Planet Fitness, Inc. will increase.

(2) Summary of significant accounting policies
(a) Basis of presentation and consolidation
The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”). Accordingly, these interim financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete
financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the results
of operations, financial position and cash flows for the periods presented have been reflected. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.
The condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are unaudited. The condensed consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the disclosures required by
GAAP. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2025. The Company’s significant interim accounting policies include the proportional
recognition of national advertising fund expenses within interim periods. Operating results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2025.



                                                                                 10
