             “ADA” - Defined in Article 1.3.

             “Ad Fee” - Defined in Article 10.1.

             “Ad Fee Change Notice” - Defined in Article 10.1.

             “Adverse Action” – Defined in Article 18.6.

             “Affiliate” - Any person that directly or indirectly owns or controls the referenced party, which is
             directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the referenced party, or which is under common control
             with the referenced party. The term “control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
             to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an Entity, whether through
             ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

             “ALMP” - Defined in Article 10.2.

             “Annual Membership Accounting Period” - Each yearly period for each membership of the
             BUSINESS.

             “Annual Membership Billing Day(s)” – The day or days of the year that we designate that we or our
             authorized designee are authorized by you to withdraw via electronic funds transfer from the EFT
             Dues Draft, the Designated Account, or by such other means as we may designate or approve, all
             annual Royalty fees and other amounts then due to us under the terms of this Agreement.

             “Approved Operator” – Defined in Article 2.3.

             “Approved Supplier” - Any supplier, including us, an Affiliate of ours or an independent third party,
             whom we authorize to act as a supplier of services or goods to PLANET FITNESS Businesses.

              “Black Card” – Our then-current black card membership in effect from time to time as described in
             the Operations Manual.

             “BUSINESS” - The PLANET FITNESS Business operated by you at the Location under the terms
             of this Agreement.

             “Business Commencement Date” – The date on which the Location is first open to members for
             business, excluding pre-sale marketing and other similar pre-opening activities.

             “Business Data” – Defined in Article 11.4.

             “Business Day” - A day on which the banks are open for business, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and
             public holidays, in New York, New York.

             “Business Information” – Defined in Article 8.2.

             “Capital Modifications” – Defined in Article 9.2.

             “Classic” – Our then-current classic membership in effect from time to time as described in the
             Operations Manual.

             “Competitive Activities” – Defined in Article 16.6.

             “Competitive Business” - Any business or other venture offering fitness, exercise, or athletic services
             (other than as a non-material part of its offering), including, but not limited to, a health club, gym,
             physical fitness club, personal training studio, weight loss, weight training or resistance training




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 2                        PLANET FITNESS®
