                           (d)      suspend all services provided to you hereunder, including, but not limited to,
                                    furnishing to you or permitting use of any advertising or promotional materials,
                                    providing ongoing advice about the operation of the BUSINESS, and reviewing
                                    your requests to approve a new supplier;

                           (e)      suspend your access to our technology systems or any software that we or our
                                    Affiliates own, maintain or license to you;

                           (f)      refuse to permit you (or any of your Affiliates) to enter into a new franchise
                                    agreement for a PLANET FITNESS Business at any other location;

                           (g)      require you, at your own expense, to engage a third-party training company
                                    previously approved by us; and

                           (h)      remove content and online join functionality regarding your BUSINESS from our
                                    Internet websites, intranet systems, mobile applications, and/or any other digital
                                    platform.

                     (3)         Effect of Alternative Remedies. The alternatives to termination described in Article
                                 15.5(2) shall only apply until such time as you have cured the applicable Event of
                                 Default. You shall hold us harmless with respect to any action we take pursuant to
                                 Article 15.5(2); and you agree that we shall not be liable for any loss, expense, or
                                 damage you incur because of any action we take pursuant to Article 15.5(2). Nothing
                                 in Article 15.5(2) constitutes a waiver of any of our rights or remedies under this
                                 Agreement or any other agreement between us and you, including the right to
                                 terminate this Agreement. You agree that our exercise of our rights pursuant to
                                 Article 15.5(2) shall not be deemed an actual or constructive termination of this
                                 Agreement or of any other agreement between us and you, and shall not be deemed
                                 a breach of any provision of this Agreement. We may, in our business judgment,
                                 reinstate any services or benefits removed, curtailed, or limited pursuant to Article
                                 15.5(2), and you agree to accept immediately any such reinstatement of services or
                                 benefits so removed, curtailed, or limited. If we limit any services or benefits under
                                 Article 15.5(2), you shall continue to pay timely all fees and payments required under
                                 this Agreement and any other agreement between us and you, including any fees
                                 associated with services or benefits limited by us. You shall have no right to a refund
                                 of any fees paid in advance for such services or benefits nor shall we have any
                                 obligation to “make-up” any services or benefits.

                     (4)         Exercise of Remedies. We may exercise the remedies set forth in this Article 15.5 by
                                 written notice to you (a “Remedy Notice”) for an Event of Default listed in Article
                                 15.2. We may deliver the Remedy Notice (i) for an incurable Event of Default,
                                 immediately upon such default or at any time thereafter or (ii) for a curable Event of
                                 Default, after the expiration of the applicable cure period without cure. The Remedy
                                 Notice shall specify the applicable default, your failure to cure it, if applicable, and
                                 any remedies we are then exercising. With respect to the Events of Default listed in
                                 Article 15.2(1), termination of this Agreement shall be automatically effective
                                 immediately upon such Event of Default, without the need for prior or concurrent
                                 notice to you.

         15.6   OUR RIGHT TO OPERATE THE BUSINESS. In the event of an incurable Event of Default or
                a curable Event of Default that remains uncured upon the expiration of the applicable cure period,
                we have the right, without the obligation, and without waiving our right to terminate this Agreement,
                to assume the operation of the BUSINESS for such length of time as we determine in our business
                judgment. You authorize us or our designee to operate the BUSINESS for so long as we deem
                necessary and practical, and without waiver of any other rights or remedies we may have under this
                Agreement. You shall be responsible for all expenses of the BUSINESS during such period of




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 60                        PLANET FITNESS®
