that LuxUrban had entered agreements as a result of material representations and omissions. The
plaintiff seeks to recover damages of unspecified amounts. The case is currently in discovery.

        Prior Actions:

        1.       Jonathan Hayes and Katherine Hayes, et al. v. Planet Fitness Center Salem Trust;
Planet Fitness Asset Co, LLC; Planet Fitness Franchising, LLC; Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC;
and Planet Fitness, Inc., Civil Action No. 2077-CV-00235B, Superior Court, Essex County,
Massachusetts. On February 25, 2020, Planet Fitness member Katherine Hayes and her husband
Jonathan Hayes filed a putative class action alleging the membership agreement Hayes signed
contains unlawful terms in the form of a release of claims. Plaintiffs allege a violation of the
Massachusetts Consumer Protection Law, unjust enrichment and negligent misrepresentation.
Plaintiffs seek damages, injunctive relief, and declaratory relief. The parties filed cross motions
for summary judgment on October 14, 2020, and a hearing was held on March 9, 2021. On June
18, 2021, the Court partially denied Planet Fitness’s motion for summary judgment and granted
the plaintiffs’ motion for declaratory judgment, finding that the membership agreement is void
because it included language that violates the Massachusetts Health Club Act and the
Massachusetts Consumer Protection Law. The Court allowed Planet Fitness’s motion for
summary judgment on plaintiffs’ unjust enrichment claim but denied Planet Fitness’s motion as to
plaintiffs’ negligent misrepresentation claim. On December 14, 2021, the Court allowed plaintiff’s
motion to amend their complaint to add ABC Financial Services, Inc. as a defendant. On April
18, 2024, Planet Fitness served a motion for summary judgment while plaintiffs served a motion
for class certification. A hearing on those motions was held on May 7, 2024. On October 7, 2024,
the Court issued a decision granting the Planet Fitness parties’ motion for summary judgment and
denying the plaintiff’s motion for class certification.

        2.      Planet Fitness International Franchise v. JEG-United, LLC and Ray Miolla; Civil
Action No. 1:20-cv-00693, United States District Court, District of New Hampshire. On June 10,
2020, our affiliate International Franchise commenced an action against JEG-United, LLC (“JEG”)
to require JEG to satisfy its obligations to sell its Planet Fitness locations in Mexico to International
Franchise pursuant to a letter agreement entered into by the parties in March 2019 (the “Letter
Agreement”). Under the Letter Agreement JEG was given the option to require International
Franchise to purchase at book value the Planet Fitness locations it had developed in Mexico. JEG
exercised that right on March 19, 2020. A dispute arose between the parties regarding the book
value of the locations and the transaction did not close. International Franchise filed a complaint
seeking a declaratory judgment requiring JEG to sell the Planet Fitness locations at book value in
accordance with the Letter Agreement and asserting a breach of contract claim against JEG. On
June 19, 2020, International Franchise filed an amended complaint reflecting further attempts to
close the transaction. On June 29, 2020, JEG filed its answer to the amended complaint asserting
various defenses and various counterclaims against International Franchise and Ray Miolla, the
former Chief Development Officer of our affiliate Pla-Fit Franchise, LLC. JEG asserted a breach
of contract claim against International Franchise alleging that International Franchise’s failure to
purchase the locations resulted in a breach of the Letter Agreement and a breach of the implied
covenant of good faith performance and fair dealing due to International Franchise’s alleged
refusal to negotiate in good faith the terms of an area development agreement. JEG also asserted
against International Franchise and Mr. Miolla a claim for tortious interference with contractual
and prospective business relationships and violation of the New Hampshire Consumer Protection

FDD – September 2025                                                                PLANET FITNESS®
                                                   10
