              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


       E.     Benefits. The Co-op and/or the Manager will have the right to deny benefits of
cooperative advertising, to the extent that either deems fit, to any Member that is not a Member
in Good Standing.

Section IV -- Local Advertising Fund; Interest; Reports

         A.      Contribution Amount. Each Member shall be required to contribute funds to the
Co-op (the “Contribution Requirement”). The Contribution Requirement for each Member shall
initially be set at [seventy percent (70%)] of each Member’s monthly Local Advertising Funds          PFHQ best and recommended practice is to set the Contribution
                                                                                                      Requirement at 70% of each member's LAF requirement.
spending requirement under the Member’s Franchise Agreement. Any changes to the                       Alternative Contribution Requirements require PFHQ approval.
Contribution Requirement require a Majority Vote and Franchisor approval.

         The Manager shall have the authority to charge late fees and/or interest on behalf of the
Co-op if a Member does not satisfy the Contribution Requirement or pay its media invoices
when due. Late fees and interest, if any, shall be uniform for all Members, shall be paid within
thirty (30) days of assessment, and are nonrefundable.

       No Member may be required to contribute more than as provided under such Member’s
Franchise Agreement unless that Member voted in favor of such contribution.

        B.      Reports and Information. Each Member shall timely submit to the Co-op
and/or the Manager such statements, reports, and other information as the Manager reasonably
requests to carry out the activities set forth in or required by these Bylaws. The Members
authorize Franchisor to provide such information to the Co-op as the Manager reasonably
requests to carry out the activities set forth in or required by these Bylaws.

      C.      Billing. The Manager shall coordinate the billing and collection of funds from
Members and shall execute any billing procedures required by Franchisor, which may, for
example, require billing at the Co-op level.

Section V -- Meetings; Election of Manager

       A.       Annual Meetings. Representatives and the Manager shall meet at least once
annually, at a date and time specified by the Manager, to discuss the proposed Marketing Plan
and other matters of the Co-op. Annual Meetings may be held in person, online, or by phone.

        B.     Special Meetings. The Manager may call a Special Meeting of Representatives
at any time. The Manager shall call for a Special Meeting of Representatives upon receiving a
written request from a majority of the Members in Good Standing, from any Member with
Franchisor’s approval or from Franchisor. Special Meetings may be held in person, online, or by
phone.

        C.     Notice. Notice of all meetings (including the place of the meeting, conference
call number or digital access information, as applicable) shall be issued by the Manager and shall
be transmitted to all Members (email to the applicable Representatives is sufficient) and
Franchisor (e-mail to Franchisor’s representative is sufficient) at least fourteen (14) days before
the meeting, unless circumstances, as reasonably determined by the Manager, require a shorter


                                                 4
