Table of Contents
                                                            Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



selling, general and administrative expenses and totaled $330, $2,514 and $3,103 for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See
Note 3 for discussion of the NAFs.

(o) Goodwill, long-lived assets, and other intangible assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets that arise from acquisitions are recorded in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations and ASC Topic 350,
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other. In accordance with this guidance, specifically identified intangible assets must be recorded as a separate asset from goodwill
if either of the following two criteria is met: (1) the intangible asset acquired arises from contractual or other legal rights; or (2) the intangible asset is
separable. Intangibles are typically trade and brand names, customer relationships, and reacquired franchise rights. Transactions are evaluated to determine
whether any gain or loss on reacquired franchise rights, based on their fair value, should be recognized separately from identified intangibles. Goodwill is the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in a business combination.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if impairment indicators arise.
Separable intangible assets that are not deemed to have an indefinite life are amortized over their estimated useful lives on either a straight-line or accelerated
basis as deemed appropriate, and are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances suggest that the assets may not be recoverable.
The Company performs its annual impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets on December 1 of each year. For goodwill, the
annual impairment assessment begins with a qualitative assessment, where qualitative factors and their impact on critical inputs are assessed to determine
whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company determines that a reporting unit has an
indication of impairment based on the qualitative assessment, it is required to perform a quantitative assessment.
For indefinite lived intangible assets, the annual impairment assessment consists of comparing the carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value. To the
extent that the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, an impairment is recorded to reduce the carrying value to its fair value. The Company is also
permitted to make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not an indefinite lived intangible asset’s fair value is less than its carrying value
prior to applying the quantitative assessment. If based on the Company’s qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the carrying value of the asset
is less than its fair value, then a quantitative assessment is not required.
During the periods presented, the Company did not need to proceed beyond the qualitative analysis for its goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets, and
determined that no impairment charges were required.
The Company applies the provisions of ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, which requires that long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible
assets and ROU assets, be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for impairment, then assets are required to be grouped and evaluated at the
lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset or asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
There were no long-lived assets that were impaired during any of the periods presented.

(p) Income taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the expected future tax consequences
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amount of the existing tax assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be applied in the years in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The
principal items giving rise to temporary differences are the use of accelerated depreciation and certain basis differences resulting from acquisitions and the
recapitalization transactions. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
Planet Fitness, Inc. is the sole managing member of Pla-Fit Holdings, which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local
income tax purposes. As a partnership, Pla-Fit Holdings is not subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss
generated by Pla-Fit Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its members, including Planet Fitness, Inc. following the
recapitalization transactions, on a pro rata



                                                                                 73
