Act. These claims are based in whole or in part on International Franchise’s and Mr. Miolla’s
alleged interference with JEG’s contractual relationship with a retailer in Mexico, International
Franchise’s alleged interference with JEG’s efforts to purchase various gyms in Mexico, and
International Franchise’s alleged interference with JEG’s efforts to sell their Mexico operations to
a third party. This matter was settled on October 23, 2023. Under the settlement terms, our affiliate
agreed to repurchase the Planet Fitness franchises operated by JEG in Mexico, and JEG granted a
release of all claims.

        3.      Conway v. Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC et al., Civil Action No. 2013-756,
Superior Court, Essex County, Massachusetts. On May 10, 2013, the former CFO of Pla-Fit
Franchise, Jayne Conway (“Conway”), filed a civil complaint for an unspecified sum against Pla-
Fit Franchise and Holdings (collectively, “Planet Fitness”), and certain owners and officers of
Planet Fitness, including Michael Grondahl (individually, and as a trustee of the Michael A.
Grondahl Revocable Trust of 2006), Marc Grondahl (individually, and as a trustee of the Marc
Grondahl Revocable Trust of 2006), Christopher Rondeau (individually, and as a trustee of the
Christopher J. Rondeau Revocable Trust of 2006), and Richard Moore (collectively,
“Defendants”). None of these individuals remain with Planet Fitness. In her Complaint, Conway
alleged that Defendants withheld information, and/or made misrepresentations to her, about the
status and value of her ownership interests in Planet Fitness in the course of negotiating and
finalizing her separation and settlement agreement with Planet Fitness. Conway asserted claims
for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing.
On June 23, 2022, the court entered a final judgment in favor of Conway in the amount of
$8,826,394.20.

        4.      Scenic Investments Colorado Fitness, LLC v. Pla-Fit Franchise, LLC: American
Arbitration Association, Case No. 01-17-0002-6156. On May 4, 2017, Scenic Investments
Colorado Fitness, LLC (“Scenic”) filed a Demand for Arbitration of claims arising out of the
termination of their Area Development Agreement with Pla-Fit Franchise. Pla-Fit Franchise had
terminated Scenic’s Area Development Agreement after Scenic failed to meet the development
schedule required in its Area Development Agreement. Scenic alleged that Pla-Fit Franchise
terminated the Area Development Agreement in an effort to give Scenic’s territory to another
franchisee. Scenic alleged breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
tortious interference with a contract, and civil conspiracy based on its contention that the
termination was not justified. This matter was settled on August 10, 2018. Under the settlement
terms, we repurchased four franchises operated by Scenic, and Scenic granted a release of all
claims.

       Governmental Actions:

        1.      In re: Planet Fitness Holdings, LLC, Pla-Fit Franchise, LLC, and Planet Fitness
NAF, LLC, Assurance No. 15-182. In the spring of 2013, the New York Office of the Attorney
General (OAG) alleged that certain references to “free” or “unlimited” in Planet Fitness advertising
constituted a deceptive practice under New York law, and alleged that seven of the approximately
eighty independently owned and operated PLANET FITNESS franchise locations in New York at
that time had violated certain state laws related to indoor tanning by failing to post signage, provide
certain paperwork, and provide protective eyewear. In a November 17, 2015 settlement agreement
between the OAG and Pla-Fit Franchise and the named affiliates, it was agreed that Pla-Fit

FDD – September 2025                                                              PLANET FITNESS®
                                                  11
