                (3)      you have given us a copy of your Lease, which includes Appendix E hereof and has been
                         approved in advance in writing by us;

                (4)      the Initial Franchise Fee and all other amounts then due to us have been paid;

                (5)      you have established your Designated Account (as defined below);

                (6)      you have conducted Pre-Sale for the minimum time period set forth in Article 4.6 hereof,
                         unless we otherwise approve, and have complied in all material respects with your
                         approved Pre-Sale Marketing Plan and the Pre-Sale requirements in our Operations
                         Manual;

                (7)      we have approved your Grand Opening Marketing Plan;

                (8)      we have been furnished with copies of all insurance policies required by this Agreement,
                         or such other evidence of insurance coverage and payment of premiums as we request or
                         accept; and

                (9)      you have obtained all required permits, licenses and certifications for operating the
                         BUSINESS, and the Location is in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and
                         regulations.

         4.8    BUSINESS COMMENCEMENT DEADLINE. The Business Commencement Date must occur
                within three hundred and sixty (360) days after the execution of this Agreement, or, in the case of a
                ground-up build, four hundred and eighty (480) days after the execution of this Agreement, and, in
                either case, within five (5) days after we notify you that the conditions set forth in this Article
                regarding opening have been satisfied.

         4.9    OPENING ASSISTANCE. If you (or any of your Affiliates) have not previously owned or
                operated a PLANET FITNESS Business, we may provide you with such opening operational
                assistance as we deem appropriate to assist you in starting your operations, including on-site opening
                assistance for not more than five (5) days, as scheduled by us. We also may offer additional opening
                assistance for a fee.

         4.10   RELOCATIONS. You must comply with all requirements of this Article 4 with respect to the
                acquisition and development of an approved Relocation site, provided, however, that (a) the time
                periods for acquiring the site, commencing and completing construction and commencing
                BUSINESS operations will not apply, and (b) you will not be required to conduct a Pre-Sale or
                develop or execute a Pre-Sale Marketing Plan or a Grand Opening Marketing Plan. You may use
                the Marks and the System at an approved Relocation site in compliance with this Agreement to the
                extent necessary to develop the Relocation site and advertise the Relocation. You must advertise the
                Relocation as set forth in Article 10.2(3) hereof. You must comply with all applicable closure
                requirements set forth in Article 16.2 hereof with respect to the existing Location, including, but not
                limited to the de-branding of the existing Location and any furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signs,
                inventory or other items not being relocated to the Relocation site. You may not open the
                BUSINESS to members at the new Location without our written approval to do so, which we may
                withhold if you have not complied with all applicable requirements, and until this Agreement has
                been amended to reflect the new Location of the BUSINESS.

         4.11   NOTICE OF DEFICIENCIES. If you believe we have failed to adequately provide any services
                required to be provided to you in regard to the training, support or any other matter affecting the
                establishment of the BUSINESS, you shall so notify us in writing within ninety (90) days following
                opening of the BUSINESS. Absent the timely provision of such notice to us, you shall be deemed
                to conclusively acknowledge that all pre-opening and opening services required to be performed by
                us were sufficient and satisfactory in your judgment.




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 15                        PLANET FITNESS®
