                                                 APPENDIX C
                                          TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                              PERSONAL COVENANTS REGARDING
                          CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-COMPETITION
                (OWNER(S), APPROVED OPERATOR AND FRANCHISEE EXECUTIVES)

In conjunction with your role in ________________ (“Franchisee”), you the undersigned, on a several and not joint
basis, acknowledge and agree as follows:

1.       Franchisee owns and operates, or is developing, a PLANET FITNESS business (the “Business”) located or
         to be located at ___________________ (the “Location”) pursuant to a franchise agreement (the “Franchise
         Agreement”) with Planet Fitness Franchising LLC (“we”, “us” or “our”). The Franchise Agreement requires
         persons with legal or beneficial ownership interests in Franchisee, the Approved Operator (as defined in the
         Franchise Agreement), and, if applicable, any Franchisee Executives (as defined in the Franchise Agreement)
         to be personally bound by confidentiality and noncompetition covenants under certain circumstances. All
         capitalized terms contained herein shall have the same meaning set forth in the Franchise Agreement.

2.       You own or intend to own a legal or beneficial ownership interest in Franchisee, you have been designated
         an Approved Operator of Franchisee, or you are a Franchisee Executive. You acknowledge and agree that
         your execution of this Personal Covenants Regarding Confidentiality and Non-Competition (this
         “Agreement”) is a condition to such ownership interest, such designation, or such role in the Business, as
         applicable, to our issuance of the Franchise Agreement to Franchisee and your access to our Confidential
         Information (as defined in the Franchise Agreement), which constitutes good and valuable consideration for
         your execution of this Agreement. We may enforce this Agreement directly against you.

3.       If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity, all persons who have a legal
         or beneficial interest in you must also execute this Agreement.

4.       You may gain access to parts of our Confidential Information as a result of your role with or investment in
         Franchisee. The Confidential Information is proprietary and includes our trade secrets. Any Confidential
         Information you receive shall be subject to the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and any other
         limitations that we may impose in writing from time-to-time, and you agree to abide by such limitations.
         You hereby agree that while you have a management role or legal or beneficial ownership interest in
         Franchisee and thereafter you: (a) will not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity
         (such use being an unfair method of competition) or in any manner not expressly authorized by us; (b) will
         strictly maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (c) will not make unauthorized copies
         of any portion of the Confidential Information disclosed in written, electronic or other form; (d) will exercise
         your best efforts, including the implementation of all reasonable procedures we prescribe from time to time,
         to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information; and (e) as applicable, will disclose
         the Confidential Information to your officers, directors, employees and other personnel, only to the extent
         necessary to fulfill your obligations under this Agreement. You must also maintain the confidentiality of all
         Business Information (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) and may not use such information for purposes
         unrelated to Franchisee’s or its affiliates’ PLANET FITNESS businesses or status as PLANET FITNESS
         franchisees or in a manner prohibited by their agreements with us and our affiliates. You acknowledge you
         are aware that (i) the Confidential Information and Business Information may relate to publicly traded
         securities, and (ii) the restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws restrict trading in securities while in
         possession of material non-public information and on communication of such information when it is
         reasonably foreseeable that the recipient is likely to trade such securities in reliance on such information.
         You agree not to trade, either directly or through other persons or entities, based on Confidential Information
         or Business Information in a manner that would violate the securities law of any applicable jurisdiction
         including, without limitation, the United States securities laws. When there are no longer any PLANET
         FITNESS businesses in which you have an interest or management role, you must: (a) coordinate the de-
         activation of your access to the Designated Franchise Portal and any other software, computer systems and
         electronic mailing lists, containing Confidential Information, and (b) upon our request or in accordance with
         such procedures as we may specify in the Operations Manual, destroy or deliver to us all Confidential




FDD - 2025                            PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - Appendix C-1                     PLANET FITNESS®
