                                 ACKNOWLEDGMENT ADDENDUM TO
                            THE PLANET FITNESS┬« FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

If you are a resident of the State of California or your franchise is located in California you are not required to
sign this Acknowledgement Addendum. If any California franchisee completes this Acknowledgment Addendum,
it is against California public policy and will be void and unenforceable, and we will destroy, disregard, and will
not rely on such Acknowledgement Addendum.

Do not sign this Acknowledgment Addendum if you are a resident of Maryland or if the franchise is to be operated
in Maryland.

As you know, you and we are entering into a Franchise Agreement for the operation of a PLANET FITNESS franchise.
Please review each of the following questions carefully and provide honest responses to each question.

Acknowledgments and Representations*.
1.       Did you receive a copy of our Disclosure Document (and all exhibits and attachments) at least fourteen (14)
         calendar days prior to signing the Franchise Agreement or payment of any consideration? Check one: ’ü» Yes.
         ’ü» No.

2.       Have you reviewed carefully our Disclosure Document and Franchise Agreement? Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü»
         No.

3.       Is the name, address and phone number of any broker and each of our employees or representatives who was
         involved in offering you this franchise listed on the Disclosure Document receipt you signed (or on any
         updated receipt we provided to you)? Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü» No.

4.       Do you understand that the success or failure of your business will depend in large part on your skills and
         experience, your business acumen, your location, the local market for products, interest rates, the economy,
         inflation, the number of employees you hire and their compensation, competition and other economic and
         business factors? Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü» No.

5.       Do you understand that the franchise granted is for the right to operate a single PLANET FITNESS fitness
         facility at the authorized location only and includes no exclusive area or protected territory, and that we and
         our Affiliates may have the right to issue franchises or operate competing businesses for or at locations, as
         we determine, near your authorized location? Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü» No.

6.       Do you understand that you will be bound by the non-compete covenants (both in-term and post-term) listed
         in Article 16 and that an injunction is an appropriate remedy to protect the interests of the PLANET
         FITNESS system if you violate the covenant(s)? Further, do you understand that the term ŌĆ£youŌĆØ for purposes
         of the non-compete covenants is defined broadly in Article 16, such that any actions in violation of the
         covenants by those holding any interest in the franchisee entity may result in an injunction, default and
         termination of the Franchise Agreement?     Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü» No.

7.       Do you understand that any changes to the current economic and financial situation could have a negative
         impact on the fitness industry, the PLANET FITNESS franchise system and your business? Do you also
         understand that the economic situation may worsen? Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü» No.

If you answered ŌĆ£NoŌĆØ to questions 1-7, please explain (attached additional sheets if necessary):




8.       Was any oral, written or visual claim or representation made to you that contradicted the disclosures in the
         Disclosure Document? Check one: ’ü» Yes. ’ü» No.




FDD - 2025                    PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - Acknowledgement Addendum-1            PLANET FITNESS┬«
