                                                Planet Fitness Franchising LLC
                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    (Amounts in thousands)



(1) Nature of business and summary of significant accounting policies

(a) Organization
Planet Fitness Franchising LLC (the “Company” or “Franchisor”), is a Delaware limited liability company. The Company is a
direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Planet Fitness Master Issuer LLC (the “Master Issuer” or "Parent"), a Delaware limited
liability company, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the holding company guarantor Planet Fitness SPV Guarantor LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the “Holding Company Guarantor”) which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Planet Fitness
Holdings, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company (“Planet Fitness”), whose ultimate parent company is Planet
Fitness, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The Company was formed on June 13, 2018 ("Inception") in connection with a
contemplated financing (the “Securitization Transaction”) which was completed on August 1, 2018 (the “Closing Date”),
primarily to serve as the franchisor of Planet Fitness stores in the United States ("U.S."). On the Closing Date, Planet Fitness
contributed to the Company substantially all of the franchise business revenue generating assets, net of related liabilities. See
“Business and Operations” below and Note 2 for further information.

(b) Business Operations
On the Closing Date, Planet Fitness contributed to the Company all the franchise agreements, area development agreements
(“ADAs”), related agreements and preferred vendor contracts and associated commissions with respect to Planet Fitness stores
in the U.S. In addition, Planet Fitness contributed to the Company certain intellectual property (the “Securitization IP”),
consisting of substantially all of the existing and after-acquired U.S. and Canadian intellectual property and all future U.S. and
Canadian licensing fees. Following the Closing Date, the Company serves as franchisor of the Planet Fitness brand and owns
(1) new and existing U.S. franchise agreements and all franchisee-based revenue, excluding payments related to the National
Advertising Fund (“NAF”), related thereto; (2) new and existing U.S. ADAs and all franchising receipts related thereto; (3) all
rights to enter into new franchising agreements in the U.S.; (4) all rights to enter into new revenue-generating preferred vendor
contracts in the U.S.; (5) all online join fees, payment processor rebates and similar revenues; and (6) rights to all the licensing
fees and other fees related to the Securitization IP.
Pursuant to a management agreement between certain limited-purpose, bankruptcy remote, wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries
of Planet Fitness that act as guarantors (the "Guarantors"), (which includes the Company), and the Master Issuer (collectively,
the “Securitization Entities”) with Planet Fitness and the indentured trustee (the “Management Agreement”), Planet Fitness
serves as the manager (the “Manager”) of the development, franchising and support of Planet Fitness stores. The primary
responsibility of the Manager under the Management Agreement is to administer collection and otherwise manage the pledged
assets on behalf of the Securitization Entities, and to perform certain franchising, marketing, intellectual property, operational
and reporting services on behalf of the Securitization Entities. This includes causing the Company to enter into new franchise
arrangements and providing pre-opening and ongoing support services for franchisees. All revenues generated by the franchise
arrangements are recorded by the Company and when collected are deposited into accounts held in the name of the Company.
In exchange for providing its services, Planet Fitness receives management fees from Master Issuer on behalf of all of Master
Issuer’s subsidiaries, including the Company. Pursuant to the current Management Agreement beginning February 10, 2022, the
Securitization Entities are obligated to pay a total annual fee to the Manager in an amount equal to the sum of (i) $20,000 (ii)
$18 for every securitized franchisee-owned Planet Fitness store open and (iii) $40 for every securitized corporate-owned Planet
Fitness store open. Prior to February 10, 2022, pursuant to the previous Management Agreement, the Securitization Entities
were obligated to pay a total annual fee to the Manager in an amount equal to the sum of (i) $15,000 (ii) $20 for every
securitized franchisee-owned Planet Fitness store open and (iii) $40 for every securitized corporate-owned Planet Fitness store
open. The portion of the management fees that is variable based upon the number of open franchisee-owned Planet Fitness
stores has been allocated to Franchisor, because it is directly attributable to franchisee-owned store count. The portion of the
overall management fee that is fixed in nature and the portion that is attributable to corporate-owned stores have not been
allocated to Franchisor as there is no reasonable basis for such an allocation.
Planet Fitness, Inc. is a public company and files periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)
as required by the rules of the SEC. Consolidated financial information of Planet Fitness, Inc. as of December 31, 2023 and
December 31, 2022 and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 is available in Planet Fitness, Inc.’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC.




                                                                 7
