Table of Contents



ITEM 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the related notes included in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the related notes contained in the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2025. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to the
“Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Planet Fitness, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

Overview
We are one of the largest and fastest-growing franchisors and operators of fitness centers in the world by number of members and locations, with a highly
recognized national brand. Our mission is to enhance people’s lives by providing a high-quality fitness experience in a welcoming, non-intimidating
environment, which we call the Judgement Free Zone. Our bright, clean clubs are typically 20,000 square feet, with a large selection of high-quality, purple and
yellow Planet Fitness-branded cardio, circuit- and strength equipment and friendly staff trainers who offer unlimited free fitness instruction to all our members
in small groups. We offer this differentiated fitness experience starting at only $15 per month to new members for our standard Classic Card membership. This
attractive value proposition is designed to appeal to a broad population, inclusive of all fitness levels from beginners to athletes. We and our franchisees
fiercely protect Planet Fitness’ community atmosphere—a place where you do not need to be fit before joining and where progress toward achieving your
fitness goals (big or small) is supported and applauded by our staff and fellow members.
As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately 20.6 million members and 2,741 clubs in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada, Panama,
Mexico, Australia and Spain. Of our 2,741 clubs, 2,461 are franchised and 280 are corporate-owned.
As of March 31, 2025, we had contractual commitments to open approximately 900 new clubs.
Our segments
We operate and manage our business in three business segments: Franchise, Corporate-owned clubs and Equipment. Our Franchise segment includes
operations related to our franchising business in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Panama, Mexico and Australia, as well as revenues and expenses of
the NAFs. Our Corporate-owned clubs segment includes operations with respect to all corporate-owned clubs throughout the U.S., Canada, and Spain. The
Equipment segment includes the sale of equipment to franchisee-owned clubs in the U.S., Canada and Mexico.
We evaluate the performance of our segments and allocate resources to them based on revenue and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, referred to as Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Revenue and Segment Adjusted EBITDA for all operating segments include only transactions with
unaffiliated customers and do not include intersegment transactions.
Segment Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain non-cash and other
items that the Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) does not consider in her evaluation of ongoing performance of the segment’s core operations. For
additional information, see Note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
The following table summarizes revenue and Adjusted EBITDA broken out by our segments:



                                                                               25
