                     above, we, our parents, subsidiaries, and our affiliates will not operate or license or franchise third
                     parties to operate a PLANET FITNESS Business physically located within the Development
                     Area, except as provided below.

                  2.2.1     An Excluded Business may be relocated to another location in the Development Area as
long as the new location is in close proximity to and in the same trade area as the previous location, as determined by
us in our reasonable discretion.

                    2.2.2    We may enter into commercially reasonable agreements or arrangements with other
companies or organizations for the development and operation of PLANET FITNESS Businesses (“Non-traditional
Businesses”) (i) physically located within airports, military installations (including their adjacent housing and support
areas), hotels, resorts, universities and schools, corporate offices, housing complexes, and similar locations within the
Development Area (“Non-traditional Locations”) and (ii) intended to primarily serve individuals associated with the
Non-traditional Location (e.g., guests, students, patrons, employees, personnel, residents, or members). Depending on
the nature and scope of the Non-traditional Business agreement or arrangement, we may grant the right to develop the
Non-traditional Business to the owner or operator of the Non-traditional Location. However, if and to the extent it is
commercially reasonable to do so, we will provide you the right and option, through written notice to develop such
Non-traditional Business on the business terms proposed for the agreement or arrangement we propose to enter into
(the “Non-traditional Notice”). You or an affiliate we approve shall have sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of
our Non-traditional Notice to enter into a franchise agreement for such Non-traditional Business. If you or such affiliate
fails to enter into any such franchise agreement within such time period, then your right of first refusal with respect to
the Non-traditional Business(es) described in the Non-traditional Notice shall expire and be of no force or effect and
we, our parents, subsidiaries, and our affiliates may develop and operate, or grant others the right to develop and
operate, the Non-traditional Businesses described in the Non-traditional Notice. Your establishment and operation of
a Non-traditional Business shall not count towards the number of PLANET FITNESS Businesses required for
development under your Development Schedule.

                   2.2.3   We and our affiliates may operate, and grant to others the right to operate, PLANET
FITNESS Businesses at any locations within the Development Area where your or your affiliates’ rights to operate a
PLANET FITNESS Business have been terminated due to your or their material breach of a Franchise Agreement
with us, other than an Excluded Default (defined below).

                   2.2.4    We and our affiliates may acquire the right to franchise one or more other brands which
may have locations in the Development Area. We may permit or require franchisees or licensees of these acquired
brands to convert those locations to the PLANET FITNESS System, brand or Marks. We may also permit these other
locations to continue to operate under another name, as we may determine. We may issue franchises to existing
franchisees or licensees of the acquired brand to operate converted locations as PLANET FITNESS Businesses and
to honor contractual commitments to such franchisees or licensees that we assume.

                  2.2.5     We have the right to engage in a Multi-Territory Acquisition (as defined below) in the
Development Area, subject to your participation rights described below. We will provide you the right and option,
through written notice, to participate in a Multi-Territory Acquisition in the Development Area on the business terms
we propose (the “Acquisition Notice”). You or an affiliate we approve shall have thirty (30) days from your receipt of
our Acquisition Notice to enter into a binding commitment with us to participate in the Multi-Territory Acquisition in
the Development Area on such terms. If (a) you or such affiliate do not do so within such time period and (b) area
developers holding development rights in development areas in which at least sixty-six percent (66%) of the target
businesses are located commit to participate in the Multi-Territory Acquisition, then your right to participate in the
Multi-Territory Acquisition described in the Acquisition Notice shall terminate and be of no force or effect. In such
case, we and any other parties we determine may participate in, or grant others the right to participate in, the Multi-
Territory Acquisition in the Development Area described in the Acquisition Notice and we and these parties may
develop and/or convert and operate as PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the Development Area the businesses or
locations acquired in the Multi-Territory Acquisition. A “Multi-Territory Acquisition” means an opportunity to acquire
(a) other businesses and convert them into PLANET FITNESS businesses or (b) leasehold rights and develop
PLANET FITNESS businesses pursuant to such rights, that, in each case, includes target locations in the
Development Area, as well as in the development areas of other franchisees not affiliated with you. Multi-Territory
Acquisitions do not include the acquisition of franchise rights (which are covered by Article 2.2.4). If there are target




FDD - 2025                                      #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 4                            PLANET FITNESS®
