         different terms than our current form of Franchise Agreement, including, but not limited to, a higher Royalty
         Rate, higher fees, or additional requirements or restrictions. You acknowledge and agree that Franchise
         Agreements are granted by us only (a) if you or your affiliates do not have any uncured defaults under
         Franchise Agreements with us, other than Excluded Defaults (as defined below), (b) after your submission
         of a formal application on our then-current application form supplying all information requested thereon, and
         (c) after our review and approval of (i) the Franchisee (as defined below and including the name of any entity)
         and any proposed owners not in your Ownership Group, pursuant to Article 8 hereof and, (ii) the proposed
         site, in our sole discretion.

8.       Ownership Group; Responsible Owner.

                             8.1 Any person holding a direct or indirect ownership interest in you is an “Owner”
                    for purposes of this Agreement. We have granted the rights in Article 2 above to you, based on
                    the experience and qualifications of you, your Owner or the group of Owners submitted to us for
                    approval of this Agreement and described in Exhibit B hereof (the “Ownership Group”). The
                    Ownership Group (or a subset thereof) must own and have voting control of at least 51% of you
                    and of any franchisee entity executing a Franchise Agreement pursuant hereto (“Franchisee”).
                    Unless otherwise approved and indicated on the Franchise Agreement, each Franchisee shall have
                    the ownership structure listed on Exhibit B and Exhibit D hereof. If you desire a different
                    ownership structure for a Franchisee, you must provide us with the Franchisee’s proposed
                    ownership structure to the individual or trust level, unless we otherwise approve, prior to the
                    execution by us of the applicable Franchise Agreement. Such Franchisee ownership structure is
                    subject to our approval, (a) in our sole discretion, with respect to the Owners included and (b) in
                    our reasonable discretion, with respect to the structuring of such Owners’ ownership interests.

                              8.2 You represent and warrant that the attached Exhibit B and Exhibit D (if
                    applicable) are current, complete and accurate as of the Effective Date, in accordance with your
                    internal governing documents (if you are an entity) and any related agreements among you and/or
                    your Owners. We do not have any responsibility to review such documents or agreements. We
                    shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation related to any person having or claiming to
                    have a right to any particular ownership interest in any franchisee entity executing a Franchise
                    Agreement pursuant hereto. You shall indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims related to
                    such matters, including without limitation any legal fees incurred by us, with counsel of our
                    choosing.

                              8.3 You must designate one (1) individual approved by us, who shall be set forth in
                    Exhibit B hereto, who has the authority to, and does in fact, actively direct your business affairs
                    related to your obligations under this Agreement (the “Responsible Owner”). You represent and
                    warrant that your Responsible Owner is the individual to whom we should provide notice to under
                    this Agreement and, when signing on your behalf, has the authority to legally bind you with
                    respect to all contracts, agreements and arrangements related to this Agreement. Your Responsible
                    Owner must have completed to our satisfaction within the time we specify our training program
                    under a Franchise Agreement. You (or your Responsible Owner) may request our approval of an
                    operator who has completed to our satisfaction within the time we specify our training program
                    under a Franchise Agreement. You may delegate your obligations to develop and operate your
                    PLANET FITNESS Businesses to this individual (an “Approved Operator”). Such a request
                    must be made in writing, and you must cooperate with us and provide all information we
                    reasonably request to approve or reject the proposed individual. Such approval or rejection shall
                    be within our sole discretion. If we approve an Approved Operator, you consent to our amendment
                    of Exhibit B to include that individual, and, as a condition to our approval, you shall cause the
                    Approved Operator to sign Exhibit C to this Agreement (Personal Covenants Regarding
                    Confidentiality and Non-Competition). WE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY,
                    LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION ARISING FROM ANY ARRANGEMENT OR
                    AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, EMPLOYMENT AND EQUITY
                    COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS) BETWEEN YOU, ANY OF YOUR OWNERS
                    AND/OR YOUR APPROVED OPERATOR, AND YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 7                          PLANET FITNESS®
