             by us in writing (which may include e-mail or other electronic means). If the address for the Location
             changes due to the designation of a new address for or renumbering of the premises, without any
             change to the physical location of the premises, you may update the address of the Location by
             providing written notice to us. Such notice may be delivered by electronic transmission, without
             subsequent physical delivery, provided that we confirm receipt. You consent to our modification of
             this Agreement for this purpose.

             “Low-Use Club” – A PLANET FITNESS Business in the lowest fifteen percent (15%) of PLANET
             FITNESS Businesses, as determined by the Usage Calculations.

             “Marks” - The current and future tradenames, trademarks, service marks and trade dress used to
             identify the services and/or products offered by PLANET FITNESS Businesses, including the mark
             “PLANET FITNESS” and the distinctive building design and color scheme of PLANET FITNESS
             Businesses.

             “Marketing Plan Items” – Your proposed marketing tactical mix, and associated tactic quantities
             (including timing, gross rating points, impressions and number of pieces), targeting, promotional
             calendar, marketing budget, general campaign descriptions, samples of creative concepts,
             slogans/taglines to be used, and such other information as we may reasonably require from time to
             time.

             “Material Offense” – Defined in Article 15.2.

             “Medium-Use Club” – A PLANET FITNESS Business in the middle seventy percent (70%) of
             PLANET FITNESS Businesses, as determined by the Usage Calculations.

             “Methods of Operation” - Mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, operating procedures
             and rules, including, but not limited to, those set forth in the Operations Manual, that we prescribe
             from time to time for the operation of a PLANET FITNESS Business and any other information we
             provide to you during the Term of the Agreement relating to your operation of the BUSINESS or to
             any other of your obligations under this Agreement and related agreements.

             “Monthly EFT” – The total gross monthly membership fees for the BUSINESS that are due and
             payable to you each month, by or on behalf of your members through authorized EFT withdrawals.

             “Monthly Membership Accounting Period” - Each monthly period during the Term of the Agreement.

             “Monthly Membership Billing Day(s)” - The day or days each calendar month that we designate that
             we or our authorized designee are authorized by you to withdraw via electronic funds transfer from
             the EFT Dues Draft, the Designated Account, or by such other means as we may authorize and
             approve, all monthly Royalty fees and other amounts then due to us under the terms of this Agreement.

             “NAF” - Our National Advertising Fund, as defined in Article 10.1.

             “NAF Contribution” – Defined in Article 5.8.

             “NAF Percentage” – Defined in Article 10.1.

             “Notice of Default” – Defined in Article 15.3.

             “Notification Date” – Defined in Article 16.13.

             “Offer” – Defined in Article 13.7.




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 5                       PLANET FITNESS®
