Methods and our other materials. You may not disclose any of these materials or any of our other
confidential information to artificial intelligence or machine learning platforms, except as we may
authorize. Upon termination of your Franchise Agreement, you must return to us all proprietary
information, including the Operations Manual and all other copyrighted material. You must notify
us immediately if you learn about an unauthorized use of our proprietary information. We are not
obligated to take any action and we have the sole right to decide the appropriate response to any
unauthorized use of proprietary information. You must comply with all changes to the Methods
of Operations, Operations Manual, Means & Methods and our other materials at your cost.

        You must promptly disclose to us all ideas, concepts, procedures, techniques or processes
that you or your employees develop concerning your PLANET FITNESS business and they will
be considered our sole and exclusive property, part of the System, and “works made-for-hire” for
us as defined and used in the Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. § 101. If an item does not qualify
as a “work made-for-hire” for us, you must assign ownership of that item, and all related rights to
that item, to us, and agree to execute and deliver any documents or instruments necessary to give
legal effect to or record the assignment.

                              ITEM 15
      OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
                         FRANCHISE BUSINESS

        If you are, or at any time become, a business corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or other legal entity, you must designate in Appendix A to the Franchise Agreement or
Exhibit B to the Area Development Agreement a “Responsible Owner,” who is an individual
approved by us who: (a) has an ownership interest in you; (b) has the authority to accept all official
notices from us, and when signing on your behalf, legally bind you with respect to all contracts
and commercial documents related to your PLANET FITNESS business; and (c) has completed
our training program to our satisfaction.

        You may also obtain our approval of an operator to whom you can delegate your obligation
to develop and operate your business (an “Approved Operator”). You must require that any
Approved Operator sign a non-disclosure agreement and non-competition agreement and this
person must complete our initial training program. We do not guarantee that you will be allowed
to delegate your responsibility.

        Unless we approve an Approved Operator for your PLANET FITNESS business, you (or
your Responsible Owner) must personally manage and operate the franchise as your primary
occupation and may not, without our prior consent, delegate your (or one of your owner’s)
authority and responsibility with respect to management and operation. You (or your Responsible
Owner) must at all times perform your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, continuously
exert your full-time best efforts to promote and enhance the franchise and not engage in any other
business or activity that conflicts with your obligations to operate the franchise in compliance with
the Franchise Agreement. Specifically, you (or one of your owners or an Approved Operator): (a)
must exert your full-time best efforts to the development and operation of your PLANET
FITNESS business and all other PLANET FITNESS businesses you own; and (b) absent our
prior approval, may not engage in any other business or activity, directly or indirectly, that requires
substantial management responsibility or time commitments or otherwise may conflict with your

FDD – September 2025                                                              PLANET FITNESS®
                                                  63
