                Such modifications to this Agreement will be effective only in such jurisdiction, unless we elect to
                give them greater applicability, and will be enforced as originally made and entered into in all other
                jurisdictions.

         19.4   WAIVER OF OBLIGATIONS. We and you may by written instrument unilaterally waive or
                reduce any obligation of or restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery
                of written notice thereof to the other or such other effective date stated in the notice of waiver. Any
                waiver we grant will be without prejudice to any other rights we may have, will be subject to our
                continuing review and may be revoked at any time and for any reason, effective upon delivery to
                you of ten (10) days’ prior written notice. We and you will not be deemed to have waived or impaired
                any right, power or option reserved by this Agreement (including without limitation the right to
                demand exact compliance with every term, condition and covenant herein or to declare any breach
                thereof to be a default and to terminate this Agreement prior to the expiration of its term) by virtue
                of: any custom or practice at variance with the terms hereof; our or your failure, refusal or neglect
                to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon exact compliance by the other with our
                and your obligations hereunder including without limitation the mandatory Methods of Operation;
                our waiver, forbearance, delay, failure, or omission to exercise any right, power or option whether
                of the same, similar or different nature with respect to other PLANET FITNESS Businesses; the
                existence of other franchise agreements for PLANET FITNESS Businesses which contain different
                provisions from those contained herein; or our acceptance of any payments due from you after any
                breach of this Agreement. We may adopt policies from time to time to guide our decision making,
                promote consistency and improve or protect the System. Such policies shall not be binding on us
                and are subject to change. No special or restrictive legend or endorsement on any check or similar
                item given to us will constitute a waiver, compromise, settlement or accord and satisfaction. We are
                authorized to remove or obliterate any legend or endorsement, and such legend or endorsement will
                have no effect.

         19.5   FORCE MAJEURE. Neither we nor you will be liable for loss or damage or deemed to be in
                breach of this Agreement if our or your failure to perform our or your obligations is not our or your
                fault and results from (each, a “Force Majeure Event”):

                (1)      transportation shortages, inadequate supply of equipment, products, merchandise, supplies,
                         labor, material or energy or the voluntary foregoing of the right to acquire or use any of the
                         foregoing in order to accommodate or comply with the orders, regulations, or instructions
                         of any federal, state or municipal government or any department or agency thereof;

                (2)      hurricanes, earthquakes, or other acts of nature;

                (3)      fires, strikes, embargoes, war or riot; or

                (4)      any other similar event or cause beyond the reasonable control of the applicable party.

                Notwithstanding the above, lack of funds and economic conditions shall not constitute a Force
                Majeure Event hereunder. Any delay resulting from a Force Majeure Event will extend performance
                accordingly or excuse performance, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable, except that a Force
                Majeure Event will not extend the timeline for or excuse any payment obligations to us or our
                Affiliates hereunder. If we send you a Notice of Default, and you believe a Force Majeure Event
                has occurred which relates to the applicable Event of Default, you must promptly notify us and
                include in such notice a description of the Force Majeure Event, its impact on your obligations to us
                and the estimated duration of impact.

         19.6   OUT-OF-STOCK AND DISCONTINUED. We are not liable to you for any loss or damage, or
                deemed to be in breach of this Agreement, if we cannot deliver, or cause to be delivered, or if our
                Affiliates or designated sources or Approved Suppliers cannot deliver, all of your orders for
                products, merchandise, equipment, supplies, etc., where such things are out-of-stock or
                discontinued.




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 72                        PLANET FITNESS®
