Table of Contents




Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
that are intended to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
An evaluation was performed, under the supervision, and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024 at the reasonable
assurance level.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:
 •   Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
 •   Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
     accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
     and directors of the company; and
 •   Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could
     have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, the company’s
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013).
Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those
criteria.
KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.



                                                                               102
