                   (c)     All mediation sessions will occur in Portsmouth, New Hampshire (or in the city
                           of our then-current headquarters, if our headquarters are no longer in New
                           Hampshire), and must be attended by your Responsible Owner (and any other
                           persons with authority to settle the dispute on your behalf) and our
                           representative(s) who is/are authorized to settle the dispute. The parties may be
                           represented by counsel at the mediation. The parties agree to participate in the
                           mediation proceedings in good faith and with the intention of resolving the dispute
                           if at all possible within ninety (90) days of the notice from the party seeking to
                           initiate the mediation procedures. If the dispute is not resolved within ninety (90)
                           days, any party may initiate an arbitration pursuant to Article 19.9(2). In addition,
                           if the party receiving notice of mediation has not responded within five (5) days
                           of delivery of the notice or a party fails to participate in the mediation, this Article
                           19.9(1) will no longer be applicable and the other party can pursue arbitration.
                           The parties shall split equally the costs of the mediator. Each party must pay its
                           own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the mediation. The mediation
                           proceeding and any negotiations and results thereof will be treated as a
                           compromise settlement negotiation and the entire process is confidential, except
                           as otherwise expressly provided by applicable law. At least five (5) days prior to
                           the initial mediation session, each party must deliver a written statement of
                           positions.

             (2)   Arbitration. Except as provided in Article 19.9(3), any dispute, controversy or claim
                   between you and us and any of our or your Affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders,
                   members, guarantors, employees or owners arising under, out of, in connection with or in
                   relation to this Agreement, any Lease for your BUSINESS, any loan or other finance
                   arrangement between us or our Affiliates and you, the parties’ relationship, your
                   BUSINESS, or any System standard or the scope of validity of the arbitration obligation
                   under this Article not resolved by mediation must be submitted to binding arbitration in
                   accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act. The arbitration will be administered by the
                   AAA pursuant to its Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect by one arbitrator.

                   (a)     In connection with any arbitration proceeding, each party will submit or file any
                           claim which would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by the then-
                           current Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same
                           proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim not submitted or filed
                           in such proceeding will be barred.

                   (b)     Any arbitration must be on an individual basis only as to a single Franchise Group
                           (and not as or through an association) and the parties and the arbitrator will have
                           no authority or power to proceed with any claim on a class-wide basis or otherwise
                           to join or consolidate any claim with any claim or any other proceeding involving
                           third parties or any other Franchise Group. If a court or arbitrator determines that
                           this limitation on joinder of or class-wide claims is unenforceable, then the
                           agreement to arbitrate the dispute will be null and void and the parties must submit
                           all claims to the jurisdiction of the courts, in accordance with Article 19.11.

                   (c)     The arbitration must take place in Portsmouth, New Hampshire (or in the city of
                           our then-current headquarters, if our headquarters are no longer in New
                           Hampshire).

                   (d)     The arbitrator must follow the law and not disregard the terms of this Agreement.
                           The arbitrator may not consider any settlement discussions or offers that might
                           have been made by either you or us. The arbitrator may not under any
                           circumstance (a) stay the effectiveness of any pending termination of this
                           Agreement, (b) assess punitive or exemplary damages, (c) certify a class or a
                           consolidated action, or (d) make any award which extends, modifies or suspends




FDD - 2025                       PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 74                          PLANET FITNESS®
