third-party suppliers or us as we may require as set forth in the Methods of Operations and
Operations Manual. To use the POS System you must sign the following agreements, the current
forms of which are located in Exhibit “K-3”. We refer to these agreements as the “POS
Agreements.” They are subject to change and we may require you to sign additional agreements
due to POS System changes, as a condition to your use of the POS System and other services we
designate.

       1.   Planet Fitness Full Service Billing Proposal;
       2.   Billing Services Agreement;
       3.   Addendum to Billing Services Agreement; and
       4.   Fee Schedule and Application Materials for our designated POS System supplier and
            their payment gateways and/or payment processors for ACH, debit card and credit card
            processing.

        The POS System allows you to enter, view and maintain member and guest information,
collect customer membership fees, and conduct retail transactions. The POS System enables you
to communicate all information in real-time. The POS System includes access to certain reporting
functions per club, and in aggregate across all clubs.

        The POS System designated hardware and peripherals include at least two (2) desktop
computers, monitors, keyboards, mice, cash drawers, credit card readers with signature pad, check
readers, retail barcode scanners, license scanners (as may be allowed by state law), receipt printers,
document printer/scanner and other items that we may require (collectively, “POS System Kits”).
All equipment attached to or used by you as part of the POS System must be specifically approved
by us in advance, in writing. No unapproved equipment may be attached or used as part of the
POS System. The cost to purchase the designated POS System Kits, and other hardware required
to operate your club(s), ranges from about $5,000 to $13,000. You may purchase additional POS
System kits, additional back-office computer systems, or other technology solutions from our
designated POS System supplier and/or other third-party suppliers or us as we may require as set
forth in the Methods of Operations, Operations Manual or otherwise.

        In order to run the POS System and receive other Internet-dependent services, you will
need to purchase reliable high-speed business-class Internet service satisfying our then-current
minimum bandwidth requirements as set forth in the Methods of Operations, Operations Manual
or otherwise. You should also purchase a backup Internet solution. You must purchase a firewall,
point of sale network switch, lockable network cabinet, and an enterprise-grade Wi-Fi solution, as
well as adhere to the network configuration requirements in the Methods of Operations or as we
may otherwise designate. You must purchase certain security services such as, managed desktop
services which provide antivirus protection, operating system patch updates, and system
administration and monitoring protection; Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance support
services, and end-to-end encryption services for credit card processing. You must purchase
monthly software support fees for your POS System which includes unlimited software access,
technical and billing support services, software upgrades, and an unlimited number of users,
members and inventory items. You must also reimburse us for a portion of our cost to provide
you with access to customer relationship management software and applications. Your required
reimbursement is currently $100 per year.


FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 47
