     k.   accept a Card issued by a U.S. Issuer to collect or refinance an existing debt, unless expressly
          authorized by, and in full compliance with, Operating Regulations;
     l.   request or use a Card account number for any purpose other than as payment for its goods or services;
          and
     m.   add any tax to transactions, unless applicable law expressly requires that a Client be
permitted to impose a tax. In such event, any tax amount, if allowed, must be included in the
transaction amount and not collected separately.”
C.   Applicable to ABC Clients participating in the American Express OptBlue Program. The
following will only apply to Client’s participation in the American Express Program, as
controlled by the American Express OptBlue Program Operating Regulations. (Capitalized
terms below are defined in the American Express Operating Guide or the American Express
OptBlue Program Operating Regulations):
     a.   Client must comply with, and accept Cards in accordance with, the terms of its BSA and
the American Express Merchant Operating Guide, as such terms may be amended from time
to time.
     b.   Client acknowledges that the American Express Merchant Operating Guide is
incorporated by reference into this Agreement (and is available online at the following web
link: https://icm.aexp-static.com/content/dam/gms/en_us/optblue/us-mog.pdf).
     c.   Client expressly authorizes ABC to submit transactions to, and receive settlement from, American
          Express on behalf of the Client.
     d.   Client expressly consents (i) to ABC collecting and disclosing Transaction Data, Client Data,
and other information about the Client to American Express; and (ii) to American Express
using such information to perform its responsibilities in connection with the Program,
promote the American Express Network, perform analytics and create reports, and for any
other lawful business purposes, including commercial marketing communication purposes
within the parameters of the Program Agreement, and important transactional or
relationship communications from American Express.
  e. Client acknowledges that:


□ By checking this box, Client opts out of receiving future commercial marketing communications from
American Express.
Client may continue to receive marketing communications, however, while American Express
updates its records to reflect this choice. Opting out of commercial marketing
communications will not preclude you from receiving important transactional or relationship
messages from American Express.
