premises, and some may require you to take other safety measures. It is your sole responsibility
to investigate these laws, and we recommend that you do so before you sign a Franchise Agreement
or Area Development Agreement with us. In addition, if you are constructing a new fitness facility
and rely on the proceeds of the membership to build and equip the facility, the offer and sale of
those memberships could be considered the sale of “securities” under those laws and require
registration. You will also need to develop and operate your location in compliance with laws,
regulations and ordinances applicable to businesses generally, like the Americans with Disabilities
Act, federal and state wage and hour laws, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and business
licensing and permitting requirements. You must comply with all applicable laws and obtain and
keep in force all necessary licenses and permits.

         Your business is subject to state and federal regulations that allow the government to
restrict travel and/or require businesses to close during state or national emergencies. Because your
business is operated from a destination to which your customers must travel, your business can be
affected by such orders more than others.

                                          ITEM 2
                                   BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

       Colleen Keating, Chief Executive Officer

       Colleen Keating has served as our Chief Executive Officer since June 2024, in Hampton,
New Hampshire. She had served as the Chief Executive Officer of FirstKey Homes, LLC from
February 2020 to May 2024, in Marietta, Georgia.

       Jay Stasz, Chief Financial Officer

       Jay Stasz has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2024, in Hampton,
New Hampshire. He served as Chief Financial Officer of Savers Value Village from July 2022 to
May 2024 in Bellevue, Washington. He served as Chief Financial Officer of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet
from January 2018 to June 2022 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

      Brian O’Donnell, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, Tax and
Treasury

       Brian O’Donnell has served as Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis,
Tax and Treasury of Pla-Fit Franchise in Hampton, New Hampshire since March 2025. He was its
Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from December 2022 to March 2025.
He was its Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from December 2019 to
December 2022.

       Scott Fogg, Senior Vice President, Franchise Operations and Services

        Scott Fogg has served as Senior Vice President, Franchise Operations and Services of Pla-
Fit Franchise in Hampton, New Hampshire since September 2022. He was its Vice President of
Vendor and Supply Chain & Associate General Counsel from November 2017 to September 2022.



FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 5
