                    17.1.4 Agreements. You (and your transferring Owners) have executed (a) a general release, in
form satisfactory to us, on behalf of themselves, their affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries (other than Excluded
Affiliates, as defined below), of any and all claims against us, our affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries, and the officers,
directors, shareholders, partners, and employees of all such entities in both their corporate and individual capacities,
and (b) a written affirmation confirming that (i) you and/or any transferring Owner(s) remain bound by the restrictions
and obligations contained in Articles 14 and 18, and Exhibit C hereof as if this Agreement had terminated and (ii) the
provisions of Articles 22, 23, 24 and 26 survive the partial or full Transfer of an Owner’s interest in you (although
such provisions will continue to apply regardless of whether you and/or any transferring Owner(s) actually execute
such written reaffirmation). Except as otherwise provided in Article 17.1.6.3, this Agreement has been amended to
reflect the post-transfer ownership and your new Owners have signed Exhibit C hereof. If and to the extent reasonably
enforceable under applicable law, your transferring Owners have executed an agreement with you, of which we are a
third-party beneficiary and may independently enforce, providing that for at least two (2) years from the date of the
Transfer, with such time period to be tolled by any violation thereof, they will not, either directly or indirectly, compete
with you and your affiliates. “Excluded Affiliates” means affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries with ultimate owners
that are not part of your ownership structure and will not receive any consideration or value from the Transfer. Silent
Investors shall not be required to sign the agreements described in this Article 17.1.4.

                  17.1.5 Costs. You have reimbursed us for any reasonable external (i.e., not in-house) legal and
administrative costs we incurred in connection with the Transfer.

                    17.1.6 Third-Party Transfers. If the proposed Transfer is a Third-Party Transfer (as defined
below), the following additional conditions must be reasonably satisfied prior to or concurrently with the effective
date of the proposed Transfer. A “Third-Party Transfer” is a proposed Transfer to any party that is not one of your
Owners or an entity solely owned by one or more of your Owners. In addition, the following Transfers are not
considered Third-Party Transfers: (i) a Transfer to an entity that is controlled by one or more of your Owners solely
for estate planning purposes or (ii) a Transfer to the Immediate Family of one of your Owners of a non-controlling
interest in you, which is not one of a series of proposed Transfers which, in the aggregate, would constitute or result
in the transfer of a controlling interest in you. “Controlling interest” means (a) a direct or indirect ownership interest
of fifty percent (50%) or more in you or (b) the power to, directly or indirectly, direct your affairs by reason of
ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

                            17.1.6.1 Transferee. We have approved the proposed transferee, based on our reasonable
                                     assessment of the proposed transferee and its direct and indirect owners, and the
                                     capabilities and characteristics of any existing or acquired business and
                                     management team and, if applicable, remaining Owners. In connection with our
                                     assessment, we may consider:

                            (i)       the proposed transferee’s moral character, aptitude, attitude, experience,
                                      references, acumen, and financial capacity to develop and operate PLANET
                                      FITNESS Businesses hereunder;
                            (ii)      the proposed transferee’s business plan for such PLANET FITNESS Businesses;
                            (iii)     the infrastructure in place or to be created to develop and operate the PLANET
                                      FITNESS Businesses hereunder (together with any other PLANET FITNESS
                                      Businesses the proposed transferee may own);
                            (iv)      other investments of the proposed transferee (including, but not limited to,
                                      competing investments, quantity of other investments or incompatibility of other
                                      investments with our values or brand image); and
                            (v)       if the proposed transferee is an existing PLANET FITNESS franchisee, its and
                                      its affiliates’ (a) record of acquisition, development, operations (including size of
                                      current operations and existing development obligations) and performance, and
                                      (b) compliance with existing agreements with us and our affiliates.




FDD - 2025                                      #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 20                            PLANET FITNESS®
