                   to enter the Location and do (or contract with a third party to do) such maintenance on your
                   behalf and at your expense. Following completion of such maintenance, we may collect
                   from you an amount equal to the actual cost of the maintenance plus any administrative
                   costs we actually incur as provided in Article 5.9 hereof.

             (2)   Re-equipment. For a Medium Use Club, we may require you to replace at the BUSINESS,
                   as we may reasonably determine: (a) all cardio equipment not more often than once every
                   six (6) years, and (b) all other fitness equipment not more often than once every eight (8)
                   years. For a Low Use Club, we may require you to replace at the BUSINESS, as we may
                   reasonably determine: (a) all cardio equipment not more often than once every seven (7)
                   years, and (b) all other fitness equipment not more often than once every nine (9) years.
                   For a High Use Club, we may require you to replace at the BUSINESS, as we may
                   reasonably determine: (a) all cardio equipment not more often than once every five (5)
                   years, and (b) all other fitness equipment not more often than once every seven (7) years.
                   You acknowledge and agree that absent a change by the equipment manufacturer in the
                   useful life of the applicable equipment or a prolonged closure of a BUSINESS, the above
                   timelines are generally reasonable. In addition, we may require you to replace at the
                   BUSINESS each item of amenity equipment at such times as we may reasonably
                   determine. We will advise you, in writing (with email being sufficient), at least six (6)
                   months prior to requiring replacement of your fitness or other equipment. You shall comply
                   with the procedures specified in the Operations Manual for the extraction and placement
                   of equipment, which may require a temporary closure of the BUSINESS. Subject to Article
                   9.3(3) below, we may require you, in our reasonable discretion, to occasionally add or
                   replace a limited quantity of select equipment in connection with updates to the System or
                   to comply with legal requirements. We will consult with the recognized franchisee
                   association (or the appropriate subcommittee thereof) prior to doing so.

             (3)   Remodeling. You must periodically upgrade and/or remodel your BUSINESS premises, as
                   we may reasonably require, pursuant to our plans and specifications (which may include
                   the placement of additional cardio, fitness and amenity equipment), provided, however,
                   that with the exception of signage, we will not require substantial remodeling or upgrades
                   more often than every twelve (12) years. We will advise you, in writing (with email being
                   sufficient), at least six (6) months prior to requiring any substantial remodeling or upgrades
                   of the BUSINESS. The following are not considered a remodel: (i) replacement, removal
                   or takedown of construction or other items that were in violation of our Methods of
                   Operation when installed, (ii) remediating an unapproved material modification to the
                   BUSINESS premises, (iii) performing general repair and maintenance, or (iv) upgrades,
                   updates or other alterations required for the BUSINESS to comply with applicable law or
                   that are reasonably necessary to maintain adequate safety or security at the BUSINESS.
                   This Article 9.3(3) does not waive or otherwise affect any rights we may have under this
                   Agreement to require substantial remodeling of the BUSINESS as a condition to granting
                   a successor franchise agreement or, under certain circumstances, in connection with a
                   transfer of the BUSINESS. You must provide us with regular updates at such times and in
                   such format as we reasonably determine as to the progress of your upgrade or remodel.
                   You must provide us with a close-out package in the format we reasonably specify that
                   provides evidence reasonably satisfactory to us of completion of the remodel or upgrade.

             (4)   Brand Evolution. In addition to our rights under subsections (2) and (3) above, we may
                   require you to remodel your BUSINESS and/or replace, remove or add equipment at your
                   BUSINESS by gaining an approval vote under the Voting Procedures by either (i) sixty-
                   six percent (66%) of all then existing company and franchised PLANET FITNESS
                   Businesses in the United States, or (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of all then existing
                   franchised PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the United States. Your additional remodel
                   and re-equipment requirements and the timeline for their completion (which will be no
                   sooner than six (6) months after you are notified thereof) will be as approved by such vote.




FDD - 2025                        PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 26                        PLANET FITNESS®
