                                    ADDENDUM TO
                                  PLANET FITNESS®
                            DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR THE
                                  STATE OF ILLINOIS

       In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, 815
ILCS 705/1 et. seq. and related regulations, the Franchise Disclosure Document of Planet Fitness
Franchising LLC for use in the state of Illinois shall be amended to include the following:

       Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement.

       In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in a
       franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State
       of Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take
       place outside of Illinois.

       Franchisees’ rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in sections 19 and 20
       of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.

       In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition,
       stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive
       compliance with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void.

       No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
       any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
       (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
       person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
       document executed in connection with the franchise.

Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective only to
the extent that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois
Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987 are met independently without reference to this Addendum.




                                           M-1                          PLANET FITNESS®
