                                  (6)      you have obtained all required permits, licenses and certifications for
                                           operating the BUSINESS, and the Location is in compliance with all
                                           laws, rules and regulations.

                  g.   If the Business Commencement Date has occurred prior to the Effective Date, Article 4.8 of
                       the Acquisition Agreement, with the heading “Business Commencement Deadline,” is
                       hereby deleted in its entirety.

                  h.   If the Business Commencement Date has not occurred prior to the Effective Date, Article 4.8
                       of the Acquisition Agreement, with the heading “Business Commencement Deadline,” is
                       hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                         4.8      BUSINESS COMMENCEMENT DEADLINE. The Business Commencement
                                  Date must occur within three hundred and sixty (360) days after the Initial
                                  Agreement Date, or, in the case of a ground-up build, four hundred and eighty
                                  (480) days after the Initial Agreement Date, and, in either case, within five (5)
                                  days after we notify you that the conditions set forth in this Article regarding
                                  opening have been satisfied.

             4.   FEES. Article 5.1 of the Acquisition Agreement with the heading “Initial Franchise Fee,” is
                  hereby deleted in its entirety.

             5.   TRAINING, ASSISTANCE, AND METHODS OF OPERATION.

                  a.   In Article 6.1 of the Acquisition Agreement with the heading “Training,” the first three
                       sentences are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:

                         If you are a new franchisee, we will furnish initial training on the operation of a PLANET
                         FITNESS Business (“Initial Training”) to you (or, if you are an Entity, your Responsible
                         Owner and Approved Operator), and up to two (2) additional Owners or managers you
                         elect to enroll in the training program, that we approve at no additional charge to you.
                         Initial Training consists of a minimum of two (2) working days of training for you (or your
                         Responsible Owner and Approved Operator), and your Owners or managers to be furnished
                         at our training location or at an operating PLANET FITNESS Business. If we provide
                         Initial Training, you (or your Responsible Owner and Approved Operator), and your
                         Owners or managers are required to complete Initial Training to our satisfaction.

             6.   PLANET FITNESS METHODS OF OPERATION.

                  a.   In Article 9.2 of the Acquisition Agreement under the heading “Modification of Methods of
                       Operation,” the second sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
                       following:

                         Any such modifications may obligate you to invest additional capital in the BUSINESS in
                         addition to any requirements set forth in Appendix H hereto (“Capital Modifications”),
                         and/or incur higher operating costs; provided, however, that such modifications will not
                         alter your fundamental status and rights under this Agreement.

                  b.   In Article 9.3(2) of the Acquisition Agreement under the subheading “Re-equipment,” the
                       following language is inserted at the end of the paragraph:

                       The requirements listed in Appendix H apply in addition to requirements above.

                  c.   In Article 9.3(3) of the Acquisition Agreement under the subheading “Remodeling,” the first
                       sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:




FDD – 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName AA - 3                       PLANET FITNESS®
