               for your location, the cost to purchase the equipment will generally range between
               $363,000 and $1,103,000. These estimates, however, may vary. In addition, we
               estimate that your cost to make down payments on non-fitness equipment generally
               ranges between $76,200 and $318,300 with the total estimated cost to purchase the
               non-fitness equipment ranging between $762,000 and $1,061,000. The amount of
               your down payment on equipment that you finance, as well as the purchase price
               of the equipment (should you choose not to finance), may vary depending on the
               size of your location and your financing terms and credit.

Note 5         The stated amount is an estimate of the amount you are required to spend on pre-
               sale/grand opening marketing before opening. The remaining pre-sale/grand
               opening marketing expenditure is included in the “Additional Funds” described in
               Note 10. The pre-sale/grand opening marketing period typically begins no less than
               60 days immediately before the date that you intend to commence regular
               operations at your PLANET FITNESS location, and it may be as long as 180 days
               after you commence regular operations (“Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing
               Period”). You must spend on your pre-sale/grand opening marketing plan an
               amount set by us, which will be $20,000 to $30,000 per every 30-day period. We
               may not require you to spend more than $120,000 on pre-sale/grand opening
               marketing, absent a material delay in the commencement of regular operations. We
               will determine the amount of the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense and
               length and start date of the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Period based upon
               the location of the PLANET FITNESS business, demographics and other factors.
               As explained more fully in Item 11, we may reduce the length of the Pre-Sale/Grand
               Opening Marketing Period and related expenses based on market saturation and
               other factors. Presale marketing expenses will include a variety of marketing, public
               relations programs, media and advertising materials that we approve. You will
               conduct your pre-opening marketing efforts both online and from a temporary
               facility located at or near the site of your future PLANET FITNESS location, as
               described in the Operations Manual. We must approve the proposed physical
               location of your pre-opening marketing temporary facility. In addition to other
               standards that we specify in the Operations Manual and as we otherwise may direct
               in writing, the temporary facility must be clean and in good repair, provide you
               with good visibility to the public, conform to our network security requirements
               and display the marks in the form and manner we specify. Possible temporary
               facilities include, among other things, small retail space or a trailer that is used
               solely for presale marketing efforts and satisfies the above criteria. Your temporary
               facility for pre-opening marketing cannot be your home or a residence of any kind.
               We are conducting a marketing pilot program that will temporarily reduce pre-sale
               requirements for certain businesses. See Item 11 for additional details.

Note 6         You must purchase your club management, member management, and point of sale
               software, services, and hardware (collectively “Point of Sale System” or “POS
               System”), and other hardware required to operate your club(s), from our designated
               POS supplier as described in Item 11 and/or other third-party vendors or us as we
               may require in the Methods of Operations. You must also pay our designated POS
               supplier for on-site training on the POS System. You must pay the costs necessary

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                27
