                           From the Business Commencement Date through the end of the calendar year,
                           you will contribute to the NAF an amount equal to 2% of EFT Dues Draft each
                           month. Beginning on January 1 of the next calendar year, you will be required to
                           pay the Ad Fee as described in Article 10.1(1)(a) above.

                   We will reasonably adjust the contribution requirements in Article 10.1(1)(a) and Article
                   10.1(1)(b) to reflect any changes in the Ad Fee. We will communicate these adjustments
                   in the Ad Fee Change Notice. For the calendar year 2026, the Ad Fee in Appendix G
                   applies.

             (2)        Governance. We will direct all programs financed by the NAF and retain the right to
                        determine the creative concepts, materials and endorsements used therein and the
                        geographic market and media placement and allocation thereof. We have sole
                        decision-making authority over all aspects of such programs, including national or
                        regional media, creative, concepts, materials, endorsements, agencies and suppliers.
                        We will seek the advice of owners of PLANET FITNESS Businesses by formal or
                        informal means with respect to the creative concepts and media used for programs
                        financed by the NAF. In addition: we will consult, in an advisory capacity, with the
                        recognized franchisee association (or the appropriate subcommittee thereof) on issues
                        related to the NAF, and will develop and implement a framework for reporting and
                        advisory consultation on the NAF budget, planning process and marketing strategy.

             (3)        Qualifying Expenses. You agree that the NAF may be used to pay any of the
                        following expenses: (i) production of video, audio, electronic, written advertising
                        materials and other member-facing content; (ii) website and mobile application
                        design, development, content and updating; (iii) electronic advertising efforts,
                        including, but not limited to, search engine optimization and social media networks
                        and related platforms; (iv) administration of regional and multiregional advertising
                        programs; including, but not limited to, purchasing direct mail and other media
                        advertising; (v) advertising analytics, pricing studies and other market research; (vi)
                        public relations; (vii) member communications; (viii) administrative, compliance and
                        other costs associated with NAF activities; (ix) engagement and use of advertising,
                        promotion, public relations and marketing agencies to assist with NAF activities; and
                        (x) expenses incurred auditing local and national marketing agencies.

             (4)        NAF Materials. All marketing or other materials created using NAF funds shall be
                        owned by us. The NAF will furnish you with samples of advertising, marketing
                        formats, promotional formats and other materials at no additional cost to you when
                        we deem appropriate. Multiple copies of such materials will be furnished to you at
                        our direct cost of producing them plus any related shipping, handling and storage
                        charges. You shall have no right to use or adapt marketing materials produced by the
                        National Advertising Fund of another country, except as we may authorize.

             (5)        Accounting. The NAF will be accounted for separately from our other funds and will
                        not be used to defray any of our general operating expenses, except for such
                        reasonable salaries, administrative costs, travel expenses and overhead as we may
                        incur in activities related to the administration of the NAF and its programs including,
                        without limitation, conducting market research, preparing advertising promotion and
                        marketing materials, and collecting and accounting for contributions to the NAF.
                        Commissions, rebates or other similar payments from suppliers of marketing or other
                        materials or products may only be received by the NAF in accordance with Article
                        5.8. While we intend to spend the entirety of the NAF each fiscal year, we may spend,
                        on behalf of the NAF, in any fiscal year, an amount that is greater or less than the
                        aggregate contribution of all PLANET FITNESS Businesses to the NAF in that year
                        and the NAF may borrow from us or others (at a commercially reasonable rate of
                        interest) to cover deficits or invest any surplus for future use. All interest earned on




FDD - 2025                       PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 35                        PLANET FITNESS®
