                   (iii) During the second, third and fourth quarters of each calendar year, the greater
                         of (i) $4,000 or (ii) 3% of cumulative Monthly EFT during each month in
                         those quarters (and any additional amounts necessary to comply with Article
                         10.2(2)(a)(i) above).

                   If the BUSINESS is not open for an entire month, quarter, or year, the minimum
                   dollar amount you are required to spend for such month, quarter, or year will be
                   prorated for the portion of the year, quarter, or month the BUSINESS was open.
                   The minimum percentages will not be prorated. We will reasonably adjust the
                   contribution requirements in Article 10.2(2)(a) to reflect any changes in the Ad
                   Fee. We will communicate these adjustments in the Ad Fee Change Notice. Your
                   LAF expenditure requirements plus the Ad Fee will not exceed nine percent (9%)
                   of the EFT Dues Draft. For the calendar year 2026, the Local Advertising Funds
                   requirements in Appendix G apply.

             (b)   In the event you and/or your Affiliates own and operate multiple BUSINESSES
                   in the same market area, as defined by us, and the LAF spending for those
                   BUSINESSES are not separated, so long as the BUSINESSES spend an amount
                   that would satisfy the LAF obligations for all of the BUSINESSES in the
                   aggregate, you shall be deemed in compliance with Article 10.2(2), except, if we
                   otherwise require during a BUSINESS’S first year of operation or if, in our
                   reasonable business judgment, hyper-marketing for the BUSINESS is necessary
                   due to market conditions (for example, competition). If there is no Cooperative in
                   your area, we may require you to spend a portion of your required LAF
                   expenditure at the designated market area-level.

             (c)   If you believe that your BUSINESS should not be required to spend the LAF at
                   the levels specified above, you may request approval for an alternative local
                   marketing plan with a lower proposed LAF (“ALMP”) by submitting a proposed
                   ALMP and specifying the reasons therefor, for approval by us. We will use
                   reasonable efforts to respond to such request within sixty (60) days after you have
                   provided us all information we have requested. Such decision, in our reasonable
                   business discretion, will be based on such factors as market saturation,
                   competition and participation in an approved Cooperative, among other factors.
                   If such ALMP is approved by us in writing, your compliance with the ALMP shall
                   constitute compliance with this Article 10.2. For the avoidance of doubt, the
                   approval of an ALMP shall not grant you an automatic right to any future ALMP.

             (d)   If you do not comply with the requirements of this Article 10.2(2), we may, in
                   addition to any other rights and remedies provided herein, after providing you
                   with written notice and an opportunity to cure (as set forth below), (i) collect your
                   LAF contributions from you plus an amount equal to the administrative costs we
                   actually incur, based on a reasonable allocation of personnel salaries, benefits, and
                   overhead for the time spent by our employees to administer the LAF on your
                   behalf, as provided in Article 5.9 hereof, and administer the LAF on your behalf,
                   or (ii) collect the amount by which your LAF expenditures fell short of the
                   required LAF spend (the “LAF Shortfall”) from you, as provided in Article 5.9
                   hereof, and contribute such amount to the NAF. In order to cure a failure to spend
                   the amount required in Article 10.2(2), you must, within ninety (90) days after
                   you are notified of such failure, (a) spend all or a portion of the LAF Shortfall
                   toward local advertising in compliance with this Article 10.2(2) and (b) contribute
                   any remaining LAF Shortfall to the NAF. Such cure shall not be credited towards
                   your LAF requirement or NAF contribution for any subsequent period. Qualifying
                   funds spent on local advertising during a subsequent period will be first applied
                   to meeting the applicable requirements for that period and then applied against
                   any applicable LAF Shortfall. If you receive notice from us of a failure to comply




FDD - 2025               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 38                        PLANET FITNESS®
