                     Businesses that you own in the Development Area in accordance with the terms of the applicable
                     Franchise Agreements that we executed prior to the termination of this Agreement, and (ii) your
                     and our rights and obligations with respect to your existing PLANET FITNESS Businesses will
                     be governed by the terms of the applicable Franchise Agreements. Any cross reference in a
                     Franchise Agreement to your ownership structure listed in this Agreement shall survive
                     termination of this Agreement.

10.      Future Development; Financial Condition; Adverse Actions.

                               10.1 You recognize and acknowledge that this Agreement requires you to open
                     PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the future pursuant to the Development Schedule. You
                     further acknowledge that the estimated expenses and investment requirements set forth in Items
                     6 and 7 of our Franchise Disclosure Document are subject to increase over time, and that future
                     PLANET FITNESS Businesses likely will involve greater initial investment and operating
                     capital requirements than those stated in the Franchise Disclosure Document provided to you
                     prior to the execution of this Agreement. You must execute all the Franchise Agreements and
                     open all of the PLANET FITNESS Businesses in accordance with the dates set forth on the
                     Development Schedule, regardless of (i) the requirement of a greater investment, (ii) the financial
                     condition or performance of your PLANET FITNESS Businesses, or (iii) any other
                     circumstances, financial or otherwise. The foregoing will not be interpreted as imposing any
                     obligation upon us to execute the Franchise Agreements under this Agreement if you have not
                     complied with each and every required condition to obtain such Franchise Agreements including,
                     but not limited to, your satisfaction of our then-current requirements for franchisees.

                               10.2 We have entered into this Agreement in reliance on your current financial
                     condition and your ability to finance your operations over the term of this Agreement, all as you
                     have represented to us, and our assessment of your ability to meet our financial requirements.
                     You acknowledge that operating PLANET FITNESS Businesses and meeting our re-equipment,
                     remodeling and other obligations when they are due will require significant capital and prudent
                     capital planning. You and your affiliates must at all times maintain reasonably adequate financial
                     resources and a reasonably appropriate capital structure, taking into account various factors
                     including your current assets and liabilities, reasonably projected future cash flows and
                     obligations, and reasonable assumptions related to financing and potential business and economic
                     fluctuations, to meet your required capital and operational expenses under this Agreement and
                     the Franchise Agreements (the “Capital Requirements”). You must promptly provide such
                     financial information related to you and your affiliates as required by the Franchise Agreements
                     and as we may reasonably request, including, but not limited to, financial statements, debt
                     agreements (and an accounting of your compliance with such agreements), historical and
                     projected cash flows and expenses.

                                10.3 You must notify us within five (5) Business Days if you or your affiliates: (a)
                     receive any notice of default, reservation of rights, non-payment, acceleration or termination
                     from a lender or landlord, (b) experience a credit downgrade, or (c) experience any other event
                     that, if not addressed or if resolved unfavorably, would be reasonably expected to have a material
                     adverse effect on you, your or our reputation, our Marks, the System, your financial condition or
                     your ability to comply with this Agreement (each, an “Adverse Action”). You shall reasonably
                     cooperate with us in monitoring the progress of any Adverse Action.

11.      Annual Business Plan; Reporting. By October 31 of each calendar year of the term of this Agreement, or at
         such other time as we reasonably designate, you must (except as provided below) present to us for our review
         a business plan for the PLANET FITNESS Business in the subsequent calendar year (the “Annual Business
         Plan”). The Annual Business Plan shall include (a) an annual budget, (b) past and projected performance for
         all PLANET FITNESS Businesses in the Development Area, (c) an operational update, (d) a real estate and
         development update, including projected openings, the status of locations currently under development, a list
         of locations currently under exploration and negotiation, and your projected performance against the
         Development Schedule and Development Milestones (“Development Plan”), (e) an update on the financial




FDD - 2025                                   #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 12                           PLANET FITNESS®
