               to ensure continued PCI compliance. Additionally, changes in technology or
               security requirements may necessitate new hardware, software or services and you
               will be responsible for these costs.

Note 7         The cost of leasing a site for a PLANET FITNESS franchise will vary
               considerably depending on various factors such as the location’s size, local real
               estate market and other factors. As noted in Note 3 above, you will typically need
               to lease a building of approximately 15,000 to 25,000 square feet. The amount of
               your deposit is heavily dependent on your negotiations with your landlord.

Note 8         This estimate is based on the deposits typically paid by our corporate locations for
               utilities, credit cards or bank accounts and equipment purchases or leases. We do
               not collect this information from our franchisees. Your costs may be lower or
               higher depending on the size of your PLANET FITNESS location, local market
               conditions, your business acumen, and various other factors.

Note 9         The cost of the licenses and bonds you must acquire may vary significantly
               depending on the laws that apply in your jurisdiction.

Note 10        This estimate includes expenses before opening your PLANET FITNESS location
               and marketing and certain startup expenses for the first 3 months after you
               commence regular operations and is calculated based on the operation of our
               corporate clubs. The expenses include your estimated pre-sale/grand opening
               marketing expense during this period. You will incur additional expenses after the
               initial period. These figures are estimates based on our and our affiliates’
               experience in operating PLANET FITNESS locations, and your experience may
               vary depending on whether you finance tenant improvements, your location, and
               other factors. You may need additional operating capital, or you may need it for a
               longer period of time. We cannot assure you that you will not have additional
               expenses in starting your franchise location.

Note 11        Except as otherwise noted, none of these payments are refundable. This is an
               estimate of your initial investment and is based on our estimate of average costs
               and market conditions prevailing as of the date of this Disclosure Document and is
               based on our and our affiliates’ experiences. We do not permit franchisees to
               borrow more than 80% of the initial investment for their PLANET FITNESS
               business. The total investment necessary to begin operation of a single PLANET
               FITNESS business, excluding real estate acquisition costs, ranges from $1,525,000
               to $3,706,700 if you finance your equipment. Our estimates do not include any
               finance charges, interest or debt service obligations. The availability and terms of
               financing will depend on factors like the availability of financing generally, your
               credit worthiness, your relationship with banks, your business experience, and the
               amount of down payment and additional collateral you may offer to a lender to
               secure a loan. You should review the amount in this Item 7 carefully with a business
               advisor before making any decision to purchase the franchise. You are cautioned
               to allow for inflation, discretionary expenditures, fluctuating interest rates and other
               costs of financing and the local market conditions, which can be highly variable

FDD – September 2025                                                              PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 28
