Table of Contents
                                                           Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



basis. Planet Fitness, Inc. is subject to U.S. federal income taxes, in addition to state and local income taxes with respect to the allocable share of any taxable
income of Pla-Fit Holdings. The Company is also subject to taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions
are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which
the change in judgment occurs (see Note 16).

(q) Tax benefit arrangements
The Company’s acquisition of Holdings Units in connection with the IPO and certain future and past exchanges of Holdings Units for shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock (or cash at the option of the Company) are expected to produce and have produced favorable tax attributes. In connection with the IPO,
the Company entered into two tax receivable agreements, pursuant to which the Company is required to make payments to certain current or former holders of
equity interests or their successors-in-interest (“TRA Holders”). Under the first of those agreements, the Company generally is required to pay to certain
existing and previous equity owners of Pla-Fit Holdings, LLC 85% of the applicable tax savings, if any, in U.S. federal and state income tax that the Company
is deemed to realize as a result of certain tax attributes of their Holdings Units sold to the Company (or exchanged in a taxable sale) and that are created as a
result of (i) the exchanges of their Holdings Units for shares of Class A common stock and (ii) tax benefits attributable to payments made under the tax
receivable agreement (including imputed interest). Under the second tax receivable agreement, the Company generally is required to pay 85% of the amount of
tax savings, if any, that the Company is deemed to realize as a result of tax attributes of certain equity interests previously held by affiliates of TSG that
resulted from TSG’s purchase of interests in our 2012 acquisition, and certain other tax benefits. Under both agreements, the Company generally retains the
remaining 15% benefit of the applicable tax savings.
Based on current projections, the Company anticipates having sufficient taxable income to utilize these tax attributes and receive corresponding tax deductions
in future periods. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2024 the Company has recorded a liability of $466,916 payable to the TRA Holders under the tax benefit
obligations, representing approximately 85% of the calculated expected tax savings based on the original basis adjustments the Company anticipates being able
to utilize in future years. Changes in the liability resulting from historical changes under these tax benefit arrangements may occur based on changes in
anticipated future taxable income, changes in applicable tax rates or other changes in tax attributes that may occur and impact the expected future tax benefits
to be received by the Company. Changes in the projected liability under these tax benefit arrangements are and will be recorded as a component of other
income (expense) each period. The projection of future taxable income involves significant judgment. Actual taxable income may differ from estimates, which
could significantly impact the liability under the tax benefit arrangements and the Company’s consolidated results of operations.

(r) Fair value
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation
hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Categorization within the valuation
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels are defined as follows:
Level 1—Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2—Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
Level 3—Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
Certain of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses
and other current liabilities are carried at cost, which approximates their fair value because of their short-term nature. See Note 7 for investments that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis.



                                                                                74
