                     5.1      SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE FEE. You agree to pay us a nonrecurring and
                              nonrefundable successor franchise fee in the amount of ____________
                              ($_______.00) U.S. Dollars, due when you execute this Agreement (“Successor
                              Franchise Fee”).

        6.   TRAINING, ASSISTANCE, AND METHODS OF OPERATION.

              a.   Article 6.1 of the Successor Agreement with the heading “Training,” is hereby deleted in its
                   entirety.

              b.   In Article 6.2 of the Successor Agreement under the heading “Refresher Training,” the
                   following language is hereby inserted at the end of the paragraph:

                     If we require refresher training, your (or your Responsible Owner’s or Approved
                     Operator’s) failure to complete additional required training to our satisfaction is a material
                     breach of this Agreement.

        7.   PLANET FITNESS METHODS OF OPERATION.

              a.   In Article 9.2 of the Successor Agreement under the heading “Modification of Methods of
                   Operation,” the second sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
                   following:

                     Any such modifications may obligate you to invest additional capital in the BUSINESS in
                     addition to any requirements set forth in Appendix H hereto (“Capital Modifications”),
                     and/or incur higher operating costs; provided, however, that such modifications will not
                     alter your fundamental status and rights under this Agreement.

              b.   In Article 9.3(2) of the Successor Agreement under the subheading “Re-equipment,” the
                   following language is inserted at the end of the paragraph:

                     The requirements listed in Appendix H apply in addition to requirements above.

              c.   In Article 9.3(3) of the Successor Agreement under the subheading “Remodeling,” the first
                   sentence is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                     Remodeling. You must periodically upgrade and/or remodel your BUSINESS premises, as
                     we may reasonably require, pursuant to our plans and specifications (which may include
                     the placement of additional cardio, fitness and amenity equipment), provided, however,
                     that with the exception of signage, we will not require substantial remodeling or upgrades
                     more often than every twelve (12) years except as otherwise set forth in Appendix H.

        8.   MARKETING.

              a.   Article 10.2(1) of the Successor Agreement, with the subheading “Pre-Sale/Grand Opening
                   Marketing,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

              b.   In Article 10.2(2) of the Successor Agreement under the subheading “Ongoing Local
                   Marketing,” the words “and the Pre-Sale/Grand Opening Marketing Expense” in subsection
                   (a) are deleted in their entirety.

              c.   In Article 10.3 of the Successor Agreement under the heading “Advertising Cooperatives,”
                   the third sentence is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                     If your BUSINESS is within the territory of an existing Cooperative, you agree to
                     immediately become a member of the Cooperative.




FDD – 2025                          PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName SA - 3                         PLANET FITNESS®
