radio, Internet, newspaper, billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral and promotional items,
advertising on public vehicles (transit and aerial) and, if not provided by us, cost of producing
approved materials necessary to participate in these media. Advertising expenditures do not
include amounts spent for items which we deem inappropriate for meeting the minimum
advertising requirement, including permanent on-premises signs, promotional club expenses for
items to be distributed onsite (such as T-shirts, pens, stickers, pizza, bagels, and member
identification, but excluding other mandatory giveaway items), lighting, personnel salaries or
administrative costs, transportation vehicles (even though such vehicles may display the Marks),
Yellow Pages advertising, discounts, free offers, member retention efforts (other than working
media) and employee incentive programs. We may modify the list of advertising expenditures in
the Operations Manual at any time. We must approve any advertising you create on your own,
including any websites or other web pages, social media or social networking sites, before you use
them. You must submit written samples of any advertising you propose to create on your own to
us at least 30 days before its production. If you do not receive written approval from us within 15
days after our receipt, the advertising will be deemed disapproved.

        If we approve the relocation of your PLANET FITNESS business, you must develop a
marketing plan for the relocation, which may cover the Relocation Period. We may require you to
spend up to $30,000 per every 30 days during the Relocation Period in accordance with your
relocation marketing plan. Compliant relocation marketing expenditures will count towards your
LAF expenditure requirement.

      If we adjust the annual NAF requirement, we will make corresponding adjustments to the
LAF requirements. Your combined LAF and NAF requirements will not exceed 9% of the EFT
Dues Draft.

       National Advertising Fund

        You must pay to NAF, our National Advertising Fund, a fee of up to 3% of the EFT Dues
Draft as described in Item 6 (the “Annual NAF Percentage”). The Annual NAF Percentage is 2%
of monthly membership fees and $49 annual membership fees. During 2026 only, the Annual NAF
Percentage will be 2% of the EFT Dues Draft, plus 1% of Monthly EFT. We can increase the
Annual NAF Percentage to up to 3% of the EFT Dues Draft upon 180 days’ notice to you. If we
adjust the Annual NAF Percentage, we will make corresponding adjustments to the monthly NAF
requirements. We can also increase the maximum 3% limit of the Annual NAF Percentage (as
well as the LAF expenditure requirements) by obtaining approval of either (i) 66% of all then
existing company-owned and franchised PLANET FITNESS businesses in the United States, or
(ii) 51% of all then existing franchised PLANET FITNESS businesses in the United States.
Voting will be accomplished through a system approved by us. (Article 10.1)

       If your PLANET FITNESS business has opened as of March 31 of the then-current
calendar year.

       The Annual NAF Percentage may fluctuate by up to 1 basis point due to the estimation
involved in calculating the December NAF Percentage (defined below). Except for 2026, you must
contribute to the NAF an amount equal to the following percentages of the EFT Dues Draft each
month (the “NAF Percentage”):

FDD – September 2025                                                           PLANET FITNESS®
                                                42
