             studio, aerobics center or any business or other venture offering digital fitness classes, content,
             instruction or advice (other than a PLANET FITNESS Business). Notwithstanding the foregoing
             definition, the parties acknowledge and agree that a med-spa business is not a “Competitive Business.”

             “Confidential Information” - Defined in Article 8.1.

             “Construction Development Plans” – Defined in Article 4.4.

             “Controlling Interest” – (a) a direct or indirect ownership interest of fifty percent (50%) or more in
             you or (b) the power to, directly or indirectly, direct your affairs by reason of ownership of voting
             securities, by contract, or otherwise.

             “Cooperatives” – Defined in Article 10.3.

             “Data Event” – Defined in Article 9.14.

             “Data Rules” – Defined in Article 9.14.

             “December NAF Percentage” – Defined in Article 10.1.

             “Designated Account” – Defined in Article 5.3.

             “Designated Franchise Portal” – Our online portal or portals that provide information, resources, and
             support to PLANET FITNESS franchisees and their PLANET FITNESS Businesses.

             “Digital Pre-Sale” – Defined in Article 4.6.

             “Diligence Request” – Defined in Article 13.8.

             “Effective Date” – The date that we enter into this Agreement as noted on the signature page.

             “EFT” – The electronic transfer of funds (including without limitation from a credit card, debit card,
             or bank account) and payment by check or any other means (including without limitation any other
             current or future form of pre-authorized payment).

             “EFT Dues Draft” - The total gross monthly and annual membership fees for the BUSINESS that are
             due and payable to you each month and annually, as applicable, by or on behalf of your members,
             regardless of the amount of membership fees you actually collect and exclusive of any federal, state
             or local tax deductions or offsets. For the avoidance of doubt, the EFT Dues Draft includes any
             payments by EFT or other means, made by or on behalf of members, including payments made by
             any third party on a member’s behalf, for recurring membership dues or fees, with the exception of
             paid-in-full memberships, which are addressed separately in Article 9.11.

             “Entity” – A corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or any other type of legal entity.

             “Event of Default” – Defined in Article 15.2.

             “Excluded Affiliates” - Affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries with ultimate owners that are not part of
             your ownership structure and will not receive any consideration or value from the transaction out of
             which the General Release arises.

             “FDD” – Franchise Disclosure Document.

             “Force Majeure Event” – Defined in Article 19.5.




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 3                        PLANET FITNESS®
