                            whether approved by us or not. We may also require the Cooperative to submit annual or
                            other periodic marketing plans to us for our prior approval. We may require that such plans
                            be submitted within forty-five (45) days of our request, or, on an annual basis, at least
                            ninety (90) days prior to the proposed execution thereof, and that such plans contain the
                            Marketing Plan Items. Proposed advertising plans or materials shall be deemed to have
                            been disapproved if they have not been approved by us within fifteen (15) Business Days
                            after their receipt by us. Our approval of such plans shall not be unreasonably withheld or
                            conditioned. We may require the Cooperative to work with an advertising or media agency
                            that we designate or have approved to administer its advertising. Our review and approval
                            of your or a Cooperative’s advertising materials is solely for the purpose of ensuring that
                            such materials meet our standards. You and the Cooperative are solely responsible for
                            ensuring that such materials comply with applicable law.

                (7)         At our request, you shall furnish us with copies of such information and documentation
                            evidencing your Cooperative contributions as we may require in order to evidence your
                            compliance with this Article 10.3.

         10.4   SPECIAL MARKETING PROGRAMS AND CAMPAIGNS. We may, upon reasonable notice
                to you (which may be by e-mail in lieu of compliance with the requirements of Article 20.1), require
                you to:

                      (1)        participate in and contribute funds to special marketing programs (which may include
                                 national campaigns, marketing partnerships and promotional offers) that we develop
                                 and administer from time to time (the “Special Marketing Program Fee”). The Special
                                 Marketing Program Fee for any one special marketing program may not exceed 7%
                                 of Monthly EFT for a single month. The Special Marketing Program fee may be fully
                                 assessed in a single month or spread across months (e.g., 1% of Monthly EFT in the
                                 first month, 3% of Monthly EFT in the second month and 3% of Monthly EFT in the
                                 third month). The Special Marketing Program Fee shall be counted toward your
                                 required LAF expenditure for the applicable period or such longer period as we may
                                 reasonably determine. We may collect the Special Marketing Program Fee from you
                                 as provided in Article 5.9 hereof.

                      (2)        spend local marketing funds in general alignment with national campaigns. Such
                                 funds shall be counted towards your required LAF expenditures, provided that they
                                 are otherwise spent in compliance with Article 10.2 hereof.

         10.5   PARTICIPATION IN INTERNET WEBSITES OR OTHER ELECTRONIC
                COMMUNICATIONS. You must, at your expense, participate in designated PLANET FITNESS
                websites and mobile applications on the Internet, including without limitation an intranet system
                and third-party websites that we designate, unless we otherwise approve in writing. We determine
                the content and use of the Internet websites and mobile applications, and have the sole right to
                establish the rules under which franchisees may or must participate in the Internet websites and
                mobile applications or separately use the Internet or other on-line communications. We retain all
                rights relating to the PLANET FITNESS Internet websites and mobile applications and may alter
                or terminate such websites or mobile applications. Your general conduct on the Internet websites,
                mobile applications, or other authorized electronic communications, and specifically your use of the
                Marks or any advertising on the Internet websites, mobile applications, or other authorized
                electronic communications (including the domain name and any other Marks we may develop as a
                result of participation in the Internet websites or other on-line communications), is subject to the
                provisions of this Agreement and the related standards and restrictions we specify from time to time
                in the Operations Manual. Without our prior written consent, you may not use, reference or
                otherwise promote the Marks or System in connection with any current or future form of social
                media networks or platforms, including, without limitation, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and
                LinkedIn, TikTok, Snapchat and Pinterest; online review or opinion sites like Google Business
                Profiles or Yelp; live-blogging tools; virtual worlds, avatars, and metaverses, and other similar




FDD - 2025                                PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 42                       PLANET FITNESS®
