Table of Contents



There were no material changes to the terms of any debt obligations in the three months ended March 31, 2025. The Company was in compliance with its debt
covenants as of March 31, 2025.

Off-balance sheet arrangements
As of March 31, 2025, our off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of guarantees of lease agreements for certain franchisees up to a maximum period of ten
years with earlier expiration dates possible if certain conditions are met. Our maximum total obligation under these lease guarantee agreements is
approximately $4.3 million and would require payment only upon default by the primary obligor. The estimated fair value of these guarantees as of March 31,
2025 was not material, and no accrual has been recorded for our potential obligation under these arrangements.

Critical accounting policies and use of estimates
There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and use of estimates from those described under “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk
There have been no significant changes to the Company’s market risk during the three months ended March 31, 2025. Refer to “Part II. Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for a discussion of the Company’s
exposure to market risk.

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q.
There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the
circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their control objectives.
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of March 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits with the Securities
and Exchange Commission is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules
and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

                                                              PART II-OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings
We are currently involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business, most of which are covered by insurance. We do not
believe that the ultimate resolution of these actions will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or
capital resources nor do we believe that there is a reasonable possibility that we will incur material loss as a result of such actions. However, a significant
increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors
Refer to the “Risks Factors” section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for a discussion of risks to which our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the aforementioned
Annual Report.




                                                                                35
