              Bylaws of the [________] Planet Fitness Advertising Cooperative


                4.      Management of Co-op. To ensure the timely, effective, and efficient
collection and use of the Co-op’s monies for cooperative advertising as required under the
Members’ Franchise Agreements, the Members agree that the Manager shall manage the Co-op
and develop and implement the Marketing Plan as provided in these Bylaws. Certain duties and
tasks attributed to the Manager may, with the approval of the Co-op, be delegated to and/or
performed by a single or multiple Approved Marketing Agencies. The Manager may not have
ownership or legal affiliation in any agency, contractor or business that provides services to the
Co-op. Any Manager must be affiliated with a Member in Good Standing. The Manager shall
work collaboratively with Franchisor.

                5.     Limitations on Powers. The Co-op shall have no right to own, accept,
acquire, mortgage, or dispose of real property. The Co-op shall have no right to procure, invest,
or retain funds except to carry forward surplus funds to the next marketing calendar period. No
Member, or representative of a Member, shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Co-op for any
purpose or in any manner, except as specified or otherwise permitted by these Bylaws.

Section III -- Membership

         A.      Membership; Cooperative Area. Each Planet Fitness Club (including any
Planet Fitness Club owned by Franchisor or any of its affiliates) physically located within the
Cooperative Area shall be a Member of the Co-op. The Co-op shall keep a list of the Members
of the Co-op, and shall update that list as necessary to reflect new Members and to remove
Members that no longer qualify for membership. Franchisor will provide the Co-op with such
information as may be reasonably necessary to determine membership in the Co-op, e.g., provide
the Co-op with notice when a new Planet Fitness Club opens or when a Planet Fitness Club
permanently closes or when a Planet Fitness Club is sold inside of the Cooperative Area.
Franchisor shall have the exclusive right to modify the Cooperative Area at any time in its sole
discretion. Membership for a Planet Fitness Club in the Cooperative Area begins on the later of
(a) thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of these Bylaws or (b) thirty (30) days after the
opening of the Planet Fitness Club in a permanent location.

        B.      Termination of Membership; Expulsion; No Transfer. Membership in the Co-
op shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the expiration (without the Member’s
acquisition of a successor franchise), or termination of a Member’s Franchise Agreement; or (ii)
the permanent closing of the Member’s Planet Fitness Club. Membership in the Co-op is non-
transferrable.

       C.      Compliance with Bylaws. Each Member shall abide by these Bylaws and the
duly authorized decisions of the Co-op and/or the Manager.

        D.     Representatives. Each Ownership Group shall designate a Representative by
written notice provided to the Co-op and Franchisor. The Representative must represent all
Members in the Ownership Group and have authority to vote on all items permitted for vote
under these Bylaws on their behalf. Each Ownership Group may, from time to time, replace said
Representative with a different individual upon five (5) days’ written notice to the Co-op and
Franchisor.



                                                 3
