       The following information relates to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024:

        Of the 84 corporate-owned clubs in the Bottom Third: 49 (or 58%) met or exceeded
average EBITDAR in the table above; of the 84 corporate-owned clubs in the Middle Third: 42
(or 50%) met or exceeded average EBITDAR in the table above; and of the 84 corporate-owned
clubs in the Upper Third: 29 (or 35%) met or exceeded average EBITDAR in the table above.

        Of the 84 corporate-owned clubs in the Bottom Third: 51 (or 61%) met or exceeded
average EBITDA in the table above; of the 84 corporate-owned clubs in the Middle Third: 48 (or
57%) met or exceeded average EBITDA in the table above; and of the 84 corporate-owned clubs
in the Upper Third: 39 (or 46%) met or exceeded average EBITDA in the table above.

       General Notes to Item 19:

       Some locations have earned or sold these amounts. Your individual results may differ.
There is no assurance that you’ll earn and/or sell as much.

        1.      Certain markets have substantially higher labor costs than others and you are urged
to investigate local labor costs before making any assumptions about what your costs will be.
Sales, expenses, and operating revenue results of these clubs depended upon many independent
variable factors including the location and visibility of the club, local traffic patterns, the
demographic composition and trends of the market area served by the club, the competitive
environment, the region and market area in which the club is located, the length of time the club
had been in operation, the quality of the management and service at the club, and other factors.

       2.       You have the sole responsibility for developing your own business plan for your
proposed club or territory, including capital budgets, pro forma financial statements, sales and
expense projections and other elements appropriate to the particular circumstances you anticipate
for your club. In developing the business plan, you are cautioned to make necessary allowance for
changes in financial results that may occur due to any of the factors listed above, for any and all
ranges of general economic conditions that may exist now or in the future, or for any other
circumstances that may impact the operation and performance of the business.

      3.       Percentages have been rounded to the nearest percent. Dollar amounts have been
rounded to the nearest whole dollar.

        4.      Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any
financial performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives
to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing
outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any
other financial performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it
to the franchisor’s management by contacting Jason Bauman, Associate General Counsel,
Franchising at 4 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, NH 03842 and (603) 750-0001, the Federal Trade
Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.

      5.     We recommend that you make your own independent investigation to determine
whether you should purchase a franchise. We suggest strongly that you consult your financial


FDD – September 2025                                                           PLANET FITNESS®
                                                84
