                                  KPMG LLP
                                  Two Financial Center
                                  60 South Street
                                  Boston, MA 02111




                                                 Independent Auditors’ Report


The Board of Managers
Planet Fitness Franchising LLC:

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Planet Fitness Franchising LLC (the Company), which comprise
the balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in
member's equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be
independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant
ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Emphasis of Matter
As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company has various agreements with its parent
and affiliates related to administrative, management,                   support activities and various other items. The
accompanying financial statements may not be indicative of conditions that would have existed if the Company
had been operated as an unaffiliated entity. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of
internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or
events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued.

Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of


                                  KPMG LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of
                                  the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with
                                  KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.
