                   22.2.2 Any arbitration must be on an individual basis only as to a single group of PLANET
FITNESS Businesses under common control with each other (and not as or through an association) and the parties
and the arbitrator will have no authority or power to proceed with any claim on a class-wide basis or otherwise to join
or consolidate any claim with any claim or any other proceeding involving third parties or any other unaffiliated
franchisee. If a court or arbitrator determines that this limitation on joinder of or class-wide claims is unenforceable,
then the agreement to arbitrate the dispute will be null and void and the parties must submit all claims to the jurisdiction
of the courts, in accordance with Article 24.

                 22.2.3 The arbitration must take place in Portsmouth, New Hampshire (or in the city of our then-
current headquarters, if our headquarters are no longer in New Hampshire).

                   22.2.4 The arbitrator must follow the law and not disregard the terms of this Agreement. The
arbitrator may not consider any settlement discussions or offers that might have been made by either you or us. The
arbitrator may not under any circumstance (a) stay the effectiveness of any pending termination of this Agreement,
(b) assess punitive or exemplary damages, (c) certify a class or consolidated action, or (d) make any award which
extends, modifies or suspends any lawful term of this Agreement or any reasonable standard of business performance
that we set. If the arbitrator determines that any contractual limitations period provided for in this Agreement is not
applicable or enforceable, then the parties agree to be bound by the provision of any statute of limitations which would
otherwise be applicable to the controversy, dispute or claim which is the subject of any arbitration proceeding initiated
hereunder. The arbitrator will decide any factual, procedural, or legal questions relating in any way to the dispute
between the parties, including, but not limited to: any decision as to whether Article 22 is applicable and enforceable
as against the parties, subject matter, timeliness, scope, remedies, unconscionability, and any alleged fraud in the
inducement.

                  22.2.5 Other than as may be required by law, the entire arbitration proceedings (including, but not
limited to, any rulings, decisions or orders of the arbitrator), will remain confidential and will not be disclosed to
anyone other than the parties to this Agreement.

                  22.2.6 We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to advance your share of the costs of any
arbitration proceeding in order for such arbitration proceeding to take place and by doing so will not be deemed to
have waived or relinquished our right to seek recovery of those costs in accordance with Article 22.4.

                               22.3 Injunctive Relief/No Waiver of Arbitration. Notwithstanding Articles 22.1 and
                      22.2 of this Agreement, either party shall have the right to request injunctive relief (without any
                      requirement to post a bond) from any court of competent jurisdiction, including, without
                      limitation, application for judicial relief to protect against trademark infringement, unauthorized
                      use of trademark, loss of possession of real or personal property, violations of non-competition
                      or confidentiality obligations, termination of this Agreement, or to maintain the efficacy of an
                      ongoing arbitration, and that such request shall not constitute a waiver of the moving party’s
                      right to demand arbitration of any dispute pursuant to Article 22 and its subparts.

                                22.4 Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding
                      arising under, out of, in connection with, or in relation to this Agreement will be entitled to
                      recover its reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees, arbitrator’s fees and expert
                      witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, and other arbitration or
                      litigation expenses) incurred in connection with the claims on which it prevailed. If any party
                      does not participate in mediation after receiving a written demand to do so, as required hereunder,
                      such party will be required to pay the reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees,
                      arbitrator’s fees and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs,
                      and other arbitration or litigation expenses) of the other party after such party’s failure to
                      participate in the mediation.

                               22.5 Survival. The provisions of this Article 22 are intended to benefit and bind certain
                      third-party non-signatories and will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
                      notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.




FDD - 2025                                      #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 28                            PLANET FITNESS®
