       You may use only marketing and promotional materials that we have approved.

       You are not limited in the type of customers to whom you may sell approved products or
services except to the extent limited by applicable law or regulation. You must participate in all
required national campaigns, national accounts and promotional offers that we establish and
comply with their applicable terms.

        All members must be properly accounted for in our POS system as well as other member
records. We may require you to give full reciprocity to members of other PLANET FITNESS
businesses at your PLANET FITNESS business, which would require you to give members of
other PLANET FITNESS businesses the full benefits of membership at your PLANET
FITNESS business including unlimited access and, potentially, without any payment to you. You
must also comply with our member transfer policies, which may require you to transfer a member’s
monthly dues and annual fees to another PLANET FITNESS business. We can also implement
pricing policies, such as maximum price policies, and minimum advertised price policies, and you
must abide by these policies.

                              ITEM 17
       RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
                    THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

      This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.

                       Article Article Article Article
Provision              in FA1 in AA1 in SA1 in CA1                      Summary
a. Length of the          3      2       3       2     We offer franchises with a term of 12
   franchise term                                      years from the date you begin operations.
                                                       However, upon written request we may
                                                       grant you up to a 1 year extension or up to
                                                       a 2 year reduction of the term to match the
                                                       expiration of your lease term.

                                                        Successor Amendment: We offer
                                                        successor franchises with the term
                                                        required by your initial franchise
                                                        agreement.

                                                        Acquisition Amendment: We offer
                                                        franchises for the remainder of the term of
                                                        the franchise that you are acquiring.

                                                        Conversion Amendment: We offer
                                                        franchises with a term of 12 years.




FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 65
