quarters (in addition to the amounts required to meet your annual local advertising spending
requirement). If your PLANET FITNESS business is not open for an entire month, quarter, or
year, the minimum dollar amount that must be spent for that month, quarter, or year will be
prorated for the portion of the year, quarter, or month the club was open. The minimum percentages
are not prorated.

          These amounts spent on local advertising will be designated as Local Advertising Funds
(“LAF”). If you own and operate multiple PLANET FITNESS businesses in the same market
area and LAF spending for those PLANET FITNESS businesses is not separated, you can meet
your LAF spending requirement on an aggregate basis. But we can require you to meet the LAF
spending requirement on an individualized basis for a PLANET FITNESS business: (a) during
its first year of operation, or (b) if we determine hyper-marketing for the business is necessary due
to market conditions like competition.

        We may, from time to time, administer a system-wide program in which we offer to match
local advertising funds spent in excess of certain thresholds.

        If you do not comply with your LAF requirements, we may (i) collect the LAF from you
and administer them on your behalf, and collect from you the administrative costs we incur during
this process based on a reasonable allocation of personnel salaries, benefits, and overhead for the
time spent by our employees to administer the LAF on your behalf (which we anticipate to be
about 8% of the funds administered), or (ii) collect the amount by which you underspent and
contribute that amount to the NAF.

        If you believe that your PLANET FITNESS business should not be required to spend the
LAF at the levels specified above, you may request approval for an alternative local marketing
plan with a lower proposed LAF (“ALMP”) by submitting, for approval by us, a detailed proposed
ALMP and specifying the reasons for your request. We will try to respond to this request within
60 days after you provide us with all information we request. We will make our decision in our
reasonable business discretion and base it on such factors as market saturation, competition, and
the use of an approved cooperative, among other factors. If the ALMP is approved by us in writing,
your compliance with the ALMP will constitute compliance with the LAF requirements. Our
approval of an ALMP does not grant you an automatic right to any future ALMP.

        We may collect the LAF (in whole or in part) from all franchisees and administer it on their
behalf if we determine this is appropriate. We will provide you with at least 30 days’ notice if we
change the amount you must spend, how the amount must be spent, or whether the amount is to
be collected by us. If we collect LAF contributions directly from you, LAF contributions will be
payable on the first business day following the immediately preceding reporting period, together
with the Royalty fees. The funds may be electronically drafted. The LAF monies will be used to
pay for the cost of implementing local marketing plans developed by you and approved by us or,
if we collect LAF contributions from you, to reimburse you (up to an amount not to exceed the
LAF contributions so collected) for the costs you incur in implementing local marketing plans
developed by you and approved by us.

        For these purposes, advertising expenditures include: (a) amounts contributed to
advertising cooperatives; and (b) amounts spent by you for advertising media, such as television,

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 41
