                      fail to cure the default within such period of time, we may exercise the remedies set forth in
                      Article 9.5 with immediate effect upon delivery to you of a Remedy Notice as set forth in Article
                      9.5.5.

                               9.5 Remedies. For any incurable Event of Default and for any curable Event of
                      Default that remains uncured upon the expiration of the applicable cure period, we shall have the
                      remedies set forth below. Such remedies are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies
                      or recourse we may have against you at law or in equity, including commencing a legal
                      proceeding to collect damages due to such default. Other than as provided in Article 6.2, we may
                      not, however, collect lost royalties or lost profits due to your failure to develop the PLANET
                      FITNESS Businesses called for by the Development Schedule.

                  9.5.1     Termination. We have the right to terminate this Agreement.

                   9.5.2   Alternatives to Termination. Without waiving our right to terminate this Agreement (or
any other rights), we have the right to take one or more of the following actions:

                            9.5.2.1. reduce the size of the Development Area;

                            9.5.2.2. modify the Development Schedule (in terms of timing and/or number of units to
                                     be opened);

                            9.5.2.3. require you to execute our then-current form of general release;

                            9.5.2.4. require you to execute our then-current form of Area Development Agreement,
                                     which shall replace this Agreement and which may contain materially different
                                     terms and conditions; and/or

                            9.5.2.5. remove the territorial protection described in Article 2;

                   9.5.3    Effect of Alternative Remedies. You shall hold us and our representatives harmless with
respect to any action we take pursuant to Article 9.5.2; and you agree that we shall not be liable for any loss, expense,
or damage you incur because of any action we take pursuant to Article 9.5.2. You agree that our exercise of our rights
pursuant to Article 9.5.2 shall not be deemed an actual or constructive termination of this Agreement or of any other
agreement between us and you, and shall not be deemed a breach of any provision of this Agreement. If we exercise
our rights in Article 9.5.2, you acknowledge that we are not obligated to grant you any subsequent or additional
extensions on the Development Schedule or the Development Milestones.

                   9.5.4    Injunctive Relief. You agree that, with respect to the default listed in Article 9.1.13,
damages alone cannot adequately compensate us and injunctive relief is essential for our protection. You therefore
agree that in case of any alleged breach or violation of Article 14, we may seek injunctive relief without posting any
bond or security, in addition to all other remedies that may be available to us at equity or law.

                    9.5.5    Exercise of Remedies. We may exercise the remedies set forth in Article 9.5.1 and Article
9.5.2 by written notice to you (a “Remedy Notice”) for an Event of Default listed in Article 9.1. We may deliver the
Remedy Notice (i) for an incurable Event of Default, immediately upon such default or at any time thereafter, or
(ii) for a curable Event of Default, after the expiration of the applicable cure period without cure. The Remedy Notice
shall specify the applicable default, your failure to cure it, if applicable, and any remedies we are then exercising. With
respect to the Events of Default listed in Article 9.1.1-9.1.9, termination of this Agreement shall be automatically
effective immediately upon such Event of Default, without the need for prior or concurrent notice to you.

                              9.6 Franchise Agreements May Not be Affected. Failure to comply with the
                      Development Schedule or the Development Milestones shall not, by itself, be the basis for a
                      default under any Franchise Agreement executed hereunder. Upon termination of this
                      Agreement, (i) you will continue to pay all required fees and operate the PLANET FITNESS




FDD - 2025                                     #ADA0000 (areas of XXX) - 11                            PLANET FITNESS®
