obligations under the Franchise Agreement. Your PLANET FITNESS business must, at all times,
be managed by you, one of your owners, an Approved Operator, or by a manager who has
completed our initial training program to our satisfaction. Your manager need not have an equity
interest in the franchise. You or your management must also log in to Designated Franchise Portal
at least once per week in connection with the development and operation of your PLANET
FITNESS business.

       You must implement all reasonable procedures we periodically prescribe to prevent
unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information. These procedures include the use of
nondisclosure agreements with your owners, Approved Operator, officers, directors, managers,
and assistant managers. You must deliver these agreements to us. At the end of the term of a
Franchise Agreement, you must deliver to us all confidential information.

        If you or one of your affiliates have entered into an Area Development Agreement with us
and are entering into a Franchise Agreement under that Area Development Agreement, and you
are a business corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, you must
be at least 51% owned or controlled by a person or group of people that has at least a 51%
ownership interest in and voting control of the entity that signed the Area Development
Agreement, unless we otherwise approve. If you are an entity or partnership we must approve in
advance your ownership structure.

         If you are a partnership or other entity, any person who has a ten percent (10%) or greater
interest in you must sign the Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations agreeing to be personally bound
by the Franchise Agreement and guaranteeing your obligations under it. Every person who has an
interest in you must sign a confidentiality and non-competition agreement, or be designated a silent
investor, unless we agree otherwise. If (a) an approved affiliate maintains a majority interest in at
least five (5) PLANET FITNESS businesses which are open and operating; or (b) an approved
affiliate entity has a majority interest in PLANET FITNESS businesses which collectively have
maintained annual EFT revenues for at least 2 consecutive years of at least $1,200,000; such
approved affiliate entity may sign the Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations in lieu of your
individual owners.

        A copy of this guarantee is contained in Appendix B of the Franchise Agreement attached
to this Disclosure Document. We do not currently require the spouses of owners to sign a personal
guaranty. Copies of the confidentiality and non-competition agreements are contained in
Appendix C of the Franchise Agreement and Exhibit C of the Area Development Agreement.

                                  ITEM 16
               RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

        Item 8 of this Disclosure Document describes our requirements for approved supplies and
suppliers. You may offer only the products and services we have approved in writing. You must
offer all services and products that we designate as required for franchisees. We can change these
products and services periodically and you must offer the modified or new products or services
and discontinue offering those that we have disapproved. Any failure to comply with our Methods
of Operations, Means & Methods or Operations Manual may result in termination of your
Franchise Agreement (See Item 17).

FDD – September 2025                                                             PLANET FITNESS®
                                                 64
