facility business, you will already have a site for your PLANET FITNESS franchise location,
subject to our approval before you sign a Franchise Agreement with us.

       Neither our approval of the site nor any information communicated to you regarding our
standard site selection criteria for PLANET FITNESS locations will constitute a warranty or
representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability of the site for a PLANET
FITNESS location. Our approval of the proposed site merely signifies that we are willing to grant
a franchise for a PLANET FITNESS location at the site. Your PLANET FITNESS location
may not be relocated unless you first obtain our written consent and meet our relocation
requirements. We will approve a relocated site if it meets our then-current site selection criteria.

        We estimate the time from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement to the date you open
your PLANET FITNESS location to be between 8 and 15 months. However, this time estimate
may vary depending on numerous factors including location, construction schedules, permitting
requirements, the availability of equipment, materials and labor, and financing. You must lease,
sublease or purchase a location we approve within 6 months of your signing the Franchise
Agreement (Article 4.2). You must begin construction of your location within 120 days after
signing your lease or purchasing the property, and you must complete construction within 120
days after beginning construction (Article 4.4). The development timelines required by the
Franchise Agreement are independent of the development timelines required by the Area
Development Agreement (see Item 17). If you and we cannot agree on a suitable location for your
franchise within the required timeframe, if you fail to begin construction within the required
timeframe, or if you fail to complete construction within the required timeframe, we may terminate
the Franchise Agreement and retain your Initial Franchise Fee. Your PLANET FITNESS
location must be open and operating within 360 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement, or
in the case of a ground-up build, 480 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement, and in either
case, within 5 days after we notify you that the conditions to opening have been satisfied (Article
4.8). We may terminate the Franchise Agreement and retain your Initial Franchise Fee and any
other amounts you have paid us or our affiliates if you fail to satisfy any of these timelines.

      We will determine or approve the location of any future locations opened under your Area
Development Agreement based on our then-current standards for site selection.

Advertising

       We have no obligation to conduct advertising.

       Local Advertising Funds

    You must spend the following amounts on locally advertising and promoting your
PLANET FITNESS business:

        During each calendar year, you must spend at least the greater of $60,000 or 7% of
cumulative Monthly EFT for that year. During 2026, you must spend at least the greater of $50,000
or 6% of cumulative Monthly EFT for that year. During the first quarter of each year (including
2026), you must spend at least the greater of $24,000 or 10% of cumulative Monthly EFT for that
quarter. During the second, third and fourth quarters of each year (including 2026), you must spend
at least the greater of $4,000 or 3% of cumulative Monthly EFT during each month in those

FDD – September 2025                                                            PLANET FITNESS®
                                                40
