               substance, be satisfactory to us, must include those lease provisions we may require at that time
               (our current provisions are attached at Appendix E (Lease Provisions) (the “Lease Addendum”) and
               may not include a radius restriction. You hereby irrevocably appoint and designate us as your
               attorney with full power and authority to execute and deliver any documents necessary to exercise
               any right of yours that we are permitted to exercise pursuant to the Lease Addendum or effecting
               any assignment or assumption of your interest in the Lease pursuant to the Lease Addendum. You
               may not execute a Lease without our prior written approval. Our approval of the Lease does not
               constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to its fairness or suitability
               or as to your ability to comply with its terms. We do not, by virtue of approving the Lease, assume
               any liability or responsibility to you or to any third parties. Such approval indicates only that we
               believe that the Location and certain terms of the Lease fall within the acceptable criteria we have
               established as of the time of our approval. You further acknowledge that we have advised you to
               seek legal counsel to review and evaluate the Lease. You must deliver a copy of the fully signed
               Lease to us within five (5) days after its execution. You may not subsequently amend the Lease
               without our prior written consent to: (a) shorten its term such that it expires prior to expiration of
               the Term; or (b) provide the landlord with the right to terminate the Lease without cause prior to the
               expiration of the Term. For the avoidance of doubt, the requirements of this Article 4.2 apply to you
               even if the Location is owned by your Affiliate.

         4.3   RESERVED AREA OF THE LOCATION. You acknowledge and agree that, at any time during
               the Term of the Agreement and upon our reasonable written request, you must lease or sublease to
               us, our Affiliate, or our designee, at the then-current fair market rate in your geographic area for
               like-leased real estate space, a portion of the total square footage of the Location that shall not
               exceed ten (10%) percent of the total square footage of the Location (the “Reserved Area”). You
               acknowledge and agree that we, our Affiliate, or our designee may use the Reserved Area in any
               reasonable manner we deem to be appropriate, provided however, that our, our Affiliate’s, or our
               designee’s use of the Reserved Area shall not materially alter your fundamental rights under this
               Agreement. Further, you acknowledge and agree that we or our Affiliate have the unrestricted right
               to sublease the Reserved Area to a third party designee. You acknowledge and agree that any lease
               or sublease for the Location must reference, in form and substance satisfactory to us, our right to
               sublease the Reserved Area. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary: (a) we will
               pay you the pro rata portion of the actual rental amount paid by you to the landlord under the master
               lease (or the pro rata portion of the mortgage payment paid by you, as applicable) for the space that
               we actually occupy; and (b) in no event will the Reserved Area be used to offer, sell or provide
               personal training services. If we ever exercise our rights pursuant to this Article 4.3, you and we
               agree to (a) use your and our best reasonable commercial efforts to agree on a location that will
               fulfill both our business interests in exercising our rights under this Article 4.3, and your interests
               as owners and operators of the Location; (b) negotiate and reach a reasonable arrangement to share
               in the revenues generated from our use, or our designee’s use, of the Reserved Area; and (c)
               indemnify you from any losses or damages arising from our use, or our designee’s use, of the
               Reserved Area to the extent that such loss or damage is caused by such use. Except as set forth in
               this Article 4.3, you may not use, or allow any other party to use, any part of the BUSINESS for any
               purpose other than your operation of a PLANET FITNESS Business in compliance with this
               Agreement.

         4.4   LOCATION DEVELOPMENT.

               (1)      Design. You are solely responsible for developing the BUSINESS, for all expenses
                        associated with it, for any financing you may require in connection with such development,
                        and for compliance with the requirements of any applicable federal, state or local law, code
                        or regulation, including those concerning the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar
                        rules governing public accommodations for persons with disabilities. We will furnish you
                        with mandatory specifications and layouts for a PLANET FITNESS Business including,
                        but not limited to, requirements for dimensions, design, image, interior layout, decor,
                        fixtures, equipment, signs, furnishings and color scheme. The mandatory specifications and
                        layouts we provide will not contain the requirements of any federal, state or local laws,




FDD - 2025                              PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 12                          PLANET FITNESS®
