Table of Contents



(1)
   The term “debranded” refers to a franchisee-owned club whose right to use the Planet Fitness brand and marks has been terminated in accordance with the franchise
agreement. We retain the right to prevent debranded clubs from continuing to operate as fitness centers. The term “consolidated” refers to the combination of a franchisee’s club
with another club located in close proximity with our prior approval. This often coincides with an enlargement, re-equipment and/or refurbishment of the remaining club.

Same club sales
Same club sales refers to year-over-year sales comparisons for the same club sales base of both corporate-owned and franchisee-owned clubs. We define the
same club sales base to include those clubs that have been open and for which monthly membership dues have been billed for longer than 12 months. We
measure same club sales based solely upon monthly dues billed to members of our corporate-owned and franchisee-owned clubs.
Several factors affect our same club sales in any given period, including the following:
      •   the number of clubs that have been in operation for more than 12 months;
      •   the percentage mix and pricing of PF Black Card and standard Classic Card memberships in any period;
      •   growth in total net memberships per club;
      •   consumer recognition of our brand and our ability to respond to changing consumer preferences;
      •   overall economic trends, particularly those related to consumer spending;
      •   our and our franchisees’ ability to operate clubs effectively and efficiently to meet consumer expectations;
      •   marketing and promotional efforts;
      •   local competition;
      •   trade area dynamics; and
      •   opening of new clubs in the vicinity of existing locations.
We present same club sales as compared to the same period in the prior year for all clubs that have been open and for which monthly membership dues have
been billed for longer than 12 months, beginning with the 13th month and thereafter, as applicable. Same club sales of our international clubs are calculated on
a constant currency basis, meaning that we translate the current year’s same club sales of our international clubs at the same exchange rates used in the prior
year. Since opening new clubs is a significant component of our revenue growth, same club sales is only one measure of how we evaluate our performance.
Clubs acquired from or sold to franchisees are removed from the franchisee-owned or corporate-owned same club sales base, as applicable, upon the ownership
change and for the 12 months following the date of the ownership change. These clubs are included in the corporate-owned or franchisee-owned same club
sales base, as applicable, following the twelfth month after the acquisition or sale. These clubs remain in the system-wide same club sales base in all periods.
The following table shows our same club sales:
                                                                                                                                         Three Months Ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                         2025                     2024
Same club sales growth:
  Franchisee-owned clubs                                                                                                                          6.2 %                    6.3 %
  Corporate-owned clubs                                                                                                                           5.1 %                    6.2 %
  System-wide clubs                                                                                                                               6.1 %                    6.2 %
Number of clubs in same club sales base:
  Franchisee-owned clubs                                                                                                                        2,335                    2,199
  Corporate-owned clubs                                                                                                                           258                      235
  System-wide clubs                                                                                                                             2,593                    2,443

Total monthly dues and annual fees from members (system-wide sales)
We review the total amount of dues we bill to our members on a monthly basis, which allows us to assess changes in the performance of our corporate-owned
and franchisee-owned clubs from period to period, any competitive pressures, local or regional membership traffic patterns and general market conditions that
might impact our club performance. System-wide sales is an operating measure that includes monthly membership dues and annual fee billings by franchisees
that are not revenue realized by the Company in accordance with GAAP, as well as monthly membership dues and annual fee billings by the Company’s
corporate-owned clubs. While the Company does not record sales by franchisees as revenue, and such sales are not



                                                                                       27
