Table of Contents
                                                          Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



(e) Revenue from contracts with customers
The Company’s revenues are comprised of franchise revenue, equipment revenue, and corporate-owned clubs revenue and are accounted for under ASC 606 -
Revenue From Contracts With Customers, net of applicable sales tax.
Franchise revenue
Franchise revenues consist primarily of royalties, contributions to the NAFs (“NAF revenue”), franchise fees and upfront fees from area development
agreements (“ADAs”), transfer fees, equipment placement revenue, membership join fees, and other fees.
The Company’s primary performance obligation under the franchise license is granting certain rights to use the Company’s intellectual property, and all other
services the Company provides under the ADA and franchise agreement are highly interrelated and not distinct within the contract, and therefore accounted for
as a single performance obligation, which is satisfied by granting certain rights to use intellectual property over the term of each franchise agreement.
Royalties and franchisee contributions to national advertising funds, are calculated as a percentage of franchise monthly dues and annual fees over the term of
the franchise agreement. Under the franchise agreements, advertising contributions paid by franchisees must be spent on advertising, marketing and related
activities. Franchise fees are payable by the franchisee upon signing a new franchise agreement or successor franchise agreement, and transfer fees are paid to
the Company when one franchisee transfers a franchise agreement to a different franchisee. Franchise royalties, as well as contributions to the NAFs, represent
sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the performance obligation under the franchise agreement and are recognized as franchise sales occur.
Franchise fees, as well as transfer fees, are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective franchise agreement. ADAs generally
consist of an obligation to grant geographic exclusive area development rights. These development rights are not distinct from franchise agreements, so upfront
fees paid by franchisees for exclusive development rights are deferred and apportioned to each franchise agreement signed by the franchisee. The pro-rata
amount apportioned to each franchise agreement is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the respective franchise agreement.
The Company is generally responsible for assembly and placement of equipment it sells to U.S., Canada, and Mexico based franchisee-owned clubs. Placement
revenue is recognized upon completion and acceptance of the services at the franchise location.
Join fees are paid to the Company by franchisees for processing new membership transactions when a new member signs up for a membership to a franchisee-
owned club. These fees are recognized as revenue as each transaction occurs.
The Company recognizes revenue from its PF Perks program, which are fees and commissions paid to the Company by certain brands and third-party retail
partners for special discounts, promotions and offers to be made available to our members through our mobile application and website.
Corporate-owned clubs revenue
The following revenues are generated from clubs owned and operated by the Company.
Membership dues revenue
Customers are offered multiple membership choices varying in length. Membership dues are earned and recognized over the membership term on a straight-
line basis.
Enrollment fee revenue
Enrollment fees are charged to new members at the commencement of their membership. The Company recognizes enrollment fees ratably over the estimated
duration of the membership life, which is generally two years.
Annual membership fee revenue
Annual membership fees are annual fees charged to members in addition to monthly membership dues. The Company recognizes annual membership fees
ratably over the 12-month membership period or as long as there is a service obligation to the member.
Other fees
The Company collects certain other fees from members in connection with their membership, including fees associated with certain member payments, which
are recognized upon collection.



                                                                              70
