                (3)      remove samples of any products, materials or supplies for testing and analysis;

                (4)      interview personnel and customers of the BUSINESS;

                (5)      inspect and copy any books, records (whether electronic or hard copy) and documents
                         relating to your operation of the BUSINESS, including member and membership
                         information; and

                (6)      retrieve such data and information from your computer system or computer systems which
                         are licensed by you, such as the dues processing platform or accounting platform, including
                         obtaining such information from third parties or vendors.

         12.2   COOPERATION. You agree to cooperate with us fully in connection with any such inspections,
                observations, photographing, videotaping, creation of other electronic records, product removal and
                interviews. We shall have the right to take photographs, videos and other electronic records of the
                BUSINESS and associated signage and premises and to use the foregoing for any purpose including
                in any advertising or promotional material, in any form or medium now existing or later developed.
                We may use the foregoing without providing notice to you or receiving your consent, and we shall
                not be obligated to make attribution or to compensate you for use of the foregoing. Upon our
                request, you shall cooperate with us in taking and arranging for such photographs, videos and other
                electronic records and for obtaining the necessary consents of or assignments from individuals
                depicted in or involved in the foregoing. You irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title and
                interest, if any, in and to all such photographs, videos and other electronic records, together with all
                related intellectual property rights. You agree to present to your customers such evaluation forms
                that we periodically prescribe and to participate and/or request your customers to participate in any
                surveys performed by us or on our behalf.

         12.3   OUR RIGHT TO AUDIT. We have the right at any time during your operating hours, and without
                prior notice to you, to inspect and audit, or cause to be inspected and audited, your (if you are an
                Entity) and the BUSINESS’s business, bookkeeping and accounting records, sales and income tax
                records and returns, marketing documentation, vendor documentation, and other records, but
                excluding employment records. You agree to cooperate fully with our representatives and
                independent accountants to conduct any such inspection, review or audit. In the event such
                inspection, review or audit (a) arises from your failure to furnish reports, supporting records or other
                information as herein required, or to furnish such items on a timely basis, (b) discloses or confirms
                your material noncompliance with this Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not
                include minor operational noncompliance), or (c) is a follow-up audit arising from your prior
                noncompliance with this Agreement disclosed in connection with an audit or inspection, you agree
                to reimburse us for our costs. Such costs may include, but are not limited to, the travel expenses,
                room and board and compensation of our employees, attorneys’ fees and the fees of accountants,
                auditors or other third-party service providers, and the cost of additional follow-up inspections or
                assessments. In the event an inspection or audit reveals that any payments have been understated in
                any report to us, then you shall immediately pay to us the amount understated upon demand, in
                addition to interest from the date such amount was due until paid, as provided in Article 5.4 hereof.
                The foregoing remedies are in addition to our other remedies and rights under this Agreement and
                applicable law.

13.      TRANSFER.

         13.1   BY US. We have the right to directly or indirectly sell, assign, pledge, novate or otherwise transfer,
                in whole or in part, our interest in this Agreement, and any such sale, assignment, pledge, novation
                or other transfer shall inure to the benefit of any assignee, transferee, novatee or other legal successor
                to our interest. Any of our Affiliates may transfer, sell, pledge, dispose of, or otherwise convey, their
                ownership rights in us or any other of our Affiliates, by operation of applicable laws or otherwise,
                including by public offering, to any person without your consent. If we assign or transfer our rights
                or obligations under this Agreement to a third party who expressly assumes our obligations as




FDD - 2025                               PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 45                          PLANET FITNESS®
