Table of Contents
                                                            Planet Fitness, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)



(l) Leases and asset retirement obligations
Leases
The Company leases space to operate corporate-owned clubs, equipment, office, and warehouse space. The Company currently leases the corporate
headquarters, corporate-owned club headquarters and all but one of the corporate-owned clubs. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not
recorded on the balance sheet; the Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company accounts for
fixed lease and non-lease components together as a single, combined lease component. Variable lease costs, which may include common area maintenance,
insurance, and taxes are not included in the lease liability and are expensed in the period incurred.
Corporate-owned club leases generally have original lease terms of 10 to 12 years, and typically include one or more renewal options, with renewal option
terms that can generally extend the lease term from three to 10 years or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company’s sole discretion. The
Company includes renewal options in the expected lease term when they are reasonably certain to be exercised.
At the inception of each lease, the Company determines its appropriate classification as an operating or financing lease. The majority of the Company’s leases
are operating leases. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present value
of lease payments not yet paid, reduced by expected reimbursements from landlords. Operating lease right of use (“ROU”) assets represent the right to use an
underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments, initial direct costs and lease incentives. To determine the present
value of lease payments not yet paid, the Company estimates incremental secured borrowing rates corresponding to the maturities of the leases based upon
interpolated rates using the Company’s Notes. All ROU assets are periodically reviewed for impairment in accordance with standards that apply to long-lived
assets.
The Company has an immaterial amount of non-real estate leases that are accounted for as finance leases under ASC 842 - Leases.
Leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease term. The Company recognizes expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Additionally, tenant incentives used to fund leasehold improvements reduce the ROU asset related to the lease. These tenant incentives are amortized as
reduction of rent expense over the lease term.
The Company’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
Asset retirement obligations
In accordance with ASC Topic 410, Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations, the Company establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of
estimated future costs to return certain leased facilities to their original condition. Such assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease period into
operating expense, and the recorded liabilities are accreted to the future value of the estimated restoration costs.
(m) Property and equipment
Property and equipment is recorded at cost, or fair value when acquired as part of a business combination, and depreciated using the straight-line method over
its related estimated useful life. Upon sale or retirement, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any
related gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Ordinary maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred. The estimated
useful lives of the Company’s property and equipment by class of asset, other than construction in progress, are as follows:
Buildings and building improvements                                                                                                   20 to 40 years
Information technology and systems                                                                                                     3 to 5 years
Fitness equipment                                                                                                                      5 to 7 years
Furniture and fixtures                                                                                                                    5 years
Vehicles                                                                                                                                  5 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                                                  Shorter of useful life of asset or lease term

(n) Advertising expenses
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses for corporate-owned clubs are included within club operations and totaled $43,137,
$39,642 and $31,462 for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition to expenses incurred by our NAFs (“NAF expense”),
advertising related to the franchise segment is included within



                                                                                  72
