                        pursuant to this Agreement or by practical necessity to have your Location ready to open
                        for business.

               (3)      Payments. You shall pay or cause the payment of all undisputed amounts owing to
                        contractors, subcontractors and other suppliers in connection with the construction of your
                        BUSINESS. In the event we receive notice of a mechanic’s lien on the BUSINESS which
                        relates to an amount due that is more than forty-five (45) days past due, we may, after
                        providing you with fourteen (14) days’ prior written notice, and provided that you have not
                        notified us within this fourteen (14) day period that you in good faith are disputing that
                        such amount is due and owing to the supplier, make payment on your behalf of any such
                        overdue amount to the supplier. You agree that any such overdue amount that we pay on
                        your behalf shall be owed to us, shall be promptly paid to us by you and shall be collectible
                        by us as described in Article 5.9 hereof.

         4.5   FIXTURES, FURNISHINGS, EQUIPMENT AND SIGNS. Prior to your commencement of
               operations of your BUSINESS, we will give you lists of the start-up inventory, furniture, fixtures,
               software, equipment and supplies we require you to obtain prior to commencing operations
               hereunder. You agree to use in developing and operating the BUSINESS only those fixtures,
               furnishings, equipment (including point of sale (“POS”) systems, and/or billing systems, multi-
               function printers and computer hardware and software), signs and other items that we have approved
               for PLANET FITNESS Businesses as meeting our specifications and standards. You agree to
               purchase or lease approved brands, types or models of fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs and
               other items we specify only from suppliers we have designated or approved (which may include or
               be limited to us and/or our Affiliates). We may, in our sole discretion, permit you to use other
               suppliers and require you to pay for a subsequent assessment to verify compliance with our
               standards. You agree to place or display at the Location (interior and exterior) only such signs,
               emblems, lettering, logos and display materials that we have approved. You will submit all proposed
               exterior signage and any proposed alterations to the exterior of the BUSINESS for our pre-approval.
               It will be your responsibility to assess the compliance of such approved signage or other alterations
               with federal, state, or local laws or regulations and to obtain any certificates, permits and licenses
               required to place or display them. You agree, at your own expense and subject to Article 9.3, to
               upgrade all equipment, furnishings, fixtures, signs, POS systems, billing systems, computer
               hardware and software, as necessary, in order to bring the BUSINESS into compliance with our
               mandatory Methods of Operation.

         4.6   MEMBERSHIP PRE-SALE. In conjunction with your pre-sale and grand opening marketing
               described in Article 10.2(1), you agree to begin selling memberships at a physical location
               (“Physical Pre-Sale”), unless we otherwise approve, at least forty-five (45) days immediately
               preceding your intended Business Commencement Date. You must begin selling memberships
               online (“Digital Pre-Sale” and together, with Physical Pre-Sale, “Pre-Sale”), unless we otherwise
               approve, on the earlier of (a) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the Physical Pre-Sale or (b) up to
               seventy-five (75) days prior to your intended Business Commencement Date such that the Digital
               Pre-Sale period includes a national sale (not a flash sale). You may not begin Pre-Sale until (1) we
               have approved your Pre-Sale Marketing Plan and (2) you have complied with your obligations under
               this Agreement and under our Methods of Operation that are required to be completed prior to Pre-
               Sale, including, but not limited to, training requirements and development of the BUSINESS in
               accordance with our specifications and standards. Your Pre-Sale must be conducted in accordance
               with the Pre-Sale requirements in our Operations Manual.

         4.7   BUSINESS COMMENCEMENT. You agree not to commence operation of the BUSINESS until:

               (1)      we approve the BUSINESS as developed in accordance with our specifications and
                        standards;

               (2)      preopening training has been completed by you, your Responsible Owner, your Approved
                        Operator, and/or your employees to our satisfaction as provided in Article 6.1;




FDD - 2025                             PF Club ID #XXXX - ClubName FA - 14                       PLANET FITNESS®
