 
 
65 
2025 US HAMPTON 
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade your Hotel’s furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and software and related 
equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then current standards and specifications specified in 
the Manual. These standards will benefit the System as a whole. You must make these changes at your 
sole cost and expense. You must also maintain acceptable product quality ratings at your Hotel and 
maintain the hotel in accordance with the Standards. We may make limited exceptions from some of 
those standards based on local conditions or special circumstances, but we are not required to do so.  
There is no limit on our right to make changes to the System. We make changes to the System based 
on our assessment of the long-term best interests of hotels using the System, considering the interest 
of the System overall.  You must comply with all changes we adopt. We may require that you purchase 
particular models or brands of merchandise for resale to be sold from the hotel from us or from a source 
we designate.  
You must participate in and use the required Reservation Service, including any additions, 
enhancements, supplements or variants which we or our affiliates develop or adopt. You must honor 
and give first priority on available rooms to all confirmed reservations referred to your Hotel through the 
Reservation Service. The Reservation Service is the only reservation service or system you may use 
for outgoing reservations referred by or from your Hotel to other hotels or other reservation services we 
or our affiliates designate. 
You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, all guest frequency programs we or Hilton 
require, including the Hilton Honors Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor programs. You 
must also honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any frequent guest 
program) that we or Hilton offer to the public on your behalf, any room rate quoted to any guest at the 
time the guest makes an advance reservation, and any award guest certificates issued to hotel guests 
participating in these programs. You may not charge any Mandatory Guest Fee without our consent, in 
accordance with the Standards and subject to our requirements granting such consent.   
We periodically adopt programs whereby our Systems and the systems of our affiliates, promote each 
other. Currently, under a program we refer to as “cross-selling,” if a customer calls our Reservations 
Service Center and we are unable to find suitable accommodations in any hotel in the System (and the 
customer would otherwise terminate the phone call), we will try to find suitable accommodations with 
System Hotels (or that of our affiliate). We may implement a common platform for the reservation 
programs of our various hotel systems, so that we can cross-sell the hotels of all our systems (and 
those of our affiliates).    
You may not conduct or permit gaming or casino operations in the hotel or on the hotel premises without 
our express written prior permission, which we may withhold at our sole discretion.  
Except as described in the following sentence, you may not conduct or permit the sale of timeshares, 
vacation ownership, fractional ownership, condominiums, or like schemes at or adjacent to your Hotel 
without our written permission, you may do so only as we permit and we may withhold permission at 
our sole discretion. You may conduct timeshare or condominium sales or marketing at any property that 
you own or lease which is located adjacent to the hotel so long as you do not use any of the Marks in 
these sales efforts and you do not use the hotel or its facilities in these timeshare or condominium sales, 
marketing efforts or business operations.  
You may not share the business operations and your Hotel facilities with any other hotel, inn, conference 
center, lodging facility or similar business without our express permission, which we may withhold for 
any reason. If we permit your Hotel to share facilities with another hotel in our Network (which is also 
