 
 
92 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Exhibit B lists all Brand franchisees who had an outlet terminated, cancelled or not renewed, or 
otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under the Franchise Agreement during 
2024, or who has not communicated with us within 10 weeks of the issuance date of this Disclosure 
Document. 
If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave the 
franchise system. 
During the last 3 fiscal years, some current and former franchisees have signed provisions restricting 
their ability to speak about their experience with us. You may wish to speak with current and former 
franchisees, but be aware that not all such franchisees will be able to communicate with you. 
We have not created, endorsed, or sponsored any trademark-specific franchisee organizations 
associated with the System. There are no trademark-specific franchisee organizations associated with 
the franchise system which are incorporated or otherwise organized under state law and have asked 
us to be included in our disclosure document during the next fiscal year. 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Attached as Exhibit C are our audited consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
the related consolidated statements of operations and member’s capital and cash flows for the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial 
statements.   
 
ITEM 22 
CONTRACTS 
 
The following contracts are attached and made a part of this Disclosure Document: 
 
Exhibit D 
Franchise Agreement with Addendum 
Exhibit D-2 
Development Incentive Promissory Note 
Exhibit E 
Guaranty of Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit F 
Franchise Application 
Exhibit G 
Information Technology System Agreement (HITS Agreement) 
Exhibit K 
Lender Comfort Letter Forms 
These exhibits are SAMPLES ONLY and are not for signature. These documents are not exhaustive 
and may vary significantly from state to state and from transaction to transaction. 
ITEM 23 
RECEIPTS 
Exhibit M contains 2 copies of a detachable receipt.  
