 
 
34 
2025 US HAMPTON 
NOTES 
1. 
See Item 5 for additional information about the Franchise Application Fee. The Franchise 
Application Fee in the table is calculated based on the room count shown in this table. 
2. 
If you apply to convert an existing hotel to a Brand hotel or apply for a Change of Ownership or 
Re-licensing, we charge a PIP fee to determine the upgrading requirements for the hotel   
3. 
For all new Brand hotels, we recommend and may require a market study from a nationally 
recognized independent firm which discusses the competition for your proposed hotel, together with a 
minimum 5-year operating pro forma from you, based on the market study, showing your anticipated 
operating results. While we do not require prospective franchisees who are converting existing hotels 
to obtain a market study, occasionally we may encourage a prospective franchisee to commission a 
market study to evaluate the economic consequences of Conversion. Our acceptance of the market 
study with a pro forma is not a financial performance representation on our part or a ratification of the 
projections performed by the consultant. 
4. 
Before you purchase the land, you should, at a minimum, consider obtaining an environmental 
assessment to determine the environmental condition of the land. Based on this report, additional 
investigations and tests may be necessary before you make your purchase decision. Many lenders will 
require an environmental assessment report before lending purchase money. 
5. 
These estimates do not include the cost of the real property due to wide variations in costs 
among geographic areas and at different sites. The cost of land for a hotel varies depending on location, 
size, market prices in the area, accessibility, and special assessments, among other factors.  If you are 
converting an existing hotel that you already own or lease, you may have no additional real property 
costs.    
6. 
We have estimated these costs based on an 89-room Hampton Inn hotel and a 113-room 
Hampton Inn & Suites hotel with a mix of 81 rooms and 32 studio suites. 
7. 
These estimates relate to a hotel with the elements we require (food and beverage, recreational, 
and other facilities as applicable). These estimates do not take into account local requirements such as 
earthquake requirements or impact fees. Your actual expenditures will depend on many variables, such 
as the size and location of the real property, the quantity and quality of the items being purchased, the 
terms on which the purchases are made, and fluctuations in material and labor costs. You may also 
elect to lease certain items such as the real property. In New Development, building construction costs 
vary greatly from region to region depending on material and labor costs and other variables. In 
Conversions, the renovation costs will vary depending on the age of the facility (including code 
compliance), performance-based requirements (including fire & life safety systems and strategy); the 
use of the existing facility (an existing hotel or an Adaptive Reuse), the condition of the facility (including 
the physical integrity of the structure and envelope), and the state of all accoutrements (including the 
furniture, fixtures, equipment, and finishes) in relationship to conformance with our Brand Standards.  
You are encouraged to independently investigate, before executing the Franchise Agreement, the cost 
of all such items as they will specifically affect your investment.     
8. 
This is an estimate for the total cost of furnishing a Brand hotel of the type and size shown. The 
cost of furniture, fixtures and equipment will depend on the number and type of guest rooms (for 
example, double rooms versus king rooms), the extent of the food and beverage service offered, 
restaurants, lounges and supporting facilities. Estimates for new hotels include the cost of furniture, 
fixtures and equipment for guest rooms, corridors, all public areas, kitchen equipment, laundry 
