HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
at the Hotel, as applicable, on the agreed upon installation date.  If Customer does not purchase the Authorized Equipment from the 
Preferred Provider, HSS will install the Software and any related software at such time as HSS designates in writing to Customer.  The 
Software may be installed in phases such that one or more Software modules may be installed and/or operational prior to other Software 
modules.  The Software modules to be installed will be as set out above and in this Agreement, and Customer hereby agrees to permit 
the Preferred Provider or HSS to install any and all other Software modules on the Authorized Equipment in or at the Hotel, as provided 
for herein. 
C. If Customer purchases Authorized Equipment from a retailer other than the Preferred Provider, Customer will pay for configuring the 
Authorized Equipment purchased from such retailer, with the Software.  Customer will also be responsible for shipping and shipping 
related costs to and from HSS for such configuration. 
1.9 Third Party Interface Testing and Connectivity.  If Customer requires the implementation of any interface Proprietary Software for 
connectivity to third party systems, Customer will be responsible for any fees assessed by the third party vendors to test and implement 
the necessary connectivity.  In addition, Customer will be required to make arrangements with any such third party vendor to provide the 
necessary assistance required to test and to implement the interface connectivity.  This assistance requires the vendor to be on-site at 
the time of testing and implementation, unless the third party vendor can perform all necessary tasks (as defined by HSS) through a 
remote connection to the Customer’s third party system. The cost incurred by any third party vendors for testing and implementing 
connectivity to third party systems will be billed to Customer by HSS, or such vendors for the license of each copy of the Proprietary 
Software and the Certified Third Party Software licensed to Customer by HSS 
1.10 Certain Costs and Payment Terms. 
A.  Software License Fees.  Customer will pay HSS, Preferred Provider or another retailer approved by HSS, a fee for the license of each 
copy of the Proprietary Software and the Certified Third Party Software, licensed or sublicensed to Customer by third parties or installed 
on the Authorized Equipment at the Hotel (the “License Fees”). The License Fee to be paid for PEP, which is a one-time fee, is based on 
the number of guest rooms in Customer’s Hotel 
Number of Guest Rooms  (Tiers)  
 
 
 
 
 
Current License Fees* 
1 to 300 Guest Rooms 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 8,000.00 
301 to 500 Guest Rooms  
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 9,500.00  
501 or more Guest Rooms  
 
 
 
 
 
 
$12,500.00 
*These fees are subject to change. 
If, after paying the original License Fee, the number of guest rooms in Customer’s Hotel is increased to a new tier, Customer will pay the 
difference between the original License Fee and the License Fee payable under the new tier.  As an example, if the Hotel had 280 guest 
rooms and Customer paid the $8,000 License Fee, and then Customer expanded the Hotel to 350 guest rooms, Customer would pay 
HSS an additional $1,500 (the difference between the License Fee for the 1 to 300 guest room tier and the License Fee for the 301 to 
500 guest room tier). 
 
 
 
 
PEP License Fee  
 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneSWFee% 
OnQ® Virus and CAL Licenses 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneVirusSW% 
 
B. Cost of the Authorized Equipment, Certified Third Party Software and Other Fees.  The cost of the Authorized Equipment, Certified 
Third Party Software and other fees are shown below.  The costs will be invoiced to Customer by HSS or by the Preferred Provider. 
Authorized Equipment and Certified Third Party Software 
 
$%SystemTwentyOneHWFee% 
Standard Upgrade Fee 
 
$%StandardUpgradeFee% 
Standard Plus Software License Fees 
 
$%StandardPlusSoftwareFee% 
C. Cost of Training and Training Materials.  The cost of the training is shown below.  This cost will be invoiced to Customer by HSS or 
the third party provider HSS may use at the same time as it renders its invoice to Customer for the License Fees. Additional costs for 
training replacement general managers or other hotel personnel will be invoiced to Customer prior to such training dates. 
Customer will be responsible for charges incurred for use of Virtual Private Network (“VPN”) to access the training hotel.  These costs 
include fees from HSS’s current VPN access provider, for up to 5,000 minutes of network access as well as HSS internal costs for 
configuration services.  VPN access will be terminated for each property at the time of hotel opening or live utilization of the Information 
System. 
Training System Access Fee 
 
$%TrainSysAccessFee% 
There is currently no additional charge for the CBT training modules which are included within the software. 
Information System Planning Workshop  
  
$%SystemTwentyOnePlanningWS% 
