 
 
29 
2025 US HAMPTON 
program elements (in which fees were previously referred to as Quality Assurance Evaluation and Re-
Evaluation Fees as applicable). More than one fee may apply in a particular circumstance. The 
PIP/Renovation Failure and Service Quality Improvement Program fees apply in addition to any other 
quality assurance fees that may apply. If any quality assurance evaluation, re-evaluation, or Special is 
conducted on-site, you must also provide complimentary lodgings for our representative during the 
evaluation. See Items 8 and 11 for details on our quality assurance program, Service Quality 
Improvement Program, and FRCM. 
4. 
We might make certain adjustments to the Service Quality Improvement Program (formerly 
known as the Quality Improvement Program) as program updates are implemented this year, but the 
total fees due will not exceed $50,000 over a 6-month period, plus any applicable third-party vendor 
costs. See Item 11 for details.   
5. 
We may add, remove, or modify our sales and distribution programs at any time. These 
programs may have individual criteria for participation, as well as policies, terms, or rules that must be 
met for continued participation. We may require your Hotel to participate in certain programs or 
combinations of programs. We may also offer optional programs at an additional cost. Some programs 
may utilize automatic enrollment and if your Hotel does not wish to participate it may be required to opt-
out as provided in programs’ policies, terms, or rules. Failure to pay fees or commissions when due, or 
failure to comply with the applicable program policies, terms, and rules may result in the loss of access 
to certain programs or individual sales and distribution channels.   
6. 
You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, our marketing programs not covered by 
Monthly Program Fees, and all guest frequency programs we require, including the Hilton Honors 
Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor programs. You must also honor the terms of any 
discount or promotional programs (including any frequent guest program) that we or Hilton offer to the 
public on your behalf, any room rate quoted to any guest when the guest makes an advance reservation, 
and any award guest certificates issued to hotel guests participating in these programs. We and our 
affiliates' other hotel brands may also participate in these programs. These programs are subject to 
change. You pay your share of the costs of the programs.  
Currently, these programs include the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program operated by Hilton Honors 
Worldwide, and airline and rental car company frequent user programs in which Hilton participates.  
Hilton Honors members may accumulate Hilton Honors points with most stays for all eligible dollars 
spent at participating Hilton Honors hotels. Hilton Honors members may also earn points in connection 
with our special promotions, marketing partnerships, and other activities, programs, and initiatives, 
including for example arrangements we have in place with certain travel programs, credit card 
companies, dining organizations, ride-share companies, and others. The only room rates that are not 
eligible for Hilton Honors points are wholesale/tour operator packages, contracted airline crew rates, 
complimentary or barter rooms, stays on NET Group/Series Group/IT Group rates, contracted 
Entertainment or Encore rates, stays using airline percent-off award certificates, stays that are booked 
via third-party websites other than the websites of Hilton Honors airline partners. Hilton Honors 
members may redeem their accumulated points for discounted and free hotel room nights and other 
rewards. Terms of the Hilton Honors program are subject to change. Pricing is subject to change and 
is reviewed annually. 
These basic program fees are assessed on any stay for which a guest earns Hilton Honors points. 
Additional Hilton Honors bonus points that members earn as a result of promotional activities, programs, 
and initiatives that your Hotel participates in will result in an additional fee payable by your Hotel based 
