 
 
66 
2025 US HAMPTON 
franchised or managed by us or any of our Affiliates), then you must sign the Shared Facilities 
Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, shown in Exhibit D to this Disclosure Document. You are not 
allowed to engage in any tenant-in-common syndication or transfer of any tenant-in-common interest in 
the hotel or the hotel site, other than a Transfer that is otherwise a Permitted Transfer, without our 
express permission, which we may withhold for any reason. If we permit you to share your business 
operation or engage in a tenant-in-common syndication or transfer, you must comply with any terms 
that we require as a condition to our approval. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related agreements 
pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer and dispute resolution. You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. See Exhibits D and G. 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) and 
HITS Agreement
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
New Construction:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of 
the month 22 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as 
we may approve. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination 
or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of 
the term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement. 
HITS Agreement Not 
applicable  
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to 
renew or 
extend 
FA – Not applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we agree, 
in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked to sign 
a contract with materially different terms and conditions from 
the original Franchise Agreement, and you must comply with 
any PIP performance conditions that we specify. 
HITS Agreement Not 
applicable  
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but 
if we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be 
asked to sign a new HITS Agreement with materially different 
terms and conditions from the original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise Agreement 
before expiration of the Term.  If you unilaterally terminate the 
Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a material breach of 
the Franchise Agreement, and you must pay to us, on 
demand, Liquidated Damages, or we may seek to recover 
actual damages in certain circumstances. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
