 
 
43 
2025 US HAMPTON 
reasonably believe that you have used the Incentive in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, you must 
cooperate with our reasonable requests for information and permit us to inspect all books and records 
pertaining to your Hotel.  
We generally do not offer any other financing or guarantee any note, lease, or other obligations.  
However, in unique or rare circumstances we may choose to offer other types of financing such as, for 
example, a mezzanine loan or a guaranty of your note, lease, or other obligations.  In that event, the 
arrangements we offer would be based on the unique circumstances and financial situation of your 
Hotel. As a result, we cannot determine in advance the key terms such as, for example, the amount, 
term, repayment obligations, interest, fees, costs, penalties, security interests, default provisions, and 
other conditions or requirements.  We also cannot determine in advance the type of documentation that 
would be required such as, for example, notes, guarantees, security agreements, mortgages, deeds, 
assignments, equity pledges, credit letters, intercreditor agreements, or other instruments. We do not 
have sample forms of these types of documents. These documents and each of their terms would be 
agreed at the time of origination. 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
We may provide any of these services through our employees and representatives, through our affiliates 
or through any third-party provider we designate.  
Hilton will, at all times acting on our behalf, discharge all of our duties and obligations under Brand 
franchise agreements governing hotels in the US, including: discharging all of our obligations to 
franchisees; managing the Brand and the System; marketing, offering and negotiating new franchise 
agreements (including New Development, Relicensing, and Change of Ownership franchise 
agreements) as our franchise broker; furnishing assistance to Brand franchisees in the US; 
implementing our quality assurance programs; and, otherwise on our behalf, discharging all duties we 
owe under franchise agreements governing Brand hotels in the US.  
Hilton or its affiliates employ all the persons who will provide services to you on our behalf under the 
terms of your Franchise Agreement. If Hilton fails to perform its obligations, then Hilton may be replaced 
as the franchise service provider. However, as the Franchisor, we will always be responsible for fulfilling 
all our duties and obligations under your Franchise Agreement. 
Pre-Opening Phase Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign the Franchise Agreement, but before you open your 
business: 
1.  
We will loan to you a copy of our Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the Manual 
on the Hilton Intranet resources library. The Manual is confidential and is the property of our 
affiliate, Hilton International Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“HIH”) (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.6).  References to the Manual include the Standards, which include all 
standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies that have been and are in the 
future developed and compiled by us for use by you in connection with the design, construction, 
renovation, refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, 
maintaining, marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System 
Hotels, including the hotel, and for hotel advertising and accounting, whether contained in the 
Manual or set out in this Agreement or other written communication (Franchise Agreement, 
