{00264795-17} 
4 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This Franchise Agreement is entered between Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (“we,” “us,” “our” or 
“Franchisor”) and the Franchisee set forth in the Addendum (“you,” “your” or “Franchisee”), and is dated 
as of the Effective Date. We and you may collectively be referred to as the “Parties.” 
INTRODUCTION 
We are an Affiliate of Hilton Worldwide.  Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates own, license, lease, operate, 
manage and provide various services for the Network.  We are authorized to grant licenses for selected, 
first-class, independently owned or leased hotel properties, to operate under the Brand.  You have 
expressed a desire to enter into this Agreement with us to obtain a license to use the Brand in the operation 
of a hotel at the address or location described in the Addendum. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the undertakings and commitments of each 
Party to the other Party in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows: 
 
1.0 
DEFINITIONS 
 
The following capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth after each term: 
 
“Affiliate” means any natural person or firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, 
trust or other entity which, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, 
the subject entity.   
 
“Agreement” means this Franchise Agreement, including any exhibits, attachments and addenda. 
 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means all applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, books 
and records, and internal controls laws. 
 
“Brand” means the brand name set forth in the Addendum.   
 
“Chain Code” means the code that we use to identify the Brand within our Reservation Service. We may 
modify, remove, or replace the Chain Code for the Brand at any time in our discretion.   
 
“Change of Ownership Application” means the application that is submitted to us by you or the Transferee 
for a new franchise agreement in connection with a Change of Ownership Transfer. 
 
“Change of Ownership Transfer” means any proposed Transfer that results in a change of Control of 
Franchisee, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site and is not otherwise permitted by this Agreement, all as set out in 
Subsection 12.2.2. 
 
“Competing Brand” means a hotel brand or trade name that, in our sole business judgment, competes 
with the System, or any System Hotel or Network Hotel. 
 
“Competitor” means any individual or entity that, at any time during the Term, whether directly or through 
an Affiliate, owns in whole or in part, or is the licensor or franchisor of a Competing Brand, irrespective of 
the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised under such Competing Brand name. A Competitor does 
not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a franchisee of a Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing 
Brand hotel, so long as the individual or entity is not the exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) 
owns a minority interest in a Competing Brand, so long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its 
Affiliates is an officer, director, or employee of the Competing Brand, provides services (including as a 
consultant) to the Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, Control over the business 
decisions of the Competing Brand.  
 
