 
 
44 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Sections 1.0 and 4.6). The Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that 
we may, at our option, make available to you in the Manual or other written communication.  You 
may, in your sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, any such personnel policies or 
procedures might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site.  The table of contents of the Manual is attached 
as Exhibit H. 
2.  
Before you retain or engage an architect, interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain our prior written consent 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
3.  
We will review the plans, layouts and specifications, drawings and designs for constructing and 
furnishing your Hotel, including guest room areas, and grant or deny approval, which may be 
conditioned on your architect or other certified professional certifying to us that the Plans comply 
with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities.  You may not start construction 
until you receive our approval. Once you receive our approval, you may not make any changes 
to the plans without our advance consent (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2, 6.1.3 and 
6.1.4). 
4.  
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management of the hotel. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at the proposed 
management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in managing similar 
first-class, focused-service hotels, as well as other relevant factors. If we do not approve your 
proposed management, then we will require you to hire a professional hotel management 
company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at least the first year of operations. At the 
end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate this requirement. 
5. 
We will provide you with the HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by HSS) before you 
open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use of OnQ, Hilton’s 
proprietary computerized business system which is an integral part of the System we license to 
you (see Computer System below). The HITS Agreement also governs the installation and on-
going support and maintenance of your Guest Internet Access service (HITS Agreement, 
Exhibit G). 
6. 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton may have and which we make available to other Brand 
franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
7. 
We will specify required and optional training programs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.1). 
You must pay a fee for these programs and the training materials. You must also pay for travel, 
lodging and other expenses associated with training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change (Franchise 
Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6). Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ” system, which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. The OnQ system 
is comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue management, 
rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and other components we 
