 
 
47 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Guest Internet Access Refresh. You must refresh the Guest Internet Access system at least every 
4 years. We may also require the Guest Internet Access system to be refreshed in connection with a 
Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We anticipate that 
cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installation (but not including any elements 
that were needed for the original installation only).   
GRO System 
 
You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system. The GRO system is an 
online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing recommendations for your Hotel 
based on robust data analytics and forecasting. The GRO system integrates with the OnQ system for 
ease of operation. You are not required to adopt the pricing recommendations provided by GRO. 
Currently, the GRO system is based on a solution provided by Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. 
(“IDeaS”), which provides maintenance and customer support services for the application. We may 
provide additional support. There are no other approved vendors at this time. We are not obligated to 
provide any maintenance or updates for the GRO system. The system is updated and maintained 
centrally by IDeaS. We will have independent access to your Hotel’s information stored in this system. 
There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this information. Currently, you must pay for 
a portion of the installation costs of the GRO system at your Hotel, which is currently about $3,400. 
Currently, you are not required to pay an ongoing fee to use this system. 
Connected Room System 
We may require you to install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an assortment of 
streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the Hilton Honors App. 
This system requires a control module that is connected to each in-room television along with certain 
electrical fixtures, which you must purchase from us or our approved vendors. The cost of this system 
is currently between $22,345 and $26,705 for an 89-room hotel and between $27,265 and $32,585 for 
a 113-room hotel, and the cost of the electrical fixtures is competitive with equivalent standard fixtures. 
The initial installation costs are paid to the vendor before opening. You must also have maintenance 
and support from us or an approved vendor, which is paid to us and currently costs between $417 and 
$671 per month ($5,004 to $8,052 per year) for an 89-room hotel and between $501 and $779 per 
month ($6,012 to $9,348 per year) for a 113-room hotel. These costs are normally not refundable. 
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus Hospitality, in 
a configuration we approve. The set-up costs of this system are between $900 and $16,900. Additional 
set-up costs may apply, depending on the implementation approach you choose and the specific needs 
of your Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly. You must also pay annual license 
fees and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year. You will pay all Delphi system fees to HSS, 
which are passed through to the vendor. The optional on-property license fee includes a 10% mark-up, 
which we keep to help cover our costs in developing and maintaining the Delphi system for Network 
Hotels. Depending on your Hotel’s technology configuration, you may be required to utilize the 
MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, which integrates with Delphi.fdc and other group booking 
systems. MeetingBroker is also powered by Amadeus Hospitality. There are no separate fees for the 
MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, although you may be required to sign a separate license 
agreement with Amadeus Hospitality to use it. We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or 
updates for them. You must maintain and update the system at your cost to remain in compliance with 
the Standards. There are no limits on the frequency or cost of this obligation. We will have independent 
