 
 
51 
2025 US HAMPTON 
10. 
Owner Orientation. Owner orientation is required for all franchisees or management company 
representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the opening of your 
Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager must attend. If a 
Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first-time Brand franchisee, they must attend 
this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
program. 
11. 
New to Hospitality Owner Education.  This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning program 
for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This training must be 
taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership.  We encourage you to complete 
this training before Owner Orientation.  This program will provide baseline industry knowledge, best 
practices, and help build competencies in hospitality foundations including revenue management, asset 
management, sales generation, and talent management. This training is provided by a vendor we 
select.  Currently, all fees are paid directly to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must 
successfully complete this training.  Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
12.  
Welcome to Hampton Training.  All new personnel must complete this training within 14 days 
of their start date, except the learning map which is required within 90 days of their start date. This 
training program may be updated as necessary and your employees may be required to complete 
training on the updated material as appropriate. Topics covered include: our Brand story, welcome to 
Hampton, 100% Hampton Guarantee, and learning map. Currently there is no separate fee for this 
training. 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  For 
other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, including 
our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced eLearning programs, 
other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these materials or use other materials 
for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional training 
courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and miscellaneous 
expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our affiliate’s) trainers to your 
Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
1. 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to the 
traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel.  Additionally, we 
will include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, in advertising of 
System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing programs offered by us, 
subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System Hotels (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 4.4).  
2. 
Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, as 
long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise Agreement, 
