 
 
5 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Brand Offered 
Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
Spark 
None 
Tapestry 
None 
Tempo 
None 
Tru 
None 
Waldorf Astoria 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. 
Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will provide you 
with its national and international reservation services and systems ("Reservation Service"). 
Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all System Hotels, US Hilton 
hotels, Conrad International hotels, and Hilton International hotels (except where prohibited by 
law). The principal business address of Reservations Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas Parkway, 
Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, 
certain food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may purchase these items 
from HSM or such third parties, but you are not obligated to do so except as described in this 
Disclosure Document. 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and administers the 
Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the programs of Hilton Honors 
Worldwide. 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and support 
services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology System Agreement 
(“HITS Agreement”). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Hampton Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity to have one of 
our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at the same time as, or 
after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor franchisor 
entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of our affiliates is 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels that will operate in the US under the 
Hampton Brand. Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate outside the US under the 
Hampton Brand under separate disclosure documents. 
We license the Hampton Inn hotel system (“System"), which consists of the elements, including know-
how, that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under our two Brands: 
“Hampton Inn” hotels, designed to provide distinctive, high-quality hotel service to the public at 
