 
 
61 
2025 US HAMPTON 
unauthorized use of the Marks will be an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or license the use 
of these Marks in any material manner.  There are no infringements actually known to us that could 
materially affect your use of the Marks.  There are no effective determinations of the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the trademark administrator of 
any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There is no pending material litigation 
or pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings in the United States that could 
materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits and renewals have been filed. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Our license from HIH includes a license to all the intellectual property rights relating to the Hampton 
Brand in the US. You may use this intellectual property only in connection with the System and only in 
the manner we designate, as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. The Franchise 
Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other intellectual property owned by any of our 
affiliates. 
Our affiliate owns the copyrights for building plans. The building plans for Hampton Inn hotels were 
registered with the United States Copyright Office on May 9, 1984, under registration numbers VA 
60634 and VA 60635. These copyrights expire on December 31, 2059, and are not renewable. The 
Hampton Inn & Suites building plans were registered at the United States Copyright Office on 
May 9, 1994, under registration number VAU 313-183. This copyright expires on December 31, 2069, 
and is not renewable. We have the right to use, and grant our franchisees rights to use, these 
copyrighted plans to construct Hampton Brand hotels. 
Neither we nor our affiliate HIH own any rights in or licenses to any patents nor have any pending patent 
applications material to our franchise business. HIH’s proprietary information, which has been licensed 
to us, consists of the Manual and all other information or materials concerning the methods, techniques, 
plans, specifications, procedures, information, systems and knowledge of and experience in the 
development, operation, marketing and licensing of the System (“Proprietary Information”). You must 
treat the Proprietary Information as confidential. You must adopt and implement all reasonable 
procedures we may periodically establish to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Proprietary 
Information, including restrictions on disclosure to your employees and the use of non-disclosure and 
non-competition clauses in agreements with your employees, agents and independent contractors who 
have access to the Proprietary Information.  
The Standards, as compiled in the Manual or set out in the Franchise Agreement or otherwise, set forth 
our requirements and recommended practices and procedures regarding the specifications, 
requirements, criteria, and policies for design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, service levels, 
quality, and quality assurance of System Hotel operations and for hotel identification, advertising and 
accounting. Although neither we, nor HIH, nor any predecessor of either of us, have filed an application 
for a copyright registration for the Manual, we and HIH claim copyrights, and the information is 
proprietary. You must comply with our requirements concerning confidentiality of the Manual. You may 
not copy or distribute any part of the Manual to anyone who is not affiliated with the System. You must 
promptly notify us, in writing, when you learn of any unauthorized use of our Proprietary Information. 
