 
 
67 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) and 
HITS Agreement
Summary 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA §§11.1 and 11.2 
Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any 
proposed taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent domain, 
and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on notice to 
you and will release you from the obligation to pay Liquidated 
Damages. 
Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force Majeure. 
If the casualty requires closing of the Hotel, you may choose 
to repair or rebuild according to the Standards provided that 
the hotel reopens no later than 18 months after the closing.  If 
you elect not to repair or rebuild the hotel after a 
condemnation or casualty to the hotel, we may terminate the 
franchise agreement on notice to you.  We will release you 
from the obligation to pay Liquidated Damages as long as you 
and your Affiliates do not own or operate a hotel at the site 
under a lease, license or franchise with a Competitor within 3 
years after the termination.   
HITS Agreement 4.1 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement that allows you to operate the hotel, we can 
terminate the HITS Agreement. 
f. Termination by 
us with cause 
FA §13 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement or any 
attachment to it. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the HITS Agreement.  
Termination of the Franchise Agreement also terminates the 
HITS Agreement. 
g. "Cause" 
defined – 
defaults which 
can be cured  
FA§8.6 and §13.1 
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement by written notice 
to you at any time before its expiration on any of the following 
grounds: (1) you fail to pay us any sums due and owing to us 
or our Affiliates or to pay or fund any amounts due under any 
of Your Hotel Agreements within the cure period in the notice 
(at least 10 days); (2) you fail to commence or complete the 
Hotel Work by the applicable deadline, including any 
extensions, or fail to open the Hotel on the Opening Date, and 
do not cure that default within the cure period in the notice (at 
least 10 days); (3) you do not purchase or maintain required 
insurance or do not reimburse us for our purchase of 
insurance on your behalf within the cure period in the notice 
(at least 10 days); or (4) you fail to comply with any provision 
of the Franchise Agreement, the Manual, or any Standard that 
can be cured (see subsection h. below), or breach a 
representation or warranty made in the Franchise Agreement 
and you do not cure that default within the cure period in the 
notice (at least 30 days). If we send you a written notice that 
you are in default for failing to pay or fund amounts due, we 
may require an acceptable third-party guaranty as a condition 
of curing the default. 
FA §13.3 
If we send you a written notice that you are in default, we may 
elect to impose an Interim Remedy, including the suspension 
of our obligations under this Agreement and/or our or our 
Affiliates’ obligations under Your Hotel Agreements. We may: 
