 
 
74 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) and 
HITS Agreement
Summary 
New York, New York, but we may elect to bring an action 
against you where the hotel is located. 
For Puerto Rico arbitration actions, the venue will be Fairfax 
County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will be New 
York, New York.  An arbitration award may be confirmed in 
any court of competent jurisdiction. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
w. Choice of law  
FA §16.2.1 
New York law applies, without recourse to New York choice of 
law on conflicts of law principles, except to the extent 
governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act, 15 USC § 1050) (subject to state law). 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote our licenses. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis 
for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance 
at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
  
The charts below set forth certain historic performance information for Hampton Brand hotels operating 
in the US (but not its Territories or Possessions). 
  
In this Item 19, the term "Company-Managed" refers to hotels owned and/or managed by Hilton 
Worldwide or its affiliates, including franchised hotels. “Franchisee-Managed” refers to hotels that are 
franchised and are managed by the franchisee or a non-Hilton Worldwide management company 
retained by the franchisee. “Comparable Hotels” means those that: (i) were active and operating in our 
system for at least one full calendar year as of the end of the current period, and open January 1st of 
the previous year; (ii) have not undergone a change in brand or ownership type during the current or 
comparable periods reported; (iii) have not sustained substantial property damage or undergone large-
scale capital projects impacting common areas and/or available guest rooms; (iv) have not removed or 
added a substantial number of guest rooms; or (v) for which comparable results are not available. 
  
As of December 31, 2024, there were 1,350 Hampton Inn branded hotels operating in the US. Of these, 
1,107 were classified as Comparable Hotels. Of the Comparable Hotels, 7 were Company-Managed 
and 1,100 were Franchisee-Managed. As of December 31, 2024, there were 1,018 Hampton Inn & 
Suites branded hotels operating in the US. Of these, 853 were classified as Comparable Hotels. Of the 
Comparable Hotels, 8 were Company-Managed and 845 were Franchisee-Managed.  
