 
 
30 
2025 US HAMPTON 
on a set cost per point or a percentage of the eligible guest folio, depending on the type of promotional 
activity, program, or initiative. All program costs are subject to change. 
In addition to the basic program fees outlined above, hotels are also responsible for the cost of certain 
guest amenities provided to Hilton Honors members. Hotels must allocate a certain percentage of rooms 
inventory for free night reward redemption by Hilton Honors members as specified by the Hilton Honors 
program. Hotels will be reimbursed for these reward redemptions on the same basis as other similarly 
situated participating hotels as specified by the Hilton Honors program. If your Hotel is re-licensed and 
had paid a lower fee in the past, it will be assessed the then-current standard fee when your new 
franchise term begins. 
7. 
We currently provide an online booking platform for group events that allows guests to check 
rates and availability and book guestrooms and event space (within certain limits on the number of 
rooms, room nights, and meeting space size). Guests may search for a hotel and rate and complete 
the booking contract online. We may pass-through all or a portion of this fee to third party vendors that 
help to provide or maintain the platform. This fee may be refunded or adjusted for certain cancellations 
or modifications. Terms and conditions of this program are subject to change. 
8. 
The term “Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means: (a) if the Hotel has been operating for 
at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the 
24 month period before the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) divided by 24; and (b) if 
the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due 
under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening Date and the termination date 
divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and the termination date.      
The term “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the average Monthly Royalty Fees per 
Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 full calendar 
month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “System’s Average Measurement 
Period”), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 full calendar months immediately 
preceding the month of termination is not included in determining the System’s Average Monthly Royalty 
Fees. 
In calculating these averages, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, ramps, or 
waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a majority of the Guest Rooms were 
removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 days. In the case 
of Business Interruptions, the applicable measurement period will be adjusted earlier in time to account 
for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred. 
9 
ResMax is optional unless you are opening a new hotel or undergoing a Change of Ownership, 
and: (a) you are a first-time franchise owner; (b) this will be your first franchise under the Brand; or (c) 
if your management company is new to the Brand. ResMax also may be required in certain 
circumstances based on hotel performance. The program terms, eligibility, and fees are subject to 
change. 
10. 
RMCC is optional except in the following circumstances. Category 1: If your Hotel is open and 
has an active PIP, it must participate in our one-time “Foundation Audit.” Category 2: If you are a first-
time franchise owner, the Hotel is your first Brand Hotel, the Hotel is a new construction Hotel, or you 
change your General Manager, your Hotel must participate in our monthly service “Standard Model.”  If 
your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $6 million in annual Gross Room Revenue, it 
