 
 
70 
2025 US HAMPTON 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”) and 
HITS Agreement
Summary 
changes to the location as we may reasonably require for this 
purpose, which will include removal of the signs, custom 
decorations, and promotional materials. 
FA §13.6 (4) 
cease representing yourself as then or formerly a System 
Hotel or affiliated with the Licensed Brand or the Network; 
FA §13.6 (5) 
return all copies of the Manual and any other Proprietary 
Information to us; 
FA §13.6 (6) 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to 
your use of any Mark, notify the telephone company and all 
listing agencies and directory publishers including Internet 
domain name granting authorities, Internet service providers, 
global distribution systems, and web search engines of the 
termination or expiration of your right to use the Marks, the 
Trade Name, and any telephone number, any classified or 
other telephone directory listings, Internet domain names, 
uniform resource locators, website names, electronic mail 
addresses and search engine metatags and keywords 
associated with the hotel, and authorize their transfer to us; 
and 
FA §13.6 (7) 
irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designee) all of 
your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and 
registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, System, 
Network or Licensed Brand; notify the applicable domain 
name registrars of the termination of your right to use any 
domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the 
Licensed Brand; and authorize and instruct the cancellation of 
the domain name, or transfer of the domain name to us (or our 
designee), as we specify; delete all references to our Marks, 
System, Network or Licensed Brand from any Sites you own, 
maintain or operate beyond the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 4.2 
You must stop using our software and related documents, 
return all copies to us, and certify to us that you have done so. 
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
FA §12.1 
We may assign or transfer the Franchise Agreement and any 
of our rights, duties or assets to any person or entity without 
your consent so long as the assignee assumes all of our 
obligations to permit you to operate the Hotel. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 
HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under the 
HITS Agreement to third parties but remains responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you – definition  
FA §§1 and 12.2 
Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest, 
including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the Franchise 
Agreement, the site on which the hotel is located or any direct 
or indirect Equity Interest as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement. You may not transfer to a Competitor or a 
Sanctioned Person. 
HITS Agreement – Not 
applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement.  We consider 
any attempt on your part to transfer or assign any of your 
rights or obligations under the HITS Agreement to be a 
“transfer” by you. 
l. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
FA §12.2 
A Transfer of any interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, or 
the Franchise Agreement (or any rights or obligations under it) 
