 
 
18 
2025 US HAMPTON 
The costs shown above do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with the OnQ 
system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our required Guest 
Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional computer system 
components that we may recommend (including, for example, other business computer systems outside 
of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and payroll, point of sale, telephone, 
and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not include any delay or re-scheduling fees 
we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed and/or rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. 
Occasionally we may offer discounts and other benefits to support the adoption of new technology 
components, programs, or services. All computer system costs are subject to change, and normally are 
not refundable. See Item 11 for a more detailed description of each of these required and recommended 
computer systems. 
 
4. 
If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it opens, 
then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and related service 
fees. In particular, HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for the distribution of hotel 
furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain food and beverage equipment 
supplies, and certain hotel services at a discount. We recommend you purchase these items from HSM 
or such third parties. You may but are not obligated to purchase specified items from HSM or such third 
parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. If you choose to buy from HSM, it will invoice 
you for the cost of the products plus freight, sales tax and other actual costs, plus a procurement fee 
that ranges 4% to 10% of the project cost. HSM may offer you a payment plan. These payment plans 
are agreed with each franchisee individually based on the type of project, and specifically customized 
to the project’s scope of work and overall timeline. Payment dates are also based on the project’s 
timeline. The interest rate for late payments is 18.5% per year, compounded daily. Change orders must 
be paid in full, either in advance or with the next installment due. 
 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
General
Monthly Royalty 
Fee 
6% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue.  
Payable monthly 
by the 15th day of 
the following 
month. 
See Note 1. 
Monthly Program 
Fee 
4% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue.   
Payable monthly 
by the 15th day of 
the following 
month. 
We may change the Monthly Program 
Fee. See Notes 1 and 2. 
Room Addition Fee Currently, $400 per guest 
room or suite, multiplied 
by the number of 
additional guest rooms. 
Due with 
Application for 
approval. 
If you add or construct additional guest 
rooms at the Hotel at any time after you 
open the Hotel under the Brand, you 
must pay us a Room Addition Fee and 
sign an amendment to the Franchise 
Agreement.  The fee is non-refundable 
once we approve your Application. 
Property 
Improvement Plan 
(“PIP”) Fee 
Currently, $10,000.
Before PIP 
inspection is 
scheduled. 
Payable to prepare a PIP for a 
Conversion, Change of Ownership, or 
Re-licensing of an existing hotel, as well 
as any Room Addition or renovation 
project in which a PIP is required. In 
some circumstances we may waive the 
