 
 
36 
2025 US HAMPTON 
deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot 
estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. 
19. 
“Contingencies” means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses.  Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-
conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. You should assume it will be at 
least 10% of construction costs. 
20. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the business. 
Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic conditions, 
competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
21. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
22. 
In compiling these estimates we relied on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in operating or 
franchising hotels.  You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making 
any decision to purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in these charts are for typical New 
Development and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown.  In a Conversion, your costs will 
depend on the type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, physical structure, and quality of 
furnishing. Because there are so many variables involving any particular existing hotel, we are unable 
to provide an estimate of costs. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, from 
suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards are compiled in our standards 
manual ("Manual"). We regularly review, modify, and implement product and service Standards. We 
may periodically modify and update Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in 
technology, improved methods of manufacture, new materials structures and decor, new products, 
improved prices and other factors. We currently issue, modify and update specifications in the form of 
updates to the Manual.   
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade your 
Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and 
software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current Standards.  We 
may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, which we may modify 
at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our Fixed Renovation Cycle 
Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other program that we utilize in accordance the 
Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any renovation schedule (including any FRCM 
renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are responsible for the costs of complying with any such 
renovation schedule, (including any FRCM renovation) as well as any other changes that are necessary 
for your Hotel to remain in compliance with the Standards. 
