 
 
37 
2025 US HAMPTON 
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at and 
for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, operating 
supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at and/or sold from the Hotel,  signs and 
graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest materials, together 
with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and technology platforms for 
property management, inventory management, revenue management, affiliation and distribution 
programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, customer satisfaction 
measurement, online check-in, digital room keys, in-room entertainment and conveniences, internet 
access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance services, and any and all other 
systems, programs, products and services used for the operation of the Hotel, including our 
specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acceptable product quality ratings at your Hotel 
and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In some cases, we may require you to 
purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, furniture, equipment, or service, but you may 
purchase it from any authorized source of distribution. 
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
No officer of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
You must purchase Hilton’s proprietary computer software from Hilton or HSS. You must purchase 
items bearing our logo, trademark or service mark from a supplier approved by us.  We may derive 
profit from such sales. 
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2024. Hilton collects money for the 
Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors Worldwide and 
we do not record it as revenues. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Hilton and its other 
affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of goods, services, computer 
systems and/or supplies to franchisees of Hilton’s subsidiaries of $1,101,161,898 (for clarity this 
excludes royalty and program fees, pass-through commissions, and the HSM amounts described 
below). 
Except as discussed below, you may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment (“FF&E”) and other 
supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met.  However, we may require 
you to purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, or we may require you to purchase 
a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is available only from one source, and we may 
derive profit as a result of those purchases.  
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers for 
the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain food 
and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase specified 
items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. HSM seeks to 
negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and then passes these 
benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced under its program will 
provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the market. HSM may negotiate 
purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of our franchisees, all System 
Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase 
arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that 
operate multiple hotels. HSM may also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to 
participate in its purchase arrangements. This is done to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing 
volume and bargaining power. 
