 
 
6 
2025 US HAMPTON 
moderate prices, and “Hampton Inn & Suites” hotels, designed to combine standard guest rooms with 
a significant block of studio guest suites. 
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the 
designated Hampton Brand, at a specified location. When we refer to a “Hampton hotel” in this 
Disclosure Document, we mean hotels licensed under the Hampton Inn or Hampton Inn & Suites Brands 
unless we indicate otherwise.  You must follow the high standards we have established as the essence 
of the System and you may be required to make future investments. 
The System currently includes the Brand and the Marks; access to the Reservation Service; advertising, 
publicity and other marketing programs and materials; training programs and materials; standards, 
specifications and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel; 
and other elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual or in other communications 
to you, and programs for our inspecting your Hotel and consulting with you. We may add elements to 
the System or modify, alter or delete elements of the System.  
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of ownership, 
or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this Disclosure 
Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-licensing,” 
respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers to the renovation 
of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so that it may operate as a 
Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or control of an existing Brand 
hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new franchise after the expiration of a prior 
franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a category shown on the Franchise Application. It 
is a form of Conversion.     
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not offered 
licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
Hampton hotels compete in the upper midscale hotel market segment and cater to business travelers, 
families, vacationers and groups depending on the market and location. The market for your services 
will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation, including whether it is a resort, 
conference center, or hotel for frequent business travelers, among other things. Our franchisees seek 
customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit business from 
conventions, and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level. 
In general, you will compete with national hotel and motel chains and independently operated local 
hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage services to the same 
clientele. In addition to competing with lodging facilities that offer services comparable to the System, 
you may also compete with lodging designed to serve particular segments of the market and to fill 
particular lodging demands.   
A Hampton Inn or Hampton Inn & Suites hotel will compete with other national and regional hotel chains 
and local hotels offering similar types of hotel rooms or suites with no food and beverage services. Due 
to its limited food and beverage operations, a Hampton Inn or Hampton Inn & Suites hotel is unlikely to 
compete directly with local establishments for the food and beverage business of the general public.  
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, both 
directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these activities may 
