 
 
16 
2025 US HAMPTON 
reduced at our discretion. If your Application is for a Change of Ownership and the Change of Ownership 
does not occur, we will refund your Franchise Application Fee, without interest and less a $7,500 
processing fee. We have occasionally agreed to give full or partial refunds or to credit the non-
refundable Franchise Application Fee toward the Franchise Application Fee of another application for 
the Brand if submitted and approved within 6 months or less but we are not obligated to do so. If you 
increase the proposed number of rooms/suites after your Franchise Application is approved and before 
the opening of your Hotel under the Brand, you must obtain our approval and pay any additional 
Franchise Application Fee owed as if those additional rooms/suites were part of your original Franchise 
Application.  
While the Franchise Application Fee is usually applied uniformly, we may elect to reduce it after 
considering criteria which may include: incentives for the development of hotels within the System, a 
hotel's market position, the property size and the number of hotels in the System operated by a 
franchisee. In limited and unique circumstances, we may waive part of the Franchise Application Fee 
or negotiate the Franchise Application Fee for franchisees with whom we have previously dealt but we 
are not obligated to do so, even for franchisees possessing these characteristics. In 2024, franchisees 
paid Franchise Application Fees ranging from $ 0 to $100,000 for New Development or Conversion, $0 
to $200,000 for Change of Ownership, and from $50,000 to $100,000 for Re-licensing. 
2. 
For a New Development, you must start construction within 15 months after the date we approve 
your Application. For a Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition project, you 
must start the renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the Franchise Agreement or PIP, which 
is set on a project-by-project basis. For all projects (including New Development, Conversion, Re-
Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition project), you must complete the construction or 
renovation work by the date we have agreed to in the Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a 
project-by-project basis. If you wish to request an extension of any start date or completion date for your 
project, you must submit a written request before that date occurs. If we approve your request, you 
must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and completion dates accordingly.  
However, in New Development or Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be 
extended by 30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 days’ 
notice to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request any further 
extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we approve your 
request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and completion dates 
accordingly. These automatic extensions will not apply to any Relicensing, Change of Ownership, or 
room addition projects. 
3. 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change. 
Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our required OnQ system, 
Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected Room system, Digital Floor 
Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must pay our affiliate, HSS, 
certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of them, as described below.    
OnQ System.  Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ” system, which connects System Hotels to 
Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary components 
for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory management, forecast 
management, learning management, and other components for the operation of the Hotel. The 
complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, installation, and support.   
You may acquire the hardware from our affiliate, HSS, or its preferred providers, or you may purchase 
or lease it from other (non-preferred) third-party vendors. You must acquire the OnQ software 
