65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
7 
4(B) above. You must begin paying the Brand Fund Fee the earlier of the date the Studio opens or 
the date the Studio was required to be open under this Agreement. We will administer the Brand 
Fund as follows:  
i.
We will place all Brand Fund Fees we receive in the Brand Fund and will 
manage such Fund. The Brand Fund is not a trust or escrow account, and we have no 
fiduciary obligations regarding the Brand Fund.  
ii.
Disbursements from the Brand Fund will be made to pay for expenses we 
or our affiliates incur in connection with the general promotion of the Marks and the 
System, including, but not limited to, (a) web-based and app-based marketing, such as 
email marketing, search engine optimization, development and maintenance of the 
website(s), and the development and maintenance of Social Media accounts; (b) gift card 
programs, materials, and implementation; (c) community involvement and public relations; 
(d) creation, development, production, and execution of marketing plans and materials; (e) 
conducting customer surveys, interviews, or other programs aimed at understanding 
customer experiences with the System; (f) conduct a mystery shopper program; (g) 
research and development pertaining to advancement of the brand such as fitness 
equipment or fitness conventions and (h) all costs of managing or implementing the Brand 
Fund, including any amounts paid to our employees or other third parties retained to carry 
out the purposes of the Brand Fund or to promote the Marks of the System. The Brand 
Fund will not be used for activities whose sole purpose is for the sale of franchises. We 
solely will determine the means and methods of advertising, media use, scope, contents, 
terms and conditions of advertising, marketing, promotional and public relations 
campaigns and programs. 
iii.
We may offer through an approved supplier any sales, advertising, 
merchandise, premium items, and point-of-purchase materials developed with the Brand 
Fund monies (“Brand Fund Materials”).  
iv.
We cannot ensure that you will benefit directly or on a pro rata basis from 
the future placement of any such advertising in your local market. We may spend in any 
fiscal year an amount greater or less than the aggregate contributions of SWEAT440® 
businesses to the Brand Fund in that year. Any monies in the Brand Fund not expended in 
one (1) year will remain in the Brand Fund for use in future periods. In the event the Brand 
Fund has insufficient funds, we or our affiliates may loan monies to the Brand Fund and 
charge a reasonable rate of interest on the loaned monies. We will prepare an annual 
statement of the Brand Fund's operations and, upon reasonable request, will make the 
previous year’s annual statement available to you within sixty (60) days after our fiscal 
year end.  
v.
We and our affiliates will contribute to the Brand Fund on the same basis as 
franchisees for any SWEAT440® Locations we or they operate. 
vi.
Although the Brand Fund is intended to be of perpetual duration, we may 
terminate the Brand Fund. We will not terminate the Brand Fund until all monies in the 
