65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
12 
F.
Survival 
.  All of our and your obligations under this Agreement which expressly 
or by their nature survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement will continue in full force and 
effect after the expiration or termination of this Agreement and until they are satisfied in full or by their 
nature expire. 
15.  
ENFORCEMENT 
A.
Severability.  All provisions of this Agreement are severable and this Agreement will be 
interpreted and enforced as if all invalid or unenforceable provisions were not contained herein and partially 
valid and enforceable provisions will be enforced to the extent valid and enforceable. If any applicable and 
binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater prior notice of the termination of or non-renewal 
of this Agreement than is required, or the taking of some other action not required, or if under any applicable 
and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard 
or operating procedure prescribed by us are invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other action 
required by law or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions. 
B.
Waiver of Obligations.  Our waiver of any breach by you, or our delay or failure to enforce 
any provision of this Agreement, will not be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or 
be deemed an estoppel to enforce our rights respecting that or any other breach. 
C.
Rights of Parties are Cumulative. Our and your rights are cumulative and no exercise or 
enforcement by either party of any right or remedy precludes the exercise or enforcement by such party of 
any other right or remedy to which such party is entitled by law or equity to enforce.  
D.
Venue. Any cause of action, claim, suit or demand allegedly arising from or related to this 
Agreement or the relationship of the parties must be brought exclusively in the state or federal court of 
competent jurisdiction in the state covering the location in which our corporate offices are located at the 
time the action is commenced. We also have the right to file any such suit against you in the federal or state 
court where the Studio is located.  We and you both irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of such courts 
and waive all rights to challenge personal jurisdiction and venue. The provisions of this Section 15(D) will 
survive the termination of this Agreement.  
E.
Governing Law.  Subject to our rights under federal trademark laws and the Federal 
Arbitration Act, this Agreement will be governed by and construed under the laws of Florida, without regard 
to any conflict of laws principles of Florida. You waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the rights 
and protections that might be provided through any state franchise or business opportunity laws, other than 
those of the state where your Studio is located.  
C.
Binding Effect.  This Agreement is binding upon the parties and their respective executors, 
administrators, heirs, assigns, and successors in interest, and will not be modified except by in writing and 
signed by you and us. Except as provided above, this Agreement is not intended, and will not be deemed, 
to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this Agreement. 
D.
References.  If you consist of two or more individuals, such individuals will be jointly and 
severally liable, and references to “you” in this Agreement will include all such individuals. Any reference 
or use of the term “including” means including without limitation. 
F.
Interpretation of Rights and Obligations.  The following provisions will apply to and 
govern the interpretation of this Agreement, the parties’ rights under this Agreement and the relationship 
between the parties: 
