65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
11 
that you may pay from $25 to $80 per square foot in rental expenses (including common 
area maintenance (CAM) and taxes) for your Studio premises.  The exact amount of rental 
expense will vary greatly, depending on the location of the Studio premises, the portion of 
rent representing the value of leasehold improvements at the Studio premises, local market 
conditions and other factors.  You will incur greater start-up costs if you cannot negotiate 
the cost of leasehold improvements as part of your rental expense.  
(5)
Signage.  This is an estimate of the cost to produce interior and exterior signage.  The low 
estimate covers the fabrication of standard signage, while the high estimate takes into 
consideration a larger sign fabrication, as well as the configuration of the building, zoning 
laws and requirements, and restrictions imposed by your landlord.  We have the right to 
approve any variations to signage, at our sole discretion, so it is best to obtain an estimate 
for signage before signing a lease.  Signage should be agreed upon in your lease to ensure 
your landlord will approve the brand standard signage. 
(6)
Architect and Engineering Fees.  You must use our designated architect to produce 
blueprint drawings for your Studio.  Prior to submitting the blueprint drawings to the local 
municipality for review and approval, you must submit them to use for our approval.  We 
will assess their conformity to our requirements and could potentially return them to your 
architect for additional modifications.  Any modifications may incur additional 
architectural costs.  Your exact costs will depend on if an engineer is necessary.  You also 
must use our designated project manager to construct the Studio.  You are responsible for 
ensuring that the plans meet all state and local requirements including Americans with 
Disabilities Act (ADA).   
(7)
Construction Management. We require that you work with a construction management 
services vendor that we designate or approve.  
(8)
Furniture and Fixtures.  This estimate is for the cost of furniture and fixtures for areas of 
the Studio, including the lobby, locker rooms, and merchandise displays.  The size and 
configuration of your Studio may affect your actual costs. 
(9)
Equipment.  In order to ensure that each client receives the SWEAT440® experience, we 
require that you purchase the fitness equipment, flooring, functional accessories, certain 
branded items, and certain computer hardware and software that we specify from approved 
suppliers, which may include us or our affiliate.  The size and configuration of your Studio 
may affect the amount of equipment required and your actual costs. The lower estimate is 
for two-person stations while the higher estimate is for three-person stations.   
(10)
Initial Inventory.  You must offer for sale merchandise and other SWEAT440® and other 
branded items including apparel, accessories, and other items.  The lower estimate is for a 
minimum inventory while the higher estimate is for a greater inventory level.  You will 
need certain consumable items to operate your Studio to our standards.  This estimate 
includes the cost of printing materials such as business cards and other supplies you will 
need to open and operate your Studio. 
