65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
22 
Studio until the date you meet or exceed the minimum pre-opening sales requirements we set forth 
in the Operations Manuals (if any); or (ii) terminate this Agreement if you fail to satisfy the 
applicable ongoing minimum sales requirements two (2) times in the same twelve (12) month 
period.  
R.
Call Center. You must participate in a call center program (the “Call Center”) as 
described in the Operations Manuals. You must engage and pay our designated supplier (which 
may be us or our affiliates) Call Center services. We reserve the right to modify or cancel the Call 
Center at any time. You must comply with all standards and instructions that we impose in 
connection with the Call Center, including the timeliness of responding to customers, purchasing 
or upgrading necessary equipment to enable participation, and any other standards and instructions 
described in the Operations Manuals. We reserve the right to exclude you from participation in the 
Call Center if you fail to comply with any standards and/or instructions. 
10.
RECORDS AND REPORTS 
A.
Accounting and Records. During the term of this Agreement, you will at your 
expense maintain at the Authorized Location and retain for a minimum of seven (7) years from the 
date of their preparation complete and accurate books, records, and accounts (using such methods 
and systems of bookkeeping and accounting as we may require) relating to the Studio (the 
“Records”). You may maintain and retain the Records, and submit reports, electronically. The 
Records will include the following: (i) daily cash reports; (ii) cash receipts journal; (iii) general 
ledger; (iv) cash disbursements journal; (v) weekly payroll register; (vi) monthly bank statements 
and daily deposit slips and canceled checks; (vii) all tax returns relating to the Studio and of each 
of the Principal Owners; (viii) paid and unpaid suppliers’ invoices; (ix) detailed and summary 
versions of dated cash registered tapes; (x) monthly balance sheets and profit and loss statements; 
(xi) weekly inventories; (xii) records of promotion and coupon redemption; and (xiii) such other 
records and information as we may periodically request.  
B.
Reports and Tax Returns. All financial statements, reports, and information must be 
on forms we approve, must be true and correct, and must be signed and verified by you. 
You will provide to us the following: (a) the daily statements relating to Gross Sales for the 
preceding week; (b) a monthly chart of accounts detailing the operating performance, including 
gross revenue and other information, as specified in the Operations Manual for the preceding 
calendar month; (c) quarterly consolidated balance sheet, consolidated income statement, 
consolidated cash flow statement, a comparison of each statement to the prior quarter, and a 
narrative describing you results for the preceding calendar quarter; (d) annual profit and loss 
statement, source and use of funds statement, and a balance sheet for year-end, reviewed by an 
independent certified public accountant for the preceding calendar year, and all tax returns relating 
to the Studio and each Principal Owner for the preceding calendar year; and (e) copies of other 
Records and information as we may designate in the Operations Manual. You must provide this 
information to us on the date and in the manner that we specify in the Operations Manual.  
Upon reasonable request, and as further described in the Operations Manual, you will 
promptly provide to us (1) quarterly profit and loss statements for the Studio for the immediately 
preceding calendar quarter; and (2) year-to-date profit and loss statement.  
