SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  FOR THE FOURTEEN-MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
AND FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2.   
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Accounts and Franchise Fees Receivable and Other Receivables
Accounts and franchise fees receivable primarily consist of billed amounts owed from
franchisees for royalties, brand fund fees, and technology fees. Other receivables
primarily consist of amounts owed from franchisees for equipment sold to them.
Franchise fees receivable consist of unpaid franchise fees. Accounts and franchise fees
receivable and other receivables are stated at the amount the Company expects to
collect. Franchise fees receivable is net of $945,000 in franchise fees owed and
commissions of $756,000 to be paid to the same party. The Company maintains
allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of
some of its franchisees to make required payments. The Company assesses collectibility
by reviewing accounts and other receivables on a collective basis where similar risk
characteristics exist. In determining the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts,
management considers historical collectibility and makes judgments about the
creditoworthiness of the pool of customers based on credit evaluations. Current market
conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions
adjust the historical losses to determine the appropriate allowance for doubtful
accounts. Uncollectible accounts are written off when all collection efforts have been
exhausted. The Company did not require an allowance for doubtful accounts as of
December 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023.
Under the prior accounting rules, the Company evaluated the following factors when
determining the collectibility of specific franchisee accounts: franchisee credit-
worthiness, past transaction history with the franchisee, current economic industry
trends, and changes in franchisee payment terms. 
Income Taxes
The Company is a single-member limited liability company and is therefore considered
a disregarded entity for income tax purposes. Accordingly, no provision has been made
for income taxes in the accompanying financial statements, since all items of income or
loss are required to be reported on the income tax returns of the member, who is
responsible for any taxes thereon.
The Company recognizes and measures any unrecognized tax benefits in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards
Codification ("ASC") 740, Income Taxes. Under that guidance, management assesses the
likelihood that tax positions will be sustained upon examination based on the facts,
circumstances and information, including the technical merits of those positions,
available at the end of each period. The measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is
adjusted when new information is available, or when an event occurs that requires a
change. There were no uncertain tax positions recognized as December 31, 2024 and
October 31, 2023.
Reclassifications
Certain amounts in the prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform
to the current year presentation. These reclassification adjustments had no effect on the
Company's previously reported net loss.
9
