65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
28 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands 
that we control.  
We and our affiliates reserve the right, without compensation to you:  (1) to own and 
operate, and to grant other persons the right to own and operate, Studios at locations outside the 
Designated Area; (2) to sell within and outside the Designated Area the products and services 
authorized for sale at Studios under trademarks and service marks other than the Marks through 
similar or dissimilar channels of distribution and pursuant to conditions we deem appropriate; (3) 
to sell the products and services authorized for sale at Studios under the Marks through dissimilar 
channels of distribution, including by electronic means such as the Internet and by websites we 
establish, and pursuant to conditions we deem appropriate within and outside the Designated Area; 
(4) to advertise the System on the Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic 
commerce) and to create, operate, maintain and modify, or discontinue the use of a website using 
the Marks; and (5) own and operate, and to grant other persons the right to own and operate, 
SWEAT440® Studios to “Captive Market Locations.”  A “Captive Market Location” is a Studio 
location within a regional, enclosed, or similarly situated shopping center or mall, airport or other 
transportation terminal, sports facility, hospital, college or university campus, corporate campus, 
a department within an existing retail store, hotel or motel, grocery store, or other similar type of 
location that has a restricted trade area  
If you do not comply with the Development Schedule and the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement, we may terminate the Multi-Unit Development Agreement or terminate your protected 
rights to develop Studios in the Designated Area and grant individual or multiple unit franchises 
within the Designated Area to third parties. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
We grant you the right to operate your Studio under the name “SWEAT440,” a federally 
registered service mark and other trademarks or service marks (the “Marks”).  You do not receive 
any right under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement to use the Marks.  Those rights are granted 
under the Franchise Agreement.  
The following schedule lists only the principal Marks that you are licensed to use.  Our 
Parent has filed all required affidavits and renewal registrations for those Marks listed below.  
Principal 
Trademarks 
U.S. Registration 
Or Serial No. 
Registration Or 
Application Date 
Principal/Supplemental 
Register 
SWEAT440 
Serial: 87707489; 
Reg.: 5567218
September 18, 2018 
Principal 
Serial: 88032202; 
Reg.: 5690024 
March 5, 2019 
Principal 
