65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
12 
Deadline”). You may not open the Studio without our prior written approval. Prior to opening the 
Studio:  
i.
we will assist you, in connection with our designated media vendor, in 
developing your opening marketing plan (“Market Introduction Plan”), and you must 
submit to us for our approval any changes to accommodate any local and digital advertising 
requirements we may require in the Market Introduction Plan; 
ii.
you must satisfy the training requirements in accordance with Section 7 of 
this Agreement; 
iii.
you must develop the Studio in full compliance with the terms of this 
Agreement; 
iv.
you must meet or exceed the pre-opening sales requirements as we set forth 
in the Operations Manual (if any); and 
v.
you must complete the pre-opening checklist as provided in the Operations 
Manual.  
G.
Market Introduction Campaign. Before the Studio opens, you will spend between 
twenty thousand dollars ($20,000) and thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) in connection with the 
Market Introduction Plan, and our designated media vendor determines. Upon reasonable request, 
you will provide us with an accounting of your expenditures on the Market Introduction Plan. You 
understand and agree that we may require you to spend this amount on certain marketing or 
advertising activities, as described in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. You will use 
our Authorized Suppliers (if any) in conducting the Market Introduction Plan.  
H.
Relocation of Studio. You will not relocate the Studio from the Authorized Location 
without our prior written consent. If you relocate the Studio under this Section, the “new” 
franchised location of the Studio to which we consent (the “new” Authorized Location) in the 
Protected Territory, including the real estate and building, must comply with all applicable 
provisions of this Agreement and with our then-current specifications and standards for 
SWEAT440® businesses. We will not unreasonably withhold our consent to the proposed 
relocation, provided we have received at least ninety (90) days’ written notice prior to the closing 
of the Studio at the existing Authorized Location, you have obtained a site acceptable to us, and 
you agree to open the new Authorized Location for the Studio within five (5) days after you close 
the Studio at the prior Authorized Location, and otherwise comply with any other conditions that 
we may require. You will pay to us a fee of five thousand dollars ($5,000) for services we will 
provide, or a greater amount to reimburse us for expenses we incur in connection with any 
relocation of the Studio, before we will review a proposed new Authorized Location. If you must 
relocate the Studio because the Authorized Location was destroyed, condemned, or otherwise 
became untenable by fire, flood, or other casualty, you must reopen the Studio at the new 
Authorized Location within six (6) months after you discontinue operation at the existing 
Authorized Location. There is no guarantee that an acceptable location will be available for 
relocation, and if you are unable to relocate your Studio within the Protected Territory and reopen 
your Studio within the time periods described in this Section 6(H), this Agreement will terminate. 
