65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
12 
(11)
Professional Services.  These fees are representative of the costs to engage professionals 
for the start-up of a franchised business.  We strongly recommend that you seek the 
assistance of an experienced franchise attorney and accountant for the initial review and 
resulting advisories concerning this franchise opportunity, this Disclosure Document, and 
subsequently, the Franchise Agreement and Multi-Unit Development Agreement.  It is also 
advisable to consult these professionals to review any lease or other contracts that you will 
enter into as a part of starting your SWEAT440® Studio.  It is best to have a clear 
understanding from your professional advisors of the services they will provide and their 
fees for providing such services prior to engaging them to perform any services on your 
behalf. 
(12)
Pre-Opening Travel.  We do not charge tuition or a materials charge for the initial training; 
however, you are responsible for all costs associated with attending training. Your costs 
will vary depending upon your point of origin, method of travel, class of accommodation, 
and living expenses.  These estimates cover the cost of any transportation, accommodation, 
meals, and compensation expenses incurred during the training period.  The estimate does 
not include the salary of the Studio Manager while attending training.  The duration of the 
training program for franchisees and/or their Operating Principals and a Studio Manager is 
three days. Training will be held at our headquarters in Miami, Florida, or another location 
of our choosing.  The lower estimate in this range covers moderately priced travel 
expenses, while the higher estimate covers higher priced flights, rental car, and 
accommodations.  Your choice of mode of travel and level of accommodations will 
determine your total cost for attending our initial training program and may be higher than 
what is estimated here.  The range may be higher or lower based on the cost of labor in 
your area, the amount that you pay your staff, benefits you offer employees, and the number 
of employees you hire to begin your Studio. 
(13)
Market Introduction Plan.  You must spend a minimum of $20,000 for Studio opening 
campaign expenses before the Studio opens, including digital and grassroots marketing.  
This amount will be determined by LeadTeam after a market assessment and may be as 
high as $30,000. We will provide you with approved advertising and marketing materials 
for the Studio.  You may request modifications to the Plan or the advertising and marketing 
materials to meet your local market needs however, we must approve any changes before 
they are implemented.  Your actual costs may vary based on media costs in your market 
area, whether you are the first SWEAT440® Studio in the market, the time of year that you 
open, and the pace with which you are able to build your membership. You may need to 
spend more than the amount estimated.  At our request, you must submit documentation to 
verify that you have spent the required amount under the Market Introduction Plan.  See 
Item 8. 
(14)
Studio Permits and Licenses.  You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all 
required permits and licenses necessary to operate your Studio.  This estimate is based on 
our experience in opening and operating our company-owned Studio in the greater Miami, 
Florida area.  You will need to check with your advisors and state and local government 
authorities regarding these requirements.    
