65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
27 
sale and use at Studios; (4) to promote, sell, and distribute any ancillary products and services such 
as memorabilia under the Marks through dissimilar channels of distribution including direct mail, 
wholesale activities, and by any electronic means; (5) to promote the System and the Studios 
generally, including on the Internet or any other existing or future form of one or more electronic 
commerce, and to create, operate, maintain, and modify, or discontinue the use of, websites and 
Social Media accounts using the Marks; (6) to develop, establish, and promote other business 
systems using the Marks, or other names or marks, and to grant licenses to use those systems 
without providing any rights to you; and (7) to add or substitute different trademarks, trade names, 
service marks, symbols, logos, emblems, and other intellectual property for the Marks at no cost 
to us. 
There are no restrictions on you accepting or soliciting customers.  Except as we may 
authorize in writing, you will not conduct any business or offer to sell or advertise memberships, 
Products, or Services on the Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic 
communication) including e-mail marketing or other digital marketing.  
You may relocate your Studio only with our written consent, which we will not 
unreasonably withhold.  If we permit you to relocate your Studio, you will pay us a relocation fee 
of $5,000 or more as necessary to pay for the costs we incur in providing services that assist you 
in relocating your Studio.  In addition, you will need to build out the Studio consistent with our 
then-current standards for new Studios. 
We do not grant to you any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire 
additional franchises within a particular territory. 
Except as disclosed below, neither we nor any affiliate operates, franchises, or has any 
current plans to operate or franchise any business selling the products and services authorized for 
sale at a Studio under any other trademark or service mark. 
MULTI-UNIT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
If you enter into a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you will receive certain protected 
rights to develop more than one Studio within a designated geographic area (the “Designated 
Area”) to be described in Exhibit A attached to the Multi-Unit Development Agreement.  The size 
of the Designated Area will vary, depending on the number of Studios you intend to open, the 
population density, and the demographics in the area in which you desire to operate.  The 
Designated Area may be one or more counties or cities in rural areas, and may be a portion of a 
metropolitan statistical area in heavily populated major cities.  We will not establish another 
franchised or company-owned SWEAT440® Studio in the Designated Area during the term of the 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement so long as you meet the Development Schedule, comply with 
all other provisions described in the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, and you otherwise 
comply with the provisions of each related Franchise Agreement.  Once the Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement is expired (upon the earlier of the date the final Studio lease is signed or 
the last day of the Development Schedule) or terminated, you will have no protected rights in the 
Designated Area beyond the Protected Territories assigned under any Franchise Agreement. 
