65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
3 
L.
“Services” means the fitness training services and other related services as we may 
periodically modify and improve.  
M.
“Social Media” means any website or application that enables users to create and 
share content or to otherwise participate in social networking. Social Media includes, but is not 
limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn, YouTube, Tumblr, and Reddit.  
N.
“Studio” means the SWEAT440® business developed and operated under this 
Agreement which grants you the right to operate a SWEAT440® fitness studio. 
O.
“Studio Manager” means the designated individual responsible for the day-to-day 
operation of the Studio. The Studio Manager must successfully complete our required training 
program and all mandatory follow-up training programs. Your Studio Manager is identified on the 
Ownership and Management Addendum attached as Exhibit B. 
P.
“System” means the SWEAT440® system which includes the sale of Products and 
Services to individual consumers under the Marks, Patents, and the Flex-Time Process, using 
certain distinctive types of workout facilities, décor, products, studio layout, equipment (including 
the Computer System (as defined in Section 6(D) below)), supplies, Confidential Information, 
business techniques, methods and procedures, and sales promotion programs, as we periodically 
may modify and further improve. 
2.
GRANT 
A.
Grant of Franchise, Authorized Location and Protected Territory. Subject to the 
provisions contained in this Agreement, we grant to you a franchise (the “Franchise”) to own and 
operate a SWEAT440® Studio at a site we approve (the “Authorized Location”) and to use the 
Marks, Patents, and other aspects of the System in operating the Studio. The Authorized Location 
of the Studio is listed in Exhibit A, attached hereto. If you do not have an Authorized Location for 
the Studio at the time you sign this Agreement, the Authorized Location must be identified within 
the nonexclusive “Designated Search Area” listed in Exhibit A and approved by us in writing 
within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the date of this Agreement. In such circumstances, 
you shall select and propose to us for consent a specific site for the Authorized Location in the 
Designated Search Area which, when approved by us, shall be named in Exhibit A. If a location 
has not been selected by you and approved by us within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the 
date of this Agreement, then we may terminate this Agreement. You do not receive any territorial 
rights upon designation of the Designated Search Area, and we and our affiliates have the right to 
operate and franchise other SWEAT440® businesses within the Designated Search Area. After you 
sign a lease for an Authorized Location, you will receive a “Protected Territory” as described in 
Exhibit A to this Agreement.  
B.
Nature of Your Protected Territory. During the term of this Agreement (as described 
in Section 3), if you are in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, we will not directly 
operate or franchise other persons to operate any SWEAT440® business at a location within the 
Protected Territory. The license granted to you under this Agreement is personal in nature and may 
not be used at any location other than at the Studio. You will not open any other SWEAT440® 
business in the Protected Territory unless we permit you to do so under a separate franchise 
