65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
32 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must offer and sell in your Studio all, and only, those Products and Services that we 
have approved.  You must at all times maintain an inventory of approved products and other items 
in such quantities and variety that we direct.  We may add new Products or Services that you must 
offer at or use in your Studio.  Our right to modify the approved list of Products and Services to 
be offered at a Studio is not limited. 
In addition, you may only offer those types and classes of memberships we designate and 
under such terms as we periodically describe in the Operations Manual.  You also must comply 
with our then-current reciprocity policy described in the Operations Manual.  Currently, you must 
allow all customers that have purchased a membership at another Studio to attend classes at your 
Studio with a reduced amount to the customer and without any reimbursement to you.  
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement.  You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
Provision
Section in the Franchise 
Agreement
Summary
a.  Length of the 
franchise term
Franchise Agreement 
Article 3
10 years. 
b.  Renewal or 
extension of the term
Franchise Agreement 
Article 3
If you are in good standing, you can renew the Franchise Agreement for 2 
additional 5-year terms.
c.  Requirements for 
you to renew or extend 
Article 3 
You may renew your Franchise Agreement if the following are satisfied: we are 
still providing Sweat440 franchises; you provide notice between 9 and 6 months 
before the agreement ends; you comply with current franchise agreement; you and 
your Studio Manager meet our new franchisee requirements; you and you Studio 
Manager satisfactorily complete any new/refresher training programs; sign new 
agreement (which may contain materially different terms than your original 
Franchise Agreement); remodel; provide proof you will maintain possession of the 
Studio premises; you have the required licenses or permits for the Studio; pay 
renewal fee; and sign a general release of claims.
d.  Termination by you
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
e.  Termination by us 
without cause
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
f.  Termination by us 
with cause
Sections 15 
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement only if you default. 
