65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
21 
will provide us with copies of the additional insured endorsement, declarations page, the certificate 
of insurance, and other evidence of compliance with these requirements as we periodically require. 
In addition, you will provide to us a copy of the evidence of the renewal or extension of each 
insurance policy in a form we require. Your obligation to obtain and maintain these insurance 
policies in the amounts specified will not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance that we 
may maintain, nor does your procurement of required insurance relieve you of liability under the 
indemnity obligations described in Section 17 of this Agreement. Your insurance procurement 
obligations under this Section 9(M) are separate and independent of your indemnity obligations. 
We do not represent or warrant that any insurance that you are required to purchase will provide 
you with adequate coverage. The insurance requirements specified in this Agreement are for our 
protection. You should consult with your own insurance agents, attorneys, and other insurance 
advisors to determine the level of insurance protection you need and desire, in addition to the 
coverage and limits we require. 
N.
Participation in Internet Website. You will participate in a SWEAT440® website 
listed on the Internet or other online communications and participate in any intranet system we 
control. We will, at our discretion, determine the content and use of a SWEAT440® website and 
intranet system, and will establish rules under which you may or will participate. We will retain 
all rights relating to the SWEAT440® website and intranet system and may alter or terminate the 
website or intranet system upon thirty (30) days’ notice to you, and we will provide guidelines to 
you for updating your landing page on our website. You must use the SWEAT440® email address 
we will provide to you and you must abide by our Social Media and search engine optimization 
policies. Your general conduct on the Internet and the SWEAT440® intranet system, and 
specifically your use of the Marks or any advertising on the Internet (including the domain name 
and any other Marks we may develop as a result of participation on the Internet), will be subject 
to the provisions of this Agreement. You acknowledge that certain information obtained through 
your online participation on pthe website or intranet system is considered Confidential Information 
(as defined in Section 12 below), including access codes and identification codes. Your right to 
participate in the SWEAT440® website or intranet system or otherwise use the Marks or the 
System on the Internet will terminate when this Agreement expires or terminates. 
O.
Membership Agreements. You must offer the types and classes of membership 
agreements we designate under such terms as we specify, as described in the Operations Manual. 
All membership agreements must be in a form we designate or approve, provided that you must 
modify the membership agreement to the extent required under local law and notify us of such 
modifications. You must comply with our then-current reciprocity policy described in the 
Operations Manual, which will require you to allow customers from other SWEAT440® 
businesses to attend workout classes at your Studio at a discounted rate, as described in the 
Operations Manual.  
P.
Test Programs. We may require you, from time to time, to participate in programs 
to test or try out new products, services, equipment, policies or procedures. You will participate, 
at your own expense, in such programs and maintain and submit to us any records and reports that 
we may require.  
Q.
Sales Requirements. You must meet or exceed the minimum sales requirements we 
determine, as we set forth in the Operations Manuals. We may (i) delay the date you may open the 
