65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
8 
Brand Fund have been returned to contributors, without interest, on the basis of their 
respective contributions.  
B.
Local Advertising and Studio Promotion. In addition to the Brand Fund Fee due 
under Section 5(A) above, you must spend a minimum of One Thousand Two Hundred Dollars 
($1,200) per month on approved local advertising. We may direct how you spend your local 
advertising and currently, we require you to spend your local advertising requirement on local 
digital marketing using our designated media vendor (which may be us or our affiliate). During 
the first six (6) months of operation, you must spend an additional One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) 
of your required local advertising using our designated media vendor. If the Studio’s monthly sales 
decrease by more than five percent (5%) in any 3-month period, then you must spend an additional 
One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) on required local advertising using our designated media vendor, 
above the required local advertising, until sales either meet or exceed the monthly sales level prior 
to the decrease. We may increase the local advertising requirement up to Two Thousand Three 
Hundred Dollars ($2,300) per month upon written notice to you. In addition to the amounts that 
you spend on local advertising, you must pay our designated media vendor a marketing 
management fee of One Thousand Two Hundred Dollars ($1,200) per month to manage your 
digital marketing beginning when you sign this Agreement (“Marketing Management Fee”). Our 
designated media vendor may increase the Marketing Management Fee, up to Ten Percent (10%) 
per year. You may, but are not required to, spend additional amounts on “approved” Studio 
advertising and promotional activities in your local geographic area. Studio advertising and 
promotional activities are “approved” if either (i) we provided the materials, plans, or activities to 
you, or (ii) we reviewed your modified or alternative advertising and promotional materials, plans, 
or activities and provided to you written approval.  
i.
We may develop, and make available to you, advertising and promotional 
materials, plans, or activities. If we do so, you must use our recommended materials, plans, 
or activities in promoting the Studio or otherwise develop and obtain our advance written 
approval to any modified or alternative advertising and promotional materials, plans, or 
activities.  
ii.
If you desire to use any modified or alternative advertising and promotional 
materials, plans, or activities in promoting the Studio, you must submit all materials to us 
for our written approval before using any such materials, plans or activities, and our 
approval will not be unreasonably withheld. If we do not approve those advertising or 
promotional materials within ten (10) days from the date you submit those materials to us, 
you may not use the materials; however, we reserve the right to approve those materials at 
any later time. We will supply to you standards for proposed advertising or promotional 
materials, plans, or activities in the Operations Manual. If you use any advertising or 
promotional materials without submitting those materials to us, or if you use materials we 
disapprove, those amounts spent on those materials will not be credited toward your local 
advertising obligations described in this Section 5(B), and we reserve all rights and 
remedies afforded us in this Agreement.  
iii.
We reserve the right to require you to discontinue the use of any advertising 
or promotional activities, even if we previously provided the advertising or promotional 
