65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
23 
using LeadTeam.  If the Studio’s monthly sales decrease by more than 5% in any 3-month period, 
then you must spend an additional $1,000 on required local advertising using LeadTeam, above 
the required local advertising, until sales either meet or exceed the monthly sales level prior to the 
decrease.  We may increase the local advertising requirement up to $2,300 per month. 
In addition to the amounts that you must spend on local advertising, you must pay Lead 
Team a Marketing Management Fee of $1,200 per month to manage your digital marketing.  
LeadTeam may increase the Designated Media Vendor Management Fee, up to 10% per year.   
You are not required to participate in a cooperative. 
We do not have an advertising council composed of franchisees. 
Computer System.  You must purchase the Computer System we designate from us, our 
affiliates, or a designated third party supplier, including the Mariana Tek Platform, and pay us the 
monthly Software License Fee, which is $695 per month.  The Authorized Supplier and the 
Software License Fee are subject to change.  At this time, we require you to purchase the Computer 
System, as described in the Operations Manual, although we may designate a different supplier or 
a different Computer System in the future.  We estimate that the initial cost for the Computer 
System will range from $7,000 to $10,000. See Item 6 for more information.  The Authorized 
Supplier and Software License Fee are subject to change immediately upon written notice.  You 
must purchase or license other required software from our Authorized Suppliers, and you must pay 
the required fees directly to the Authorized Suppliers.  The Authorized Supplier and the Software 
License Fee are subject to change. 
We reserve the right to change the Computer System that we have selected for use in 
Studios.  You may have to purchase new or replacement software from us.  We periodically may 
update or change the Computer System we designate in response to business, operations, 
marketing conditions, or changes in technology.  We estimate that the cost for support, 
maintenance and repair of the Computer System will range from $1,000 to $3,000 per year.  
We will provide you with a current list of approved suppliers (including required and 
recommended suppliers) through updates to the Operations Manuals or other forms of 
communication. 
We estimate that communication services at the highest speed possible with data transfer 
will cost approximately $300 per month for an online merchant services and communication 
system.  If we designate a new third party supplier for the Computer System, we also may designate 
a supplier for merchant processing services including wireless back-up where available and 
communication services, and your fees may change.  
You may be required to obtain ongoing maintenance and repairs respecting the Computer 
System, as well as upgrades or updates respecting the Proprietary Software.  There are no 
contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of additional maintenance or repair.  You must 
incorporate these upgrades and updates to the Computer System.  We will have independent access 
to certain operational and financial information and data produced by your Computer System, 
including Customer Data.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(E)).  “Customer Data” includes any 
name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, demographic data, behavioral data, 
