65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
2 
E.
“Marks” means the SWEAT440® trademark, trade name, and service mark and other 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, logos, slogans, and commercial symbols that we 
have designated, or may in the future designate, for use in the System. 
F.
 “Principal Owner” means any person or entity who directly or indirectly owns a five 
percent (5%) or greater interest in you.  If any corporation or other entity other than a partnership is a 
Principal Owner, a “Principal Owner” also will mean each shareholder or owner of a five percent (5%) or 
greater interest in such corporation or other entity.  If a partnership is a Principal Owner, a “Principal 
Owner” also will mean each general partner of such partnership and, if such general partner is an entity, 
each owner of a five percent (5%) or greater interest in such general partner.  If you are one or more 
individuals, each individual will be deemed a Principal Owner of you.   
G.
“Regional Manager” means any manager selected by you and approved by us to oversee 
the development and operation of up to five (5) SWEAT440® Studios pursuant to this Agreement. 
H.
“Studio” means the SWEAT440® business developed and operated under a separate 
Franchise Agreement, which grants you the right to operate a SWEAT440® fitness studio. 
I.
“System” means the SWEAT440® system which includes the sale of products and services 
to individual consumers under the Marks, using certain distinctive types of workout facilities, décor, studio 
layout, equipment, supplies, Confidential Information, business techniques, methods and procedures, and 
sales promotion programs, as we periodically may modify and further improve. 
2.
USE OF SYSTEM 
You acknowledge, and do not contest, our exclusive ownership and rights to each and every aspect 
of the System, as we may modify or further develop.  Your right to use the System is specifically limited 
to the provisions of this Agreement and the Franchise Agreements for individual Studios executed by the 
parties thereto.  
3.
DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
A.
Term of Agreement/Reservation of Rights.  Subject to earlier termination as provided 
herein, this Agreement is for a term commencing on the Effective Date and expiring on the earlier of: (i) 
the last day of the last Development Period as stated in the Development Schedule; or (ii) the date the lease 
for the final Studio to be developed under the Development Schedule is signed.  We (for ourselves and our 
affiliates) retain the right:  (1) to own and operate, and to grant other persons the right to own and operate, 
SWEAT440® Studios at locations outside the Designated Area; (2) to sell within and outside the 
Designated Area the products and services authorized for sale at SWEAT440® Studios under trademarks 
and service marks other than the Marks through similar or dissimilar channels of distribution and pursuant 
to conditions we deem appropriate; (3) to sell the products and services authorized for sale at SWEAT440® 
Studios under the Marks through dissimilar channels of distribution, including by electronic means such as 
the Internet and by websites we establish, and pursuant to conditions we deem appropriate within and 
outside the Designated Area; (4) to advertise the System on the Internet (or any other existing or future 
form of electronic commerce) and to create, operate, maintain and modify, or discontinue the use of a 
website using the Marks; and (5) own and operate, and to grant other persons the right to own and operate, 
SWEAT440® Studios to “Captive Market Locations.”  A “Captive Market Location” is a Studio location 
within a regional, enclosed, or similarly situated shopping center or mall, airport or other transportation 
terminal, sports facility, hospital, college or university campus, corporate campus, a department within an 
existing retail store, hotel or motel, grocery store, or other similar type of location that has a restricted trade 
area. 
