65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
23 
11.
INSPECTIONS, AUDITS AND COLLECTIONS 
A.
Our Right to Inspect the Studio. To determine whether you are complying with this 
Agreement, we or our designee may, at any time during business hours and without prior notice to 
you, inspect the Studio and inspect and evaluate your Authorized Location, supplies, merchandise, 
equipment, storage, and other items or areas. You will fully cooperate with us and our designee 
making any inspection, and you will permit us or our designee to take photographs and video of 
the Studio and Authorized Location, and to interview employees and customers of the Studio. If 
we establish a mystery shopper program, we may require you to pay for the expense of mystery 
shopper visits at your Authorized Location. 
B.
Our Right to Examine Books and Records. We may, at all reasonable times and 
without prior notice to you, examine, audit, or request copies of the Records, including the books, 
records, and state and/or federal income tax records and returns of any Principal Owner. You must 
maintain all Records and supporting documents at all times at the Authorized Location. You will 
make financial and other information available at a location we reasonably request and will allow 
us and our designee(s) full and free access to any such information at the Studio. Upon reasonable 
request, you will make photocopies of all records we request and forward them to us or our 
designee(s) at such address as we designate in writing at your cost. You will fully cooperate with 
our designee and independent accountants hired to conduct any examination or audit. 
C.
Result of Audit; Unreported Gross Sales. The following remedies are in addition to 
all of our other remedies and rights under this Agreement and applicable law. 
i.
If any examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales of 
two percent (2%) or less, you will immediately pay to us the Royalty Fees and other fees 
due of the amount of the understatement, plus interest (at the rate provided in Section 4(D) 
above) from the date originally due until the date of payment.  
ii.
If any examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales of 
more than two percent (2%) but less than five percent (5%), you will immediately pay to 
us the amount of the understatement plus interest (at the rate provided in Section 4(D) 
above) from the date originally due until the date of payment, plus all costs associated with 
the examination or audit, including any travel, lodging, meals, compensation, and 
reasonable accounting and legal fees incurred by us. 
iii.
If any examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales of 
more than five percent (5%), we may immediately terminate you, upon written notice, and 
without any opportunity to cure, in accordance with Section 15.  
iv.
If any examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales of 
two percent (2%) or more on three (3) separate occasions in any thirty-six (36) month 
period, we may immediately terminate you, upon written notice, and without any 
opportunity to cure, in accordance with Section 15. 
D.
Collections. We reserve the right to send any amounts due and owing to us under 
this Agreement to a third-party collection agency. If we send any amounts due and owing to us 
under this Agreement to a third party collection agency, you will pay us the costs and expenses 
