65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
31 
xi.
a receiver or other custodian is appointed over the Studio; 
xii.
you are in default under any agreement for indebtedness if such default 
results in the acceleration of indebtedness with an outstanding principal amount of two 
hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) or more; 
xiii.
a petition for bankruptcy is filed by or against you and such petition is not 
dismissed within sixty (60) days; 
xiv.
you are involved in any act or conduct which materially impairs or 
otherwise is prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the name “Sweat440” or any of the 
Marks or the System;
xv.
you or a Principal Owner makes an unauthorized assignment or transfer of 
this Agreement, the Studio or an ownership interest in you;
xvi.
the operation, maintenance, or construction of the Studio results that in 
violation of any federal, state or local government health code, or a threat or danger to the 
public health or safety, or in any manner that we determine jeopardizes the public health or 
safety;
xvii.
your lease for the Authorized Location expires or is terminated for any 
reason (unless, through no fault of you, the lessor of the Authorized Location refuses to 
renew your lease and you relocate within the Protected Territory to a site we approve within 
ninety (90) days thereafter); 
xviii.
any examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales of 
more than five percent (5%); 
xix.
any examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales of two 
percent (2%) or more on three (3) separate occasions in any thirty-six (36) month period; 
xx.
you fail to meet the applicable minimum sales requirements, as set forth in 
Section 3(C) above, on two (2) or more occasions in any consecutive twelve (12) month 
period; and
xxi.
you violate any material provision or obligation of this Agreement;
B.
Procedure.  
i.
Except as described below, you will have thirty (30) days after your receipt 
from us of a written notice to remedy any default hereunder, and to provide evidence 
thereof to us. If you fail to correct the alleged default within that time, this Agreement will 
terminate without further notice to you effective immediately when the thirty (30) day 
period, or such longer period as applicable law may require, expires.  
ii.
You will have seventy-two (72) hours after your receipt from us of a written 
notice to remedy any default under item (xiv) under Section 15(A) above, and to provide 
