65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
10 
THIS OFFERING AND/OR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, OR (C) ENDORSES OR MAKES ANY 
RECOMMENDATION RESPECTING THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED BY 
THIS OFFERING.” 
E. 
Our Right of First Refusal.  If you (or if you are an entity, the Principal Owners) at any 
time desire to sell or assign for consideration any part of this Agreement, the Studio, an ownership interest 
representing (in the aggregate) fifty percent (50%) or more of the ownership in you, or all or substantially 
all of your assets, you or your Principal Owners must obtain a bona fide, executed written offer from a 
responsible and fully disclosed purchaser, and you must deliver a copy of the offer to us.  We have the right, 
exercisable by written notice delivered to you or your Principal Owners within thirty (30) days following 
receipt of the proposed offer, to purchase the interest in the Studio or ownership interest in you for the price 
and on terms contained in the offer.  We may substitute cash for any non-cash form of payment proposed 
in the offer and will have a minimum of sixty (60) days to prepare for closing.  If we do not exercise our 
right of first refusal, you or your Principal Owners may complete the sale to the proposed purchaser under 
the terms of the offer, provided you and the Principal Owners otherwise comply with this Section 13.  If 
the sale to the proposed purchaser is not completed within sixty (60) days after delivery of the offer to us, 
or if there is a material change in the terms of the sale, we again will have the right of first refusal.  
F.
Guaranty.  If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity, 
all of your Principal Owners will sign the Guaranty and Assumption Agreement in the form attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit C (the “Guaranty Agreement”). Any person or entity that at any time after the date 
of this Agreement becomes a Principal Owner under the provisions of this Section 13 or otherwise will, as 
a condition of becoming a Principal Owner, sign the Guaranty Agreement.  
14.  
TERMINATION 
A.
Defaults – Curable.  You will be in default and we may terminate this Agreement, effective 
ten (10) days following your receipt of written notice of termination, if you fail to pay any fees due and 
owing to us, our affiliates, other SWEAT440® franchisees, or approved suppliers.  In addition, you will be 
in default and we may terminate this Agreement, effective thirty (30) days following your receipt of written 
notice of termination, if any of the following breaches occur and you fail to cure such breach within thirty 
(30) days: 
i.
You fail to meet your development requirements described in the Development 
Schedule; or  
ii.
You fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement or any Franchise 
Agreement or other agreement between you and us.  
B.
Defaults – Non-curable.  In addition to the rights of termination described in Section 14(A) 
above, we may terminate this Agreement without granting you any opportunity to cure the default, effective 
immediately upon written notice to you, if any of the following occur: 
i.
An immediate threat or danger to public health or safety results from the 
construction, maintenance, or operation of a Studio;  
ii.
You (or any Principal Owner) fail on three (3) separate occasions within any period 
of twelve (12) consecutive months to comply with any provision of this 
Agreement, whether or not the failure to comply is corrected after notice is 
delivered to you; 
