65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
33 
Provision
Section in the Franchise 
Agreement
Summary
g.  “Cause” defined – 
curable defaults 
Sections 15(A) and (B) 
You have 30 days to cure failure to open Studio when required, failure to 
complete training, failure to comply with System standards, failure to conform to 
System, submission of false reports or concealing revenue, a violation of any 
material provision of the Agreement, failure to comply with federal, state and 
local laws (not including health and safety laws and regulations), an unauthorized 
assignment or transfer, or failure to pay Royalty and other fees if we don’t send 
notice. You have 10 days to cure a default under another agreement if the default 
results in acceleration of debt of $200,000 or more. You have 5 days from notice 
to cure failure to pay Royalty and other fees. You have 72 hours to cure a health 
or safety violation.
h.  “Cause” defined – 
non-curable defaults 
Sections 15(A) and (B) 
Failure on 3 or more occasions in any 12 months to comply with any provision, 
default is not curable, a material misrepresentation on franchise application, 
conviction of or proof that you have committed a felony or other crime which 
harms the Studio’s reputation, government action against you which injures the 
goodwill associates with the Marks, insolvency, an assignment of assets to 
creditors, Studio abandonment, defaults which injures the goodwill associated 
with the Marks, receiver or custodian is appointed over the Studio, bankruptcy, 
operation of the Studio results in a threat to public health or safety, lease expires 
or is terminated, audit shows understatements of Gross Sales more than 5%, 
failure to meet applicable sales minimums 2 or more times in 12 months, or 3 
separate audits show an understatement of Gross Sales of 2% or more in 36 
months, or termination of the Multi-Unit Development Agreement or any other 
agreement between you and us.
i.  Your obligations on 
termination/ 
nonrenewal 
Article 16 and  
Section 13(C) 
Cease operation of the Studio and use of Marks, pay all amounts due us and our 
affiliates and authorized suppliers, stop using and return manuals and other 
materials, assign to us the Studio telephone number and telephone listing or (at 
our option) disconnect the telephone number, remove all signs and other materials 
containing any Marks, comply with obligations under any proprietary software 
license/access agreements, cancel all fictitious or assumed name filings, cease 
using Confidential Information and trade secrets, sell back to us or return all 
Products, and agree not to divert Studio customers to any competing business for 
2 years (also see o, r below).
j.  Assignment of 
contract by us
Section 14(A) 
Assignee must fulfill our obligations under the agreement. 
k.  “Transfer” by you-
defined 
Sections 14(B) and 14(C) 
Includes transfer to an entity if the ownership and management of Studio if 
substantially unchanged, and transfer of the Studio or its assets, or your interest in 
the franchise agreement or any material (“material interest”) ownership change.
l.  Our approval of  
transfer by franchisee
Sections 14(B), (C) and 
(D)
We have the right to approve all transfers of the Franchise Agreement, but will not 
unreasonably withhold approval.
m.  Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Section 14(C) 
New franchisee qualifies and pays for and completes training, all amounts owed 
us or our affiliates or any suppliers are paid, and you are in good standing, new 
franchisee assumes existing Agreement or (at our option) signs then-current 
agreement, we approve transfer agreement, transfer fee paid, lease assigned (if 
applicable), you sign non-compete agreement and general release, and you do not 
retain a security interest in the agreement.
n.  Our right of first 
refusal to acquire your 
business
Section 14(F) 
We can match any offer for your business. 
o.  Our option to 
purchase your 
business
Section 16(C) 
When the Franchise Agreement expires or terminates, we may purchase assets at 
book value. 
