65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
3 
licenses. It is your continuous responsibility to investigate and satisfy all federal, state, and local 
laws and regulations as they vary from place to place and may change from time to time. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Mr. Cody Patrick, Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Patrick is our co-founder and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 2018, 
and the Chief Executive Officer of our Parent since July 2017, in Miami Beach, Florida. Since 
May 2010, Mr. Patrick has also served and continues to serve as the founder, owner, and CEO of 
Sunset Harbor Innovative Fitness Training in Miami Beach, Florida.  
Mr. Matthew Miller, Chief Brand Officer  
Mr. Miller is our co-founder and has served as our Chief Brand Officer since July 2022. Mr. Miller 
served as our Chief Operations Officer from November 2018 to July 2022 and has served as the 
Chief Operations Officer of our Parent since July 2017, in Miami Beach, Florida.  Since June 2008, 
Mr. Miller has also served and continues to serve as the founder, owner, and CEO of Miller Sports 
Training and Fitness in Miami Beach, Florida. 
ITEM 3 
LITIGATION 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
The “Initial Franchise Fee” for a Studio franchise is $60,000.  The Initial Franchise Fee is 
paid to us when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee must be paid in lump 
sum, is non-refundable, and is fully earned when it is paid. If you are a veteran of the United States 
Armed Forces (with evidence of enrollment), then we will give you a $5,000 discount off your 
Initial Franchise Fee. 
If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you will pay us a “Multi-Unit 
Development Fee,” the amount of which varies depending upon the total number of Studios you 
agree to develop. The Multi-Unit Development Fee is paid to us in lump sum when you sign the 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement, and is not refundable under any circumstances. The table 
below lists the amount of the Multi-Unit Development Fee based on the total number of Studios 
to be developed under the Development Schedule. 
