65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
5 
ii.
You have given us written notice at least one hundred eighty (180) days, but 
no more than two hundred seventy (270) days, before the end of the Initial Term of this 
Agreement of your intention to enter into a renewal agreement;
iii.
You have complied with all of the material provisions of this Agreement 
and all other agreements between you and us or any of our respective affiliates, including 
the payment of all monetary obligations owed to us, to our affiliates or to your suppliers, 
and have complied with our material operating and quality standards and procedures; 
iv.
You provide documentation satisfactory to us that you have the right to 
maintain possession of the Authorized Location during the renewal term described in our 
then-current franchise agreement and have, at your expense, made such reasonable capital 
expenditures necessary to remodel, modernize, and redecorate the Authorized Location, 
and to replace and modernize the supplies, fixtures, signs, and equipment used in your 
Studio so that the Authorized Location reflects the then-current physical appearance of new 
SWEAT440® businesses, or are able to secure a new location which we have approved 
(such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), agree to make all required improvements 
to the Authorized Location, and install and update all required fixtures and equipment in 
compliance with our then-current standards and specifications for new SWEAT440® 
businesses;
v.
You provide documentation satisfactory to us that you have all necessary 
licenses, permits, and insurance to operate the Studio for the duration of the renewal term; 
vi.
You and your Principal Owners meet all of our managerial, financial, and 
business standards for new and renewing franchisees; 
vii.
You (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal) and the Studio Manager 
complete, to our satisfaction, any new training and supplemental programs as we may 
reasonably require. You are responsible for all travel, lodging, and compensation costs for 
the attendees;
viii.
You have paid to us, at least thirty (30) days before the Initial Term of this 
Agreement expires our then-current Renewal Fee, which will not exceed 50% of our then-
current standard initial franchise fee, in lieu of our then-current standard initial franchise 
fee applicable to new SWEAT440® businesses; 
ix.
You sign our then-current standard Franchise Agreement, which may differ 
materially from the provisions of this Agreement; and
x.
You and each Principal Owner sign a general release, in a form acceptable 
to us, of all claims against us and our affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents. 
C.
Non-Renewal. If we notify you that your Franchise is not eligible for renewal, you 
will have six (6) months from the notice of non-renewal to sell your Franchise pursuant to Section 
14 of this Agreement, provided that the transferee will sign our then-current franchise agreement 
for the full initial term. Nothing in this section shall constitute a waiver of our right to terminate 
this Agreement under Section 15 below.  
