65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
39 
P.
Entire Agreement. The “Introduction” section, the exhibit(s) to this Agreement, and 
the Disclosure Acknowledgment Agreement signed contemporaneously by you are a part of this 
Agreement, which represents the entire agreement of the parties, and there are no other oral or 
written understandings or agreements between us and you relating to the subject matter of this 
Agreement. Nothing in the Agreement is intended to disclaim the representations we made in the 
franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. 
19.
NOTICES 
All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions of 
this Agreement are deemed so delivered at the time delivered by hand, one (1) business day after 
sent by a recognized overnight delivery service which requires a written receipt, or three (3) 
business days after placed in the U.S. Mail by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to be notified at the address stated herein or at such 
other address as may have been designated in writing to the other party. 
20.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
A.
Success of Franchised Business. The success of the business venture you intend to 
undertake under this Agreement is speculative and depends, to a large extent, upon your (or the 
Principal Owners’) ability as an independent businessperson, and your active participation in the 
daily affairs of the Studio, as well as other factors. We do not make any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the potential success of the business venture. 
B.
Independent Investigation. You acknowledge that you have entered into this 
Agreement after making an independent investigation of our operations and not upon any 
representation as to gross revenues, volume, potential earnings, or potential profits which you 
might be expected to realize, nor has anyone made any other representation, which is not expressly 
stated herein or in the franchise disclosure document, to induce you to accept this Franchise and 
sign this Agreement. 
C.
Receipt of Documents. You acknowledge that you received a copy of the complete 
Franchise Agreement, and exhibits attached hereto, at least seven (7) calendar days before the date 
on which this Agreement was executed. You further acknowledge that you received the disclosure 
document required by the trade regulation rule of the Federal Trade Commission entitled 
“Franchise Disclosure Document” at least fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the date on which 
this Agreement was executed. You represent that you have read this Agreement in its entirety and 
that you have been given the opportunity to clarify any provisions that you did not understand and 
to consult with any attorney or other professional advisor. You further represent that you 
understand the provisions of this Agreement and agree to be bound. 
D.
Other Franchises. You acknowledge that other SWEAT440® businesses have or 
will be granted franchises at different times and in different situations, and further acknowledge 
