65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
4 
agreement. You will not have the right to subfranchise or sublicense any of your rights under this 
Agreement.  
C.
Rights We Reserve. The rights granted to you under this Agreement are 
nonexclusive, and we and our affiliates have and retain all rights, except those expressly granted 
to you herein. Accordingly, we (for us and for our affiliates) retain the right:  
i.
to directly operate, or to grant other persons the right to operate, 
SWEAT440® businesses at any location outside your Protected Territory and without 
regard to the impact on your Studio (subject to any rights granted under a development 
agreement with us); 
ii.
to promote, sell, and distribute any Services, Products, memberships, 
merchandise, or other goods or services authorized for sale at SWEAT440® businesses; 
iii.
to modify, add, or remove services, merchandise, products, equipment, 
supplies, and other goods and services authorized for sale and use at SWEAT440® 
businesses; 
iv.
to promote, sell, and distribute any ancillary products and services such as 
memorabilia under the Marks through dissimilar channels of distribution including direct 
mail, wholesale activities, and by any electronic means and pursuant to conditions we deem 
appropriate within and outside the Protected Territory;
v.
to promote the System and the SWEAT440® businesses generally, 
including on the Internet or any other existing or future form of one or more electronic 
commerce, and to create, operate, maintain, and modify, or discontinue the use of, websites 
and Social Media accounts using the Marks; 
vi.
to develop, establish, and promote other business systems using the Marks, 
or other names or marks, and to grant licenses to use those systems without providing any 
rights to you; 
vii.
to add or substitute different trademarks, trade names, service marks, 
symbols, logos, emblems, and other intellectual property for the Marks at no cost to us. 
3.
TERM; RENEWAL RIGHTS
A.
Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and, unless 
otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement, will continue for a period of ten (10) 
years (the “Initial Term”).  
B.
Renewal Agreement. You will have the right to continue the Franchise for two (2) 
additional terms of five (5) years each, provided that the following conditions are satisfied:  
i.
We are still offering Sweat440® franchises in the area where your 
Authorized Location is located; 
