65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
7 
misconduct.  You must pay all losses, liability, damages, and taxes we incur pursuant to your obligations 
of indemnity under this Section 11(B) regardless of any settlement, actions, or defense we undertake or the 
subsequent success or failure of any settlement, actions or defense.  Further, you agree to give us immediate 
notice of any such action, proceeding, demand, or investigation brought against you or any Studio. We may 
designate counsel, at your expense, to defend or settle such action, proceeding, demand, or investigation 
brought against you or any Studio. This obligation does not diminish your indemnification obligations under 
this Section 11(B). 
12.  
COVENANTS 
A.
Organization.  If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other 
entity, then you covenant that: 
i.
You are organized and validly exist under the laws of the state where you were 
formed; 
ii.
You are qualified and authorized to do business in the jurisdiction(s) where the 
Designated Area is located;  
iii.
Your articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement, member control 
agreement or other organizational documents (“Authorizing Documents”) at all 
times will provide that your business activities will be limited exclusively to the 
development, ownership and operation of the Studios, unless you otherwise obtain 
our written consent; 
iv.
You have the power under the Authorizing Documents to sign this Agreement and 
comply with the provisions of this Agreement;  
v.
You must provide us copies of all Authorizing Documents and any other 
documents, agreements or resolutions we request in writing;  
vi.
The names of the Principal Owners are accurately stated on the Guaranty attached 
hereto as Exhibit C; and 
vii.
At all times, you will maintain a current schedule of the Principal Owners and their 
ownership interests (including the Principal Owners’ names, address and telephone 
numbers) and will immediately provide us with an updated ownership schedule if 
there is any change in ownership. 
B.
Covenant Not to Compete During Term.  You (and if you are an entity, each Principal 
Owner) and the Regional Manager will not, during the term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly or as 
an employee, agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, or shareholder of any other person, firm, entity, 
partnership or corporation: (i) divert or attempt to divert any business or customers of any Studio to any 
competitor or perform any act that would damage the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System; or 
(ii) own, operate, lease, franchise, conduct, engage in, be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any 
person or entity engaged in any business (including any e-commerce or Internet-based business) that offers 
or conducts fitness classes or instruction or that offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or retail, exercise 
apparel and accessories, products, or any other related business that is competitive with or similar to a 
SWEAT440® business except: (1) with our prior written consent; (2) the ownership of securities listed on 
a stock exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market that represent one percent (1%) or less of that 
class of securities; or (3) under a separate agreement between you and us. 
