65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
F-13 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
To the extent the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§80C.01 – 80C.22 applies, the 
terms of this Addendum apply. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the 
following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall comply 
with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 4 which requires that except for certain specified cases, 
that franchisee be given 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement.   
The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that franchisor indemnify franchisees 
whose franchise is located in Minnesota against liability to third parties resulting from 
claims by third parties that the franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademarks (“Marks”) 
infringe upon the trademark rights of the third party.  Franchisor does not indemnify against 
the consequences of a franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademark but franchisor shall 
indemnify franchisee for claims against franchisee solely as it relates to franchisee’s use of 
the Marks in accordance with the requirements of the Franchise Agreement and 
franchisor’s standards.  As a further condition to indemnification, the franchisee must 
provide notice to franchisor of any such claim immediately and tender the defense of the 
claim to franchisor.  If franchisor accepts tender of defense, franchisor has the right to 
manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise 
resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.   
Franchisee will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver that 
would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22. 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall comply 
with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 3 which requires that except for certain specified cases, 
a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure).  Termination 
of the franchise by the franchisor shall be effective immediately upon receipt by franchisee 
of the notice of termination where its grounds for termination or cancellation are: 
(1) voluntary abandonment of the franchise relationship by the franchisee; (2) the 
conviction of the franchisee of an offense directly related to the business conducted 
according to the Franchise Agreement; or (3) failure of the franchisee to cure a default 
under the Franchise Agreement which materially impairs the goodwill associated with the 
franchisor’s trade name, trademark, service mark, logo type or other commercial symbol 
after the franchisee has received written notice to cure of at least twenty-four (24) hours in 
advance thereof.   
According to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 in Minnesota Rules or 2860.4400J, the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement shall not in any way abrogate or reduce your rights as provided for 
in Minn. Stat. 1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit certain matters to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in this Franchise Agreement 
shall abrogate or reduce any of franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C, 
