65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
14 
cost will increase as the number of square feet increases.  The size of your Studio is 
principally determined by requirements or restrictions that your landlord and appropriate 
municipality or zoning boards may impose, and availability and cost of leasable space.  
This Table reflects your estimated initial investment for two Studios operated under a 
Franchise Agreement.  This information assumes that you will lease the premises for your 
Studios. 
(2)
Amount.  Except where otherwise noted, all fees that you pay to us are non-refundable.  
Third party lessors, contractors and suppliers will decide if payments to them are 
refundable. 
(3)
Multi-Unit Development Fee.  If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you pay 
us the Multi-Unit Development Fee as more fully described in Item 5.  The Multi-Unit 
Development Fee is paid to us to cover the costs of providing you with a protected territory 
to develop the Studios pursuant to the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. 
(4)
Initial Investment to Open a Studio.  This figure represents the total estimated initial 
investment required to open a Studio that you agree to open and operate under the 
Development Agreement. You will be required to enter into our then-current form of 
franchise agreement for each Studio you open under your Development Agreement. The 
range may change for the second Studio.  The range includes all the items outlined in Part 
A of this Item 7, excluding the Initial Franchise Fee for the Studios. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES  
To ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout the 
SWEAT440® system, you must comply with and maintain our quality standards. 
Designated Products and Services 
You must purchase for use or sale at your Studio only those products and services we 
approve for sale at your Studio (the “Products and Services”) and other services or products we 
designate from Authorized Suppliers. “Authorized Suppliers” means suppliers of Products, 
Services, merchandise, décor, furniture, signs, equipment, or other goods and services used in the 
operation of the Studio who have been approved, in writing, by us.  We or our designees may be 
the sole source of supply for certain services and products.  Currently, we are not the only supplier 
of any Products and Services except as described in this Item 8. 
Additionally, LeadTeam provides marketing and related services to the Brand Fund and 
directly to franchisees.  You must use LeadTeam in developing your approved Studio advertising 
and promotional activities in your local geographic area for local advertising and Studio 
promotion, and to manage the Studio’s local digital marketing.  We will not grant our approval for 
you to use an alternative supplier to LeadTeam.   
You must participate in our call center program (“Call Center”).  Currently, Red Valley 
Staffing is our required vendor for the Call Center.  The current monthly cost for their service is 
$1,800. 
