65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
9 
activities to you or we previously approved your proposed advertising or marketing 
activities. 
iv.
You must use our Authorized Suppliers (if any) in developing and 
conducting all or some of your approved Studio advertising and promotional activities in 
your local geographic area, as we designate. 
C.
National Accounts. We will have the exclusive right, on behalf of ourselves, our 
affiliate, you, and/or other franchisees utilizing the Marks, to negotiate and enter into agreements 
or approve forms of agreement to provide services to “National Accounts,” including National 
Accounts that you have solicited or serviced. The term “National Account” means any business or 
businesses under common control, ownership, or branding, which operate locations in or deliver 
products and services beyond one SWEAT440® business location, regardless of the volume of 
products and/or services to be purchased by the customer. Any dispute as to whether a particular 
customer is a National Account will be determined by us in our sole discretion, and our 
determination will be final and binding. You may not solicit any National Accounts without our 
prior written consent. If we enter into any agreements or approve any forms of agreement to 
provide services to National Accounts, then we may offer you the opportunity to participate in the 
National Accounts program. If we offer you the opportunity to participate in the National Accounts 
program, and you decline, you lose your right to participate in any future National Accounts 
programs, and we reserve the right to continue to offer other franchisees the right to participate in 
National Accounts program(s).  
D.
Participation in Certain Programs and Promotions. You must use your best efforts 
to advertise and promote your Studio, and must participate in all advertising and promotional 
programs we establish in the manner we direct. If we establish a gift card or gift certificate 
program, you must, at your expense, participate in, and honor all provisions of such program(s), 
as further described in the Operations Manual. You also must honor all coupons, discounts, and 
gift certificates as we may reasonably specify in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. 
You may otherwise advertise and sell the Products and Services at the Studio at whatever prices 
you determine. 
6.
DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF THE BUSINESS 
A.
Site Selection; Lease for Authorized Location. You are solely responsible for 
securing a site for the Studio that we have approved. We will provide you with reasonable 
assistance in connection with the selection and evaluation of proposed Studio sites, including site 
selection criteria, as we deem appropriate. You must use a site location specialist we designate to 
assist you in finding potential sites for your Studio. You must submit to us a complete site 
evaluation form (containing any information that we may require) for the proposed Studio location. 
We will notify you in writing within thirty (30) days after we receive your complete site evaluation 
form and other materials we request. If you enter into a lease for the Authorized Location, you 
must provide the proposed lease to us and receive our prior written approval (which will not be 
unreasonably withheld) of the proposed lease before you sign it. In addition, you and the landlord 
of the Authorized Location (“Landlord”) must sign a Lease Addendum in the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit C, unless otherwise approved in advance by us. Once you and the Landlord execute and 
