65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
4 
C.
Franchise Agreement; Initial Franchise Fee.  You (and your Principal Owners (if any)) 
must sign the Franchise Agreement for a specific Studio (other than your first Studio) and return the 
executed Franchise Agreement to us on the earlier of (a) securing a site or (b) at least two hundred forty 
(240) days prior to the date by which you must open the Studio pursuant to the Development Schedule.  
You will sign the Franchise Agreement for the initial Studio at the time you sign this Agreement.  You will 
not be required to pay an initial franchise fee for those Studios you agreed to establish under the 
Development Schedule.  
5.  
MULTI-UNIT DEVELOPMENT FEES  
Upon execution of this Agreement, you must pay us a “Multi-Unit Development Fee,” the amount 
of which varies depending on the total number of Studios you agree to develop.  The total Multi-Unit 
Development Fee is described in Exhibit A to this Agreement.  The Multi-Unit Development Fee is deemed 
fully earned by us upon execution of this Agreement and is nonrefundable. The number of Studios that you 
commit to open is described on the Development Schedule in Exhibit A to this Agreement.  
6.  
SUPERIORITY OF INDIVIDUAL FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
All individual Franchise Agreements that you (or your affiliates) and we sign for Studios within 
the Designated Area are independent of this Agreement.  The continued effectiveness of any individual 
Franchise Agreement does not depend on the continued effectiveness of this Agreement.  If any conflict 
arises between this Agreement and any individual Franchise Agreement as to any individual Studio, the 
individual Franchise Agreement will control. 
7.  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
A.
Ownership and Use of Confidential Information.  You acknowledge and agree that you do 
not acquire any interest in the Confidential Information, other than the right to use it in developing and 
operating Studios pursuant to this Agreement, and that the use or duplication of the Confidential 
Information in any other business constitutes an unfair method of competition. You acknowledge and agree 
that the Confidential Information is proprietary and is a trade secret of ours and is disclosed to you solely 
on the condition that you agree that you:  (i) will not use the Confidential Information in any other business 
or capacity; (ii) will maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information during and after 
the term of this Agreement; (iii) will not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential 
Information disclosed in written form; (iv) will adopt and implement all reasonable procedures we direct to 
prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including restrictions on disclosure 
to your employees; and (v) will require the Regional Manager and each of your officers, managers and 
other employees and agents with access to Confidential Information to sign a non-disclosure agreement in 
a form we approve.  The restrictions on your disclosure and use of the Confidential Information will not 
apply to disclosure of Confidential Information in judicial or administrative proceedings to the extent you 
are legally compelled to disclose this information, if you use your best efforts, and provides us the 
opportunity, to obtain an appropriate protective order or other assurance satisfactory to us of confidential 
treatment for the information required to be so disclosed. 
B.
Improvements.  You must fully and promptly disclose to us, all ideas, concepts, methods, 
techniques, improvements, and additions relating to the development and/or operation of a SWEAT440® 
business or the System, or any new trade names, service marks, or other commercial symbols, or associated 
logos relating to the operation of a Studio, or any marketing, advertising or promotion ideas related to a 
Studio (collectively the “Improvements”) conceived or developed by you and/or your employees during 
the term of this Agreement.  You agree that we have the perpetual right to use and authorize others to use 
the Improvements without any obligation to you for royalties or other fees.   
