65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
7 
Type of Fee 
Amount (See Note 1)
Due Date 
Remarks 
Remodeling 
Expenses
Will vary under circumstances 
When incurred 
See Note 11. 
Income and Sales 
Taxes 
We may collect from you the cost 
of all taxes arising from our 
licensing of intellectual property 
to you in the state where your 
Studio is located, as well as any 
assessment on fees and any other 
income we receive from you
Payable monthly by 
electronic funds 
transfer at same time as 
Royalty Fee 
Only imposed if your state collects these taxes or 
assessments. 
Extension Fee 
(Multi-Unit) 
$5,000 per Studio 
As incurred. 
The extension will not be longer than 3 months.  If 
we permit the extension, you will only be granted 
one extension per Studio.
Notes:  
(1)
Except where otherwise noted, all fees are payable to us, are non-refundable, and are 
uniformly imposed. 
(2)
“Gross Sales'' means the aggregate amount of revenues generated from the sale of 
memberships, Services, Products, merchandise, and other goods or services, whether for 
cash, on credit, or otherwise made or provided at or in connection with the Studio.  The 
term “Gross Sales” does not include: (1) any federal, state, municipal or other sales tax, 
value added tax, or retailer’s excise tax paid or accrued by you; (2) any adjustment for 
refunds, credits, allowances, returns, and discounts allowed to customers on sales; (3) any 
proceeds from insurance with respect to property damage or liability; or (4) uncollectible 
amounts, subject to the limitation that uncollectible amounts cannot exceed 0.5% of Gross 
Sales for any fiscal year of the franchisee and subsequent collections of charged off 
amounts must be included in Gross Sales when they are collected.  A sale is made at the 
earlier of delivery of the product or service, or receipt of payment.  
(3)
You must spend at least $1,200 per month on approved local advertising.  We may direct 
how you spend your local advertising and currently, we require you to spend your local 
advertising requirement on local digital marketing using LeadTeam.  During the first 6 
months of operation, you must spend an additional $1,000 of your required local 
advertising using LeadTeam.  If the Studio’s monthly sales decrease by more than 5% in 
any 3-month period, then you must spend an additional $1,000 on required local advertising 
using LeadTeam, above the required local advertising, until sales either meet or exceed the 
monthly sales level prior to the decrease.  We may increase the local advertising 
requirement up to $2,300 per month. 
(4)
In addition to the amounts that you must spend on local advertising, you must pay Lead 
Team a Marketing Management Fee of $1,200 per month to manage your digital marketing.  
LeadTeam may increase the Designated Media Vendor Management Fee, up to 10% per 
year.   
(5)
You must obtain your software from our designated software provider and pay them or us 
a monthly software fee.  Currently, you must pay us $695 per month for the Software 
License Fee.  We may adjust the Software License Fee, immediately upon written notice; 
