65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
25 
(ii) business processes; (iii) strategic business plans; (iv) customer lists and information; (v) 
marketing and promotional campaigns; (vi) Designated Software; and (vii) our materials clearly 
marked or labeled as trade secrets (“Trade Secrets”). You agree that the Trade Secrets, which may 
or may not be considered "trade secrets" under prevailing judicial interpretations or statutes, is 
private, valuable, and constitutes trade secrets belonging to us. You understand and agree that we 
derive independent economic value from the Trade Secrets not being generally known to, and not 
being readily ascertainable through proper means by, any other person. You will take reasonable 
measures to keep such information secret. Upon termination of this Agreement, you will not use, 
sell, teach, train, disseminate, or otherwise expose any other person, firm, corporation, association, 
or other entity or group, in any manner to any Trade Secret. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Agreement, there may be certain, limited circumstances where applicable law allows for 
the disclosure of certain trade secrets, as specified in the Operations Manuals. 
13.
COVENANTS 
A.
Organization. If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or 
other entity, then you covenant that:  
i.
You are organized and validly exist under the laws of the state where you 
were formed;
ii.
You are qualified and authorized to do business in the jurisdiction where the 
Studio is located; 
iii.
Your articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement, member 
control agreement or other organizational documents (“Authorizing Documents”) at all 
times will provide that your business activities will be limited exclusively to the ownership 
and operation of the Studio, unless you otherwise obtain our written consent;
iv.
You have the power under the Authorizing Documents to sign this 
Agreement and comply with the provisions of this Agreement; 
v.
You must provide us copies of all Authorizing Documents and any other 
documents, agreements or resolutions we request in writing; 
vi.
The names of the Principal Owners are accurately stated on the Guaranty 
attached hereto as Exhibit D; and
vii.
At all times, you will maintain a current schedule of the Principal Owners 
and their ownership interests (including the Principal Owners’ names, address and 
telephone numbers) and will immediately provide us with an updated ownership schedule 
if there is any change in ownership. 
B.
Covenant Not to Compete During Term. You (and if you are an entity, each 
Principal Owner) and the Studio Manager will not, during the term of this Agreement, directly or 
indirectly or as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, or shareholder of any 
other person, firm, entity, partnership or corporation: (i) divert or attempt to divert any business or 
customers of the Studio to any competitor or perform any act that would damage the goodwill 
