65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
15 
We (directly or through an affiliate) may in the future, receive rebates or other payments 
from suppliers, based directly or indirectly on sales of products, advertising materials and other 
items to franchisees, and from other service providers, which payments may range from less than 
1% up to 10% or more of the manufacturer’s costs of those items purchased by franchisees. 
Currently, we (directly or through an affiliate), receive rebates or other payments within that range 
from certain approved suppliers from whom you must purchase certain fitness equipment, flooring, 
functional accessories, branded items, and certain computer hardware and software before you 
open your Studio.   
Location of your Studio; Real Estate Lease 
You must locate a site for your Studio that we approve, and you may not sign a lease for 
the site until we have given our consent in writing and you have signed the Lease Addendum 
attached to the Franchise Agreement.  You must use the site location specialist we designate to 
assist you in finding potential sites for your Studio (currently Sabor Life).  We approve locations 
on a case-by-case basis, considering items such as size, appearance, other physical characteristics 
of the site, demographic characteristics, traffic patterns, competition from other businesses in the 
area, and other commercial characteristics, such as rental obligations and other lease terms 
(including those that we require be in the lease).  You are not required to purchase, lease, or 
sublease the Studio premises from us or our affiliate. 
Fixtures, Equipment, Furniture & Signs 
You must construct and develop your Studio.  We will furnish to you prototypical drawings 
and specifications for your Studio, including standards for build-out, layout, equipment, décor, 
utility requirements, and signage requirements.  You must meet our specifications and standards 
in developing your Studio.   
You must submit construction plans and specifications to us for our approval before you 
begin construction of your Studio, and you must submit all revised plans and specifications to us 
during the course of construction.  We require that you work with a construction management 
services vendor that we designate or approve, which currently is Cresa or Build’M.  In addition, 
you must use our designated architect to complete any modification to our basic plans and 
specifications.  You are solely responsible for ensuring that the plans and specifications comply 
with the Americans With Disabilities Act and all other applicable federal, state and local laws, 
ordinances, building code and permit requirements and lease requirements and restrictions.  You 
must engage a qualified project manager we designate to supervise the construction, build-out, or 
remodeling of the Studio location. 
In developing and operating your Studio, you may purchase only the types of construction 
and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture, décor, and signs that we require and have 
approved as meeting our specifications and standards for quality, design, appearance, function and 
performance.  You must purchase certain fitness equipment, functional accessories, certain 
branded items, and certain computer hardware and software from certain approved suppliers before 
you open your Studio.  We estimate that the cost for these items will range from $50,000 to 
$75,000.  You may purchase some of these items from any supplier who can satisfy our standards 
