65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
19 
I.
Standards of Service. You must at all times give prompt, courteous, and efficient 
service to your customers. You must, in all dealings with your customers and suppliers and the 
public, adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and fair dealing. 
J.
Specifications, Standards, and Procedures. You acknowledge that each detail of the 
appearance and operation of the Studio is important to us and other SWEAT440® businesses. You 
agree to maintain the highest standards of quality and service in the Studio, to use the Flex-Time 
Process in the operation of your Studio, and to comply with all mandatory specifications, 
standards, and operating procedures (whether contained in this Agreement, the Operations Manual, 
or any other written or oral communication to you) relating to the appearance or operation of a 
SWEAT440® business, including:  
i.
type and quality of Services and Products; 
ii.
communicating with us, our affiliates, Authorized Suppliers, customers, 
potential customers, and other third parties using the proper channels of communications; 
iii.
methods and procedures relating to marketing, customer service, and order 
processing;
iv.
the safety, maintenance, cleanliness, function, and appearance of the 
Authorized Location and its fixtures, equipment, furniture, décor, and signs;
v.
qualifications, dress, general appearance, and demeanor of Studio 
employees;
vi.
the make and/or type of equipment (including Computer Systems) used in 
operating the Studio;
vii.
use and illumination of exterior and interior signs, posters, displays, 
standard formats and similar items; and
viii.
Studio advertising and promotion. 
K.
Compliance with Laws and Good Studio Practices. You must secure and maintain 
in force all required licenses, permits, and certificates relating to the operation of the Studio, 
including those relating to the operation of fitness or membership clubs, and must operate the 
Studio in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations, including any laws 
regulating the sale of memberships to fitness clubs, advertising and marketing, and labor and 
employment laws. You must comply with all laws and regulations relating to privacy and data 
protection and must comply with any privacy policies or data protection and breach response 
policies we periodically may establish. You must notify us in writing within three (3) days of the 
commencement of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, and of the issuance of any order, 
injunction, award of decree, by any court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality that may 
adversely affect the operation or financial condition of you or the Studio. You must notify us 
immediately of any suspected data breach at or in connection with the Studio. You will not conduct 
any business or advertising practice which injures the Studio, the System, the Patents, or the 
goodwill associated with the Marks and other SWEAT440® businesses.  
