SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  FOR THE FOURTEEN-MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
AND FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 1.
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS
Sweat440 Franchise Systems, LLC (the "Company"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Brickhouse Athletics, LLC (the "Licensor"), was formed on November 19, 2018, as a
Florida limited liability company to sell franchises pursuant to a license agreement
dated June 3, 2019, between the Company and the Licensor. Pursuant to the Company's
standard franchise agreement, franchisees will operate businesses known as "Sweat440"
in the United States of America. Franchisees will be engaged in operating membership-
driven fitness studios that combine the motivational mindset of small group training
with the convenience of workout times that best suit each individual.
Effective November 1, 2023, the Company changed its fiscal year end of October 31 to
report on a calendar year end of December 31 and, as a result, the current year financial
statements include the Company's results of operations and cash flows for the fourteen-
month period ended December 31, 2024, and, accordingly, the current period results of
operations are not comparable with those of the prior years.
The Company is a limited liability company and, therefore, the member is not liable for
the debts, obligations or other liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract,
tort or otherwise, unless the member has signed a specific guarantee.
NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Accounting
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ("U.S. GAAP").
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the
financial statements and accompanying disclosures. These estimates may be adjusted
due to changes in future economic, industry or other financial conditions. Estimates are
used in accounting for, among other items, revenue recognition and uncertain income
tax positions. Actual results could ultimately differ from these estimates.
Concentration of Credit Risk
The Company places its cash, which may at times be in excess of Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation insurance limits, with high credit quality financial institutions
and attempts to limit the amount of credit exposure with any one institution. 
Revenue and Cost Recognition
The Company derives its revenues from franchise fees, royalty fees, technology fees,
marketing fees and vendor rebates.
6
