65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
2 
data, correspondence, and other information about any potential, current, or former customer 
whether stored in electronic, physical, or other forms or formats.  
D.
“Days” means calendar days, unless otherwise specified herein.  
E.
“Flex-Time Process” means the proprietary process designed and developed by our 
affiliate, Brickhouse Athletics, LLC, for use in the System.  
F.
“Gross Sales” means the aggregate amount of revenues generated from the sale of 
memberships, Services, Products, merchandise, and other goods or services, whether for cash, on 
credit, or otherwise made or provided at or in connection with the Studio. The term “Gross Sales” 
does not include: (1) any federal, state, municipal or other sales tax, value added tax, or retailer’s 
excise tax paid or accrued by you; (2) any adjustment for refunds, credits, allowances, returns, and 
discounts allowed to customers on sales; (3) any proceeds from insurance with respect to property 
damage or liability; or (4) uncollectable amounts, subject to the limitation that uncollectible 
amounts cannot exceed 0.5% of Gross Sales for any fiscal year of the Studio and subsequent 
collections of charged off amounts must be included in Gross Sales when they are collected. For 
purposes of this Agreement, a sale is made at the earlier of delivery of the product or service, or 
receipt of payment.  
G.
“Marks” means the SWEAT440® trademark, trade name, and service mark and 
other trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, logos, slogans, and commercial 
symbols that we have designated, or may in the future designate, for use in the System. 
H.
 “Operating Principal” means the individual who is the one (1) person appointed by 
you who has the authority to make decisions and sign on your behalf all contracts and commercial 
documents. If you are an entity, the Operating Principal is not required to have an ownership 
interest in you. The Operating Principal must participate in all training programs we require, and 
will be the single point of contact between you and us. Your Operating Principal is identified on 
the Ownership and Management Addendum attached as Exhibit B.  
I.
“Patents” means any patent we or our affiliates have designed, developed, created, 
filed or applied for, claimed or used, or may in the future design and develop, create, file or apply 
for, claim or use, in the System.  
J.
“Principal Owner” means any person or entity who directly or indirectly owns a 
five percent (5%) or greater interest in you. If any corporation or other entity other than a 
partnership is a Principal Owner, a “Principal Owner” also will mean a shareholder or owner of a 
five percent (5%) or greater interest in such corporation or other entity. If a partnership is a 
Principal Owner, a “Principal Owner” also will mean each general partner of such partnership and, 
if such general partner is an entity, each owner of a five percent (5%) or greater interest in such 
general partner. If you are one or more individuals, each individual will be deemed a Principal 
Owner of you. Your Principal Owners are identified on the Ownership and Management 
Addendum attached as Exhibit B. 
K.
“Products” means all retail products, accessories, and other products that we 
periodically approve for sale in the Studio as we determine.  
