65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
9 
C.
Your Assignment or Sale of All of Substantially All of Your Assets.  You understand that 
the rights and obligations we granted to you under this Agreement were made in reliance upon your 
individual or collective character, aptitude, attitude, business ability, and financial capacity.  You (or if you 
are an entity, the Principal Owners) will not transfer (voluntarily or involuntarily), assign, or otherwise 
dispose of, in one or more transactions, any part of this Agreement, your entity or business, all or 
substantially all of the assets of your business, or any material interest in you (“material interest” to include 
a proposed transfer of twenty percent (20%) or more of the common (voting) stock of a corporate you or of 
the ownership interest in a limited liability company or partnership) unless you obtain our prior written 
consent (except as provided in Section 13(B) above).  We will not unreasonably withhold our consent to an 
assignment of this Agreement, provided you are not in default under this Agreement and you comply with 
all of the following conditions: 
i.
You are in complete compliance with the terms of this Agreement and all other 
agreements between the parties;  
ii.
The proposed transferee has been approved by us as meeting our then-current 
standards for multi-unit or single unit franchisees; 
iii.
You pay us a transfer fee of five thousand dollars ($5,000) for each unmet 
development obligation pursuant to the Development Schedule being transferred, 
plus any costs we incur; and 
iv.
You (and each Principal Owner, if applicable) sign a general release, in form and 
substance satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our affiliates, 
officers, directors, employees and agents, except to the extent limited or prohibited 
by applicable law. 
We may expand upon, and provide more details related to, the conditions for transfer, and our 
consent as described in this Section 13(C). Any assignment or transfer without our prior written consent 
constitutes a breach of this Agreement and conveys no rights to or interests in this Agreement to an assignee. 
D.
Public or Private Offerings.  Subject to Section 13(C) above, if you (or if you are an entity, 
the Principal Owners) desire to raise or secure funds by the sale of securities (including common or 
preferred stock, bonds, debentures, or general or limited partnership interests) in you or any affiliate of you, 
you agree to submit any written information to us before your inclusion in any registration statement, 
prospectus, or similar offering circular or memorandum. You must obtain our written consent to the method 
of financing before any offering or sale of securities and must pay us a securities offering fee of ten thousand 
dollars ($10,000). Further, you must reimburse us for any administrative costs associated with providing 
you your requested information for any public or private offering. Our written consent will not imply or 
represent our approval respecting the method of financing, the offering literature submitted to us or any 
other aspect of the offering. No information respecting us or any of our affiliates will be included in any 
securities disclosure document, unless we furnish the information in writing in response to your written 
request, which request will state the specific purpose for which the information is to be used. Should we, 
in our discretion, object to any reference to us or any of our affiliates in the offering literature or prospectus, 
the literature or prospectus will not be used unless and until our objections are withdrawn. We assume no 
responsibility for the offering. The prospectus or other literature used in any offering must contain the 
following language in boldface type on the first textual page: 
“NEITHER SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES: (A) IS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THE ISSUER OF THE 
SECURITIES OFFERED, (B) ASSUMES ANY RESPONSIBILITY RESPECTING 
