65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
35 
Provision
Section in the Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement
Summary
h.  “Cause” defined – non-
curable defaults 
Sections 14(B) 
Immediate threat or danger to public health or safety; failure on 3 or more 
occasions in the consecutive 12 months to comply with any provision of the 
Agreement; unauthorized transfer; material misrepresentation or omission 
in your application for development rights; convicted or, plead guilty or not 
contest to a felony, crime of moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense 
that we believe will injure the Marks, System, or goodwill; unauthorized 
use or disclosure of Confidential Information; you become insolvent or 
otherwise cannot pay your obligations;  misuse of unauthorized us of the 
Marks; develop or use unauthorized websites or social media; we terminate 
the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement between you and us. 
i.  Your obligations  on 
termination/nonrenewal 
Section 13(C) 
Cease using Confidential Information and trade secrets, sell back to us or 
return all Products, and agree not to divert Studio customers to any 
competing business for 2 years (also see o, r below).
j.  Assignment of contract by 
us
Section 13(A) 
Assignee must fulfill our obligations under the agreement. 
k.  “Transfer” by you-defined 
Section 13(B) and 13(C) 
Includes transfer to an entity if the ownership and management of Studio if 
substantially unchanged, and transfer of the Studio or its assets, or your 
interest in the franchise agreement or any material (“material interest”) 
ownership change.
l.  Our approval of  transfer by 
franchisee
Sections 13(B), (C) and 
(D)
We have the right to approve all transfers of the Franchise Agreement, but 
will not unreasonably withhold approval.
m.  Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Section 13(C) 
You are in complete compliance with the Development Agreement, the 
transferee meets our then-current standards for multi-unit and single unit 
owners, transferee completes any required training program, transfer fee 
paid, and you and each guarantor signs a general release.
n.  Our right of first refusal to 
acquire your business
Section 13(F) 
We can match any offer for your business. 
o.  Our option to purchase your 
business
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
p.  Your death or disability 
Section 13(D) 
Franchise must be assigned by estate to an approved buyer within 
reasonable time not exceeding 6 months.
q.  Non-competition covenants 
during the term of the franchise
Section 12(B) 
No involvement with anyone or any business that offers or conducts fitness 
classes or instruction or that offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or 
retail, exercise apparel and accessories, products, or any other related 
business that is competitive with or similar to the Studio.
r.  Non-competition covenants 
after the franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Sections 12(C)  
No business that offers or conducts fitness classes or instruction or that 
offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or retail, exercise apparel and 
accessories, products, or any other related business that is competitive with 
or similar to the Studio within 15 miles of the Studio or within 15 mile 
radius of the former site of the Studio.
s.  Modification of the 
agreement
Sections 15(C) 
Generally, no modifications except in writing signed by both parties.   
t.  Integration/merger clause 
Section 15(L) 
Only the terms of the development agreement and other related written 
agreements are binding (subject to applicable state law).  Any 
representations or promises outside of the disclosure document and 
development agreement may not be enforceable.  
u.  Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation
Not applicable. 
Not applicable. 
