65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
34 
Provision
Section in the Franchise 
Agreement
Summary
p.  Your death or 
disability
Section 14(D) 
Franchise must be assigned by estate to an approved buyer within reasonable time 
not exceeding 6 months.
q.  Non-competition 
covenants during the 
term of the franchise 
Section 13(B) 
No involvement with anyone or any business that offers or conducts fitness 
classes or instruction or that offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or retail, 
exercise apparel and accessories, products, or any other related business that is 
competitive with or similar to the Studio.
r.  Non-competition 
covenants after the 
franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Sections 13(C) and 17(A) 
No business that offers or conducts fitness classes or instruction or that offers, 
distributes or sells, at wholesale or retail, exercise apparel and accessories, 
products, or any other related business that is competitive with or similar to the 
Studio within 15 miles of the Studio or within 15 mile radius of the former site of 
the Studio.
s.  Modification of the 
agreement 
Sections 2(B), 7(G) and 
18(F) 
Generally, no modifications except in writing signed by both parties.  However, 
we may modify Operations Manual, Marks, System, and goods/services to be 
offered to your Studio.
t.  Integration/merger 
clause 
Section 18(P) 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and other related written agreements 
are binding (subject to applicable state law).  No other representations or promises 
will be binding.  Nothing in the Franchise Agreement or in any other related 
written agreement is intended to disclaim representations made in the franchise 
disclosure document.  .
u.  Dispute resolution 
by arbitration or 
mediation
Not applicable. 
Not applicable. 
v.  Choice of forum 
Section 18(D) 
Except for actions we bring for monies owed, injunctive or extraordinary relief, or 
actions involving real estate, all disputes will be subject to litigation in the state 
where our corporate headquarters is located at the time the litigation is filed, 
currently Florida (subject to applicable state law). 
w.  Choice of law 
Section 18(E) 
The law of Florida will apply, without regard to any conflict of laws principals of 
Florida (subject to applicable state law). 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement.  You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure 
document. 
Provision
Section in the Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement
Summary
a.  Length of the franchise term
Section 3(A) 
Term expires on the last day of the last Development Period as stated in the 
Development Schedule
b.  Renewal or extension of the 
term
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
c.  Requirements for you to 
renew or extend
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
d.  Termination by you
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
e.  Termination by us without 
cause
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
f.  Termination by us with 
cause
Sections 14 
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement only if you default. 
g.  “Cause” defined – curable 
defaults 
Sections 14(A)  
Failure to pay any fees to us, our affiliates, other SWEAT440 franchisees or 
approved suppliers with 10 days from receiving notice of termination. 
Failure to cure any breach within 30 days from receiving notice of 
termination for any breach of the Multi-Unit Developer Agreement. 
