65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
8 
C.
Post-Term Covenant Not to Compete.  You (and if you are an entity, each Principal Owner) 
and the Regional Manager will not, for a period of two (2) years after this Agreement expires or is 
terminated directly or as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, or shareholder of any 
other person, firm, partnership, corporation, or entity: (1) divert or attempt to divert any business or 
customers of any Studio to any competitor, or perform any act that would damage the goodwill associated 
with the Marks or the System; or (2) own, operate, lease, franchise, conduct, engage in, be connected with, 
having any interest in, or assist any person or entity engaged in any business that offers or conducts fitness 
classes or instruction or that offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or retail, exercise apparel and 
accessories, products, or any other related business that is competitive with or similar to a SWEAT440® 
business or any wholesale or retail business we then may operate that is located at the Studio or within a 
fifteen (15) mile radius of other then-existing SWEAT440® business; provided, however, that this 
Section 12(C) will not apply to: (i) other SWEAT440® businesses that you operate under separate 
SWEAT440® franchise agreements; or (ii) the ownership of securities listed on a stock exchange or traded 
on the over-the-counter market that represent one percent (1%) or less of that class of securities. For 
purposes of this Section, any form of e-commerce business or website that offers fitness classes or 
instruction, exercise products, apparel, and accessories, or any other related product, membership, service 
or other goods offered at a SWEAT440® business will be in violation of this provision if such e-commerce 
business or website offers, sells or otherwise makes its products or services available to individuals residing 
within or businesses located within a fifteen (15) mile radius of any then-existing SWEAT440® business. 
You agree that the length of time in this Section 12(C) will be tolled for any period during which you are 
in breach of the covenants or any other period during which we seek to enforce this Agreement.  
D.
Injunctive Relief.  You agree that damages alone cannot adequately compensate us if there 
is a violation of any covenant in this Section and that injunctive relief is essential for our protection. You 
therefore agree that we may seek injunctive relief without posting any bond or security, in addition to the 
remedies that may be available to us at equity or law, if you or anyone acting on your behalf violates any 
covenant in this Section. The covenants stated in this Section will survive the termination or expiration of 
this Agreement. 
13.  
ASSIGNMENT 
A.
By Us.  This Agreement is fully assignable by us and benefits any assignee or other legal 
successor to the interests of us without prior notice to your and without your consent.  Any such assignment 
will require the assignee to fulfill our obligations under this Agreement.  We reserve the right to outsource 
or assign any of our obligations under this Agreement to an affiliate or third party without your consent. 
B.
Your Assignment to Corporation or Limited Liability Company.  You (as an individual) 
may assign this Agreement to a corporation or a limited liability company that conducts no business other 
than the development of Studios (or other SWEAT440® businesses under franchise agreements with us), 
provided: (i) the ownership under this Agreement and management is substantially unchanged; (ii) the 
Regional Manager actively manages the Studios; (iii) you and all Principal Owners of the assignee entity 
sign the Personal Guaranty attached hereto as Exhibit C; (iv) you provide us thirty (30) days’ written notice 
before the proposed date of assignment of this Agreement to the entity; (v) you allow us to conduct due 
diligence on the new entity to ensure it meets our then-current requirements for multi-unit or single unit 
franchisees; (vi) you provide to us a certified copy of the articles of incorporation, operation agreement, 
organizational documents, and a list of all shareholders or members having beneficial ownership, reflecting 
their respective interest in the assignee entity; and (vii) the organizational documents and all issued and 
outstanding stock or membership certificates will bear a legend, in form acceptable to us, reflecting or 
referring to the assignment restrictions stated in Section 13(C) below. 
