65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
E-1 
EXHIBIT E 
TO SWEAT440® FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
DISCLOSURE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AGREEMENT 
Applicant  
(If corporation) State of Incorporation  
Address of Applicant  
Authorized Location Applied For  
1.
I have received all appropriate disclosure documents for the State(s) of 
_______________ at least fourteen (14) calendar days, exclusive of the day I received them and 
the day I signed them, before signing the Franchise Agreement and/or payment of any monies.  
2.
I have signed and returned to Sweat440 Franchise Systems, LLC (you or your) the 
acknowledgment of receipt for each disclosure document given me. 
3.
I have had an opportunity to read the Franchise Agreement thoroughly and 
understand all of your covenants and obligations and my obligations as a franchisee of the 
SWEAT440® system. I understand that the Franchise Agreement contains all obligations of the 
parties and that you do not grant to me under the Franchise Agreement any right of first refusal. 
4.
I understand that this franchised business, as in all business ventures, involves risk 
and, despite assistance and support programs, the success of my business will depend largely upon 
me and my ability. 
5.
I received a copy of the revised Franchise Agreement or related agreement at least 
seven (7) calendar days before the date on which the Franchise Agreement or related agreement 
was signed. 
6.
I understand that you have or may establish a national marketing and promotional 
program which is not directed towards any specific franchise territory but is intended to benefit 
the entire SWEAT440® system nationwide. I further understand that amounts from the national 
marketing and development fund (if established) will be used to offset any in-house expenses you 
incur in providing marketing services, media planning, and network marketing support. 
7.
I have had no promises, guarantees, or assurances made to me, and no information 
provided to me regarding or relative to earnings, revenues, profits, expenses, or projected revenues 
for this franchise, except as disclosed in the franchise disclosure document. If I believe that I have 
received any such promises, guarantees, assurances, or information, I agree to describe it below 
(otherwise write “None”). 
Applicants’ Acknowledgment: 
Name:   
Date:   
Name:   
Date:   
