65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
24 
related to such action, including, but not limited to, the following costs: (i) attorneys’ fees, (ii) 
costs incurred in creating or replicating reports demonstrating Gross Sales of the Studio, (iii) court 
costs, including expert witnesses and discovery expenses, and (iv) any interest in accordance with 
Section 4(D) above.  
12.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, IMPROVEMENTS 
A.
Confidential Information. You acknowledge and agree that you do not acquire any 
interest in the Confidential Information, other than the right to use it in developing and operating 
the Studio pursuant to this Agreement, and that the use or duplication of the Confidential 
Information in any other business constitutes an unfair method of competition. You acknowledge 
and agree that the Confidential Information is proprietary and is disclosed to you solely on the 
condition that you agree that you: (i) will not use the Confidential Information in any other business 
or capacity; (ii) will maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information during 
and after the term of this Agreement; (iii) will not make copies of any Confidential Information 
disclosed in written form, unless we give you express written permission; (iv) will adopt and 
implement all reasonable procedures we direct to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Confidential Information, including restrictions on disclosure to Studio employees; and (v) will 
sign a Confidentiality Agreement and will require the Studio Manager and other managers, 
employees and agents with access to the Confidential Information to sign such an agreement in a 
form we approve. 
The restrictions on your disclosure and use of the Confidential Information will not apply 
to disclosure in judicial or administrative proceedings to the extent you are legally compelled to 
disclose this information, if you use your best efforts to maintain the confidential treatment of the 
Confidential Information, and provide us the opportunity to obtain an appropriate protective order 
or other assurance satisfactory to us of confidential treatment for the information required to be so 
disclosed.  
B.
Improvements. You must fully and promptly disclose to us all ideas, concepts, 
products, work out plans or routines, process methods, techniques, improvements, additions, and 
Customer Data relating to the development and/or operation of a SWEAT440® business or the 
System, any new or provisional Patent, and any new trade names, service marks, or other 
commercial symbols or associated logos relating to the operation of the Studio, or any advertising 
or promotion ideas related to the Studio (collectively, the “Improvements”) that you and your 
Principal Owners, Studio Manager, employees and agents conceive or develop during the term of 
this Agreement. You and your Principal Owners, Studio Manager, agents and employees 
acknowledge and agree that any Improvement is our property, and you and your Principal Owners, 
Studio Manager, agents and employees must sign all documents necessary to evidence the 
assignment of the Improvement to us without any additional compensation. You acknowledge and 
agree that we may use the Improvement and disclose and/or license the Improvement for use by 
others. You must not introduce any Improvement or any additions or modifications of or to the 
System into the Studio without our prior written consent. 
C.
Trade Secrets. You understand and agree that you will come into possession of 
certain of our trade secrets concerning the manner in which it conducts business, excluding any 
Patents but including, but not necessarily limited to, the following: (i) methods of doing business; 
