65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
16 
F.
Litigation. You will have no obligation to and will not, without our prior written 
consent, defend or enforce any of the Marks or Patents in any court or other proceedings for or 
against imitation, infringement, any claim of prior use, or for any other allegation. You will, 
however, immediately notify us of any claims or complaints made against you respecting the 
Marks or Patents and will, at your expense, cooperate in all respects with us and our affiliates in 
any court or other proceedings involving the Marks or Patents. We and/or our affiliate will pay the 
cost and expense of all litigation we and you, and our affiliate incur, including without limitation 
attorneys’ fees, specifically relating to the Marks and Patents we license to you, unless the litigation 
results from your misuse of the Marks or Patents in violation of this Agreement or the Operations 
Manual. We and our affiliate, and our respective legal counsel, will have the right to control any 
litigation related to the Marks and Patents we license to you, and we and our affiliate have the right 
to decide to pursue or settle any infringement actions related to the Marks and Patents we license 
to you. 
G.
Changes. You cannot make any changes or substitutions to the Marks or Patents 
unless we so direct in writing. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, replace, or 
discontinue use of any Mark or Patent, or to use one or more additional or substitute trademarks, 
service marks, or other intellectual property. In such event, you will, at your expense, comply with 
such modification or substitution within a reasonable time after notice by us. 
9.
BUSINESS IMAGE AND OPERATING STANDARDS 
A.
Condition and Appearance of the Authorized Location. You agree to maintain the 
condition and appearance of the Studio (including any adjacent parking areas and grounds), and 
refurbish and modify its layout, décor, and general theme, as we may require to maintain the 
condition, appearance, efficient operation, ambience, and overall image of SWEAT440® 
businesses, as we may modify. You will replace worn out or obsolete fixtures, equipment, furniture, 
or signs; repair the interior and exterior of the Studio, adjacent parking areas and grounds; and 
periodically clean and redecorate the Studio. If at any time in our reasonable judgment the general 
state of repair, appearance, or cleanliness of the Authorized Location (including any parking areas 
and grounds) or its fixtures, equipment, furniture, décor, or signs do not meet our then-current 
required standards, we will so notify you, specifying the action you must take to correct the 
deficiency. If you fail, within ten (10) days after receipt of notice, to commence action and continue 
in good faith and with due diligence, to undertake and complete any required maintenance or 
refurbishing, we may (in addition to our rights under Section 15 below) enter the Authorized 
Location and correct the deficiencies on your behalf, and at your expense. 
B.
Remodeling the Authorized Location. You will, at your expense, make such 
reasonable capital expenditures necessary to remodel, modernize, and redecorate the Authorized 
Location, and to replace and modernize the supplies, fixtures, décor, signs, and equipment used in 
your franchised business so that your business reflects the then-current physical appearance of new 
SWEAT440® businesses. We may require you to take such action: (i) not more than twice during 
the Initial Term of this Agreement; (ii) as a condition to the transfer of any interest as further 
described in Section 14(C); (iii) as a condition of renewal; and (iv) otherwise during the term of 
the Agreement as further described in the Operations Manual. If any modification or remodeling 
requirement will exceed the cost of thirty-five thousand dollars ($35,000), you must satisfy all 
remodel requirements within one hundred eighty (180) days from the date we issue the remodel 
