65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
25 
Subject 
Hours of Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-the-
Job Training 
Location 
Training Staff: Standards of Behavior, Uniforms, Culture 
and Vibe, Basic Physiology, Cuing, Front Desk Review
2 
0 
Virtually or 
Miami, Florida
Customer Experience: Standard Greeting, Culture and 
Vibe, Presenting the Method to First Timers, Smiles and 
Positivity Over Challenges And Judgements, High-Fives, 
Salutations And Thank You, Refund Policies, Hold Policies
5 
0 
Virtually or 
Miami, Florida 
Conducting the Class: Equipment Overview, Cleaning, 
Maintaining, and Fixing Equipment and Flooring, Music 
Selection and Volume
1 
2 
Virtually or 
Miami, Florida 
Experiential Training with guidance
0
10
Miami, Florida
Experiential Training without guidance
0
6
Miami, Florida
Closing and Debrief 
4 
0 
Virtually or 
Miami, Florida
Total 
30 
16 
The instructional materials for all training programs include the Operations Manuals, 
handouts and visual aids, and will include lecture, classroom discussion, hands-on demonstrations 
and/or practice training at a SWEAT440® Studio. 
Cody Patrick and Christina WooChing will oversee all training programs. Cody Patrick is 
our founder and CEO, and has over two decades of experience in fitness training.  Christina 
WooChing has been with us since March 2020, and has her bachelor’s degree in Athletic Training 
from Luther College and a Master's Degree in Exercise Physiology from Barry University. Prior 
to SWEAT440 she was the Assistant Director of Fitness and Wellness at the University of Miami 
and has managed multiple other fitness clubs in Miami.  
We charge a $5,000 fee for the initial training program for your first Operating Principal 
and Studio Manager.  We do not charge a fee for the initial training program for your Studio 
Managers if it is your second or subsequent Studio.  If we must provide the initial training for an 
additional Studio Manager at the same Studio for any reason, you will pay a fee of $500 per day 
for that training. You are responsible for travel and living expenses that you, Operating Principal, 
and Studio Manager incur while attending any one of these training programs.  See Item 7 for 
additional information on travel and living expenses.   
We will provide you with the services of at least one of our employees or agents for three 
to five days to assist you in the opening and initial operations of the Studio.  You are responsible 
for the travel, lodging, and other reasonable costs incurred in providing this opening assistance.  
We may determine the time at which our employee is available to you. 
In addition, all fitness instructors must meet our then-current qualifications.  We may 
require that you (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal), and Studio Manager attend 
supplemental and refresher training programs during the term of the Franchise Agreement for up 
to 5 days each calendar year.  We may determine the time and place of this additional training and 
may charge you a reasonable fee for the training. 
