65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
14 
i.
additional Services and Products authorized for sale at SWEAT440® 
businesses; 
ii.
selecting, purchasing, and marketing additional merchandise, products, 
services, memberships, or other goods or services authorized for sale at SWEAT440® 
businesses;
iii.
advertising and promotional assistance and sales promotion programs; and 
iv.
establishing and operating administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, 
inventory control, sales, and general operating procedures for the proper operation of a 
SWEAT440® business.  
G.
Operations Manual. We will provide on loan to you, during the term of this 
Agreement, a hard copy or electronic (Internet) access to the operations manual, which may 
include other handbooks, manuals, forms, training materials, and written materials (collectively, 
the “Operations Manual”) for SWEAT440® businesses. The Operations Manual will contain 
mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, and operating procedures that we or our 
affiliates develop for SWEAT440® businesses and information relating to your other obligations. 
Any required specifications, standards, and operating procedures exist to protect our and our 
affiliates’ interests in the System, Marks, and Patents, and to create a uniform customer experience, 
and not for the purpose of establishing any control or duty to take control over those matters that 
are reserved to you. We may add to, subtract from, and otherwise modify the Operations Manual 
to reflect changes in approved Services, Products and Authorized Suppliers, and specifications, 
standards and operating procedures of a SWEAT440® business. The master copy of the Operations 
Manual that we maintain at our principal office or in our database , and make available to you by 
electronic access, will control if there is a dispute involving the contents of the Operations Manual.  
H.
Convention. We may, in our discretion, hold a convention not more than once per 
calendar year at a time, date, and location to be selected by us (the “Convention”). We will 
determine the topics and agenda for the Convention to serve the purpose, among other things, of 
updating you and other franchisees on developments affecting franchisees, exchanging 
information between franchisees and our personnel regarding operations and programs, and 
recognizing franchisees for their achievements. We may require you to attend the Convention and 
pay our then-current registration fee. We reserve the right to charge you a fee to cover the 
convention expenses in the event you choose not to attend. All expenses, including your and your 
employees’ transportation to and from the Convention, as well as lodging, meals, and salaries 
during the Convention are your sole responsibility. We may use Brand Fund Fees for purposes 
related to the Convention, including costs related to productions, programs, and materials. 
8.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
A.
Ownership and Goodwill of the Marks and Patents. You acknowledge that you have 
no interest in or to the Marks or Patents, and that your right to use the Marks and Patents is derived 
solely from this Agreement and is limited to the conduct of business in compliance with this 
Agreement and all applicable specifications, standards, and operating procedures that we suggest 
and require during the term of the Agreement. You agree that the use of the Marks, Patents, and 
