65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
F-6 
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
To the extent the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, Ill. Comp. Stat. §§705/1 – 705/44 
applies, the terms of this Addendum apply. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the 
following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a 
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of 
Illinois is void.  However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside 
of Illinois.   
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to 
waive compliance with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of 
Illinois is void. 
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set 
forth in section 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
2. 
Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning 
given them in the Franchise Agreement. 
3. 
Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Franchise Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect. 
This Addendum is being entered into in connection with the Franchise Agreement.  In the 
event of any conflict between this Addendum and the Franchise Agreement, the terms and 
conditions of this Addendum shall apply. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date 
Franchisor signs below. 
