65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
13 
7.
TRAINING AND OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
A.
Pre-Training Requirements. Before attending any in-person training, such as the 
initial training program, we may require you (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal) and 
the Studio Manager to complete pre-training courses in accordance with the Operations Manual. 
You are solely responsible for any costs incurred to complete the pre-training courses.  
B.
Initial Training. Before the Studio opens, if this is the first Studio that you or your 
affiliates are developing, we will provide to you (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal) 
and the Studio Manager an initial training program on the operation of a Studio and you will pay 
us a five thousand dollar ($5,000) training fee.  If this is the second or subsequent Studio that you 
or your affiliates are developing, we will not provide additional training to you (of if you are an 
entity, the Operating Principal) but we will provide the Studio Manger with an initial training 
program for no additional fee.  The initial training program will be provided at our headquarters 
in Miami, Florida, another location of our choosing or virtually, at a date and time as we reasonably 
designate. You (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal) and the Studio Manager must attend 
and successfully complete the entire initial training program. The training program includes up to 
three (3) to five (5) days of classroom and on-the job instruction relating to Studio operations, 
implementation and use of the Flex-Time Process, workout class instruction, understanding 
equipment use and maintenance, customer service, advertising and promotional programs, 
accountability for advertising and promotional activities, methods of controlling operating costs, 
and train-the-trainer instruction. If, during the initial training program, we determine that the 
Studio Manager is not qualified to manage the Studio, we will notify you and you must select and 
enroll a substitute Studio Manager in the initial training program.   
C.
Ongoing Training. After the Studio opens, we will provide training (at times we 
determine) to any new Studio Manager at your expense. We may require that you (or if you are an 
entity, the Operating Principal) and the Studio Manager attend all supplemental training that we 
designate for up to five (5) days each calendar year. We will charge you our then-current additional 
training fee for such supplemental and refresher training programs.  
D.
Costs and Expenses. You are solely responsible for the travel, lodging and 
compensation expenses you and your employees incur in attending the initial training program, 
the certification program, and any supplemental or refresher training programs. 
E.
Opening Assistance. We will provide you with the services of at least one (1) of our 
employees or agents for three (3) to five (5) days to assist you in the opening and initial operations 
of the Studio, and you are responsible for the travel, lodging, and other reasonable costs incurred. 
We may determine the time at which our employee is available to you.  
F.
Operating Assistance. We will advise you on operational issues and provide 
assistance in operating the Studio as we deem appropriate. We will provide such guidance, in our 
discretion, through our Operations Manual, bulletins, or other written materials, telephone 
conversations, and/or in-person meetings at our office or at the Studio in conjunction with an 
inspection. We will provide additional assistance or more in-depth assistance for a reasonable fee 
as we determine. Operating assistance may include general advice regarding the following: 
