65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
20 
L.
Management of the Studio and Conflicting Interests. You must at all times 
faithfully, honestly and diligently perform your obligations and continuously use your best efforts 
to promote and enhance the business of the Studio. You must have an Operating Principal at all 
times during the term of this Agreement. In addition, you must designate at least one Studio 
Manager at all times after the Studio opens. Your Operating Principal and Studio Manager may be 
the same individual, although, your Operating Principal may not serve as the Studio Manager of 
more than one SWEAT440® business. The Operating Principal must ensure that the Studio is 
operated in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, although this in no way 
relieves you of your responsibility to do so. The Operating Principal also must be readily and 
continuously available to us. Your Operating Principal, Studio Manager and any managers who 
will manage the Studio when the Operating Principal or Studio Manager is not present must attend 
and successfully complete all required training.  
If at any time the Operating Principal or Studio Manager is not overseeing the Studio, we 
may immediately appoint a manager to maintain Studio operations on your behalf. If we appoint 
a Studio Manager to maintain the Studio operations on your behalf, you must pay us the greater of 
(i) two thousand dollars ($2,000) per week, or (ii) twenty percent (20%) of Gross Sales for the 
weeks the appointed Studio Manager maintains the Studio operations on your behalf, plus our 
actual out-of-pocket costs for travel, meals and lodging. Our appointment of a manager of the 
Studio does not relieve you of your obligations or constitute a waiver of our right to terminate this 
Agreement under Section 15 below. We are not liable for any debts, losses, costs, or expenses you 
incur in operating the Studio, or to any creditor of yours for any merchandise, materials, supplies 
or services purchased by the Studio while it is managed by our appointed manager. We may cease 
to provide management services at any time. 
M.
Insurance. You agree to purchase and maintain in force, at your expense, insurance 
at a minimum in the types of coverage and amounts we specify in the Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing. All insurance policies will: (i) be issued by an insurance carrier(s) acceptable 
to us and that have an A.M. Best rating of A or higher; (ii) will name us and our affiliates, and their 
respective officers, directors, and employees, as an additional insured; (iii) contain a waiver of the 
insurance company's right of subrogation against us; (iv) contain the required minimum insurance 
coverage for each SWEAT440® business that you operate; (v) provide that we will receive thirty 
(30) days' prior written notice of a material change in or termination, expiration, cancellation, or 
non-renewal of any policy (or such shorter period as the insurance carrier may require and 
approved by us), and (vi) provide that we may select the attorney that will represent us in the event 
of a claim. Additional insured coverage shall not be limited to vicarious liability and shall extend 
to (and there shall be no endorsement limiting coverage for) the negligent acts, errors, or omissions 
of us and other additional insureds. We periodically may, with prior written notice to you, increase 
the minimum liability protection requirements, and require different or additional kinds of 
insurance to reflect inflation or changes in standards of liability. If at any time you fail to maintain 
in effect any insurance coverage we require, or to furnish satisfactory evidence thereof, we, at our 
option, may obtain insurance coverage for you. You agree to promptly sign any applications or 
other forms or instruments required to obtain any insurance and pay to us, upon reasonable request, 
any costs and premiums we incur.  
At least two (2) weeks before you take possession and commence development of the 
Authorized Location and at such other times as we may require, for each insurance policy, you 
