SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  FOR THE FOURTEEN-MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
AND FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2.   
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue and Cost Recognition (Continued)
Franchise Fees, Royalties, Brand Fund Fees and Technology Fees
Contract consideration from franchisees primarily consists of franchise fees, sales-based
royalties, brand fund fees and technology fees. Franchise fees consist of initial franchise
fees and up-front multi-unit development fees ("MUDs"). MUDs grant a franchisee the
right to develop two or more franchise territories. The Company collects an up-front
fee for the grant of such rights. The initial franchise fees and up-front MUDs are
nonrefundable and collected when the underlying franchise agreement is signed by the
franchisee. Sales-based royalties are payable weekly and, technology fees and brand fund
fees are payable monthly. During 2023, brand fund fees were amended to a fixed fee of
$420 per month. Renewal and transfer fees are payable when an existing franchisee
renews the franchise agreement for an additional term or when a transfer to a third
party occurs, respectively.
The Company's primary performance obligations under the franchise agreement mainly
include granting certain rights to access the Company's intellectual property and a
variety of activities relating to opening a franchise unit. The Company has determined
that right to access its intellectual property and any preopening activities are highly
interrelated and interdependent and, therefore, are accounted for as a single
performance obligation, which is satisfied by granting certain rights to access the
Company's intellectual property over the term of each franchise agreement.
Initial and renewal franchise fees allocated to the right to access the Company's
intellectual property are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of
the respective franchise agreement. MUDs generally consist of an obligation to grant
the right to open two or more territories. These development rights are not distinct
from franchise agreements; therefore, up-front fees paid by franchisees for development
rights are deferred and apportioned to each franchise agreement signed by the
franchisee. The pro-rata amount apportioned to each franchise agreement is recognized
as revenue in the same manner as initial and renewal franchise fees.
Royalties are earned based on a percentage of franchisee's gross revenues. Franchise
royalties represent sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the use of the
Company's intellectual property and are recognized as franchisee sales occur and the
royalties are deemed collectible. Starting in 2022, sales-based technology fees were
amended to fixed fees per month.
7
