65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
17 
requirements. If any modification or remodeling requirement will be thirty-five thousand dollars 
($35,000) or less, you will use your best efforts to complete the remodel requirements as quickly 
as possible, but you must satisfy all remodel requirements within sixty (60) days from the date we 
issue the remodel requirements. You acknowledge and agree that the requirements of this Section 
9(B) are both reasonable and necessary to insure continued public acceptance and patronage of 
SWEAT440® businesses and to avoid deterioration or obsolescence in connection with the 
operation of the Studio. If the Authorized Location is damaged or destroyed by fire or any other 
casualty, you will, within thirty (30) days, initiate repairs or reconstruction, and thereafter in good 
faith and with due diligence continue (until completion) repairs or reconstruction, to restore the 
Authorized Location to its original condition before the casualty. If, in our reasonable judgment, 
the damage or destruction is of a nature or to an extent that you can repair or reconstruct the 
Authorized Location consistent with the then-current décor and specifications of a new 
SWEAT440® business without incurring substantial additional costs, we may require, by giving 
written notice, that you repair or reconstruct the Authorized Location in compliance with the then-
current décor and specifications.  
C.
Studio Alterations. You cannot alter the Authorized Location or appearance of the 
Authorized Location or make any unapproved replacements of or alterations to the fixtures, 
equipment, furniture, décor, or signs of the Authorized Location without our prior written approval. 
We may, in our discretion and at your sole expense, enter the Authorized Location and correct any 
alterations to the Authorized Location that we have not previously approved. 
D.
Restriction on Use of the Authorized Location. You agree that you will not, without 
our prior written approval, offer at the Authorized Location any products or services we have not 
then authorized for use or sale for SWEAT440® businesses, nor will the Studio or the Authorized 
Location be used for any purpose other than the operation of a SWEAT440® business in 
compliance with this Agreement. 
E.
Your Hiring and Training of Employees. You will hire all employees of the Studio, 
and be exclusively responsible for the terms of their employment, compensation, scheduling, 
benefits, discipline, and all other personnel decisions respecting Studio employees without any 
influence or advice from us. You must implement a training and certification program for Studio 
employees in compliance with our requirements, and only employees who have earned certain 
certifications may perform certain services, as described in the Operations Manuals. You will 
maintain at all times a staff of trained and certified employees sufficient to operate the Studio in 
compliance with our standards. At all times, the Studio must be under the direct, on-site 
supervision of the Studio Manager. Any instructor teaching a fitness class at the Authorized 
Location must meet our then-current certification requirements described in the Operations 
Manual or otherwise in writing, which may include continuing education requirements. Upon 
reasonable request, we may provide supplemental training to your employees related to providing 
training services to customers, and you will pay us our then-current fee and our reasonable travel 
and lodging expenses we incur to provide the supplemental training.  
F.
Authorized Supplies, Equipment, and Products. You agree to offer and sell at the 
Studio all and only the Services and Products which we have approved as being suitable for sale 
and meeting the standards of quality and uniformity for the System. In addition, you agree to use 
in the operation of the Studio only such supplies, items, merchandise, and equipment which we 
