65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
5 
C.
Trade Secrets. You understand and agree that you will come into possession of certain of 
our trade secrets concerning the manner in which it conducts business including, but not necessarily limited 
to: (i) methods of doing business; (ii) business processes; (iii) strategic business plans; (iv) customer lists 
and information; (v) marketing and promotional campaigns; and (vi) our materials clearly marked or labeled 
as trade secrets (“Trade Secrets”). You agree that the Trade Secrets, which may or may not be considered 
"trade secrets" under prevailing judicial interpretations or statutes, is private, valuable, and constitutes trade 
secrets belonging to us. You understand and agree that we derive independent economic value from the 
Trade Secrets not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, 
any other person. You will take reasonable measures to keep such information secret. Upon termination of 
this Agreement, you will not use, sell, teach, train, disseminate, or otherwise expose any other person, firm, 
corporation, association, or other entity or group, in any manner to any Trade Secret. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, there may be certain, limited circumstances where applicable law allows 
for the disclosure of certain trade secrets, as we may specify in writing. 
8.  
TRADEMARKS 
A.
Ownership of Marks.  You acknowledge that you have no interest in or to the Marks and 
your right to use the Marks is derived solely from the individual Franchise Agreements entered into between 
you (or your affiliates) and us. You agree that all use of the Marks by you and any goodwill established 
exclusively benefits us. You agree that after termination or expiration of this Agreement, you will not, 
except with respect to Studios operated by you (or your affiliates) under individual Franchise Agreements, 
directly or indirectly, identify yourself or any business as a franchisee or former franchisee of, or otherwise 
associated with us or use in any manner any Mark or trade dress of a Studio or any colorable imitation 
thereof.  
B.
Limitations on Use of Marks.  You must not use any Mark as part of any corporate or trade 
name in any modified form, or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing by us.  You cannot 
use any Mark in any business or activity, other than the business conducted by you (or your affiliates) 
pursuant to individual Franchise Agreements. 
C.
Litigation.  You must immediately notify us in writing of any apparent infringement of or 
challenge to your use of any Mark, or claim by any person of any rights in any Mark or similar trade name, 
trademark, or service mark of which you become aware.  You must not communicate with any person other 
than us and our counsel regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim.  We may take any action we deem 
appropriate and we have the right to exclusively control any litigation or other proceeding arising out of 
any infringement, challenge or claim relating to any Mark. 
D.
Restrictions on Internet, Website and Social Media Use.  We retain the sole right to 
advertise the System on the Internet and to create, operate, maintain, and modify, or discontinue the use of, 
a website or Social Media (as defined in the first Franchise Agreement) accounts using the Marks. You 
have the right to access our website and view our Social Media accounts. Except as we may authorize in 
writing, you will not: (1) link or frame our website or Social Media accounts or content; (2) conduct any 
business or offer to sell or advertise memberships, products, or services on the Internet (or any other existing 
or future form of electronic communication) including e-mail marketing or other digital marketing; 
(3) create or register any Internet or email domain name in any connection with your franchise, the System, 
or the Marks that we now or hereafter may own or any other name that may be confusingly similar; (4) use 
any e-mail address which we have not authorized for use in operating the Studio; (5) engage in any search 
engine optimization; and (6) conduct any activity on Social Media on behalf of the Studio, the System, or 
any Marks. 
