65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
31 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION 
OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
If you are a single-unit franchisee, your Studio may be managed by a “Studio Manager.”  
The Studio Manager can be you or someone you appoint, who we approve, and who successfully 
completes our required training to be the Studio Manager.  The Studio Manager is responsible for 
day-to-day Studio operations. In addition, if you are not the Studio Manager, you (or if you are an 
entity the Operating Principal) must remain active in overseeing the general management and 
operation of the Studio, must have authority to sign all contracts on your behalf and must 
successfully complete the training we require (the “Operating Principal”).  The Studio Manager 
and Operating Principal may be the same person.    
If the Studio Manager dies, is permanently disabled or their role terminates, you must 
appoint a competent Studio Manager acceptable to us within 30 days from the date of death or 
permanent disability.  The appointed Studio Manager must promptly and satisfactorily complete 
our designated training program. If an approved Studio Manager is not appointed within 30 days, 
we may immediately appoint a Studio Manager to maintain Studio operations on your behalf until 
an approved assignee can assume the management and operation of the Studio, and you will pay 
us the greater of (i) $2,000 per week, or (ii) 20% of Gross Sales for the weeks the appointed Studio 
Manager maintains the Studio operations on your behalf. We may cease to provide management 
services at any time. 
If you enter into a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you must appoint a “Regional 
Manager.” The Regional Manager can be you or someone you appoint, who we approve, and who 
successfully completes our required training to be the Regional Manager.  The Regional Manager 
must devote their full-time efforts to the obligations under the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement.  You, the Operating Principal, or Regional Manager must supervise the development 
and operations of Studios franchised under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, but may 
appoint a Studio Manager to be engaged in the day-to-day operations of any Studio. You may 
appoint a Regional Manager to oversee the operations of up to five studios.  The person who is 
responsible for the day-to-day supervision of the Multi-Unit Development Agreement assumes 
his/her responsibilities on a full-time basis and may not engage in any other business or other 
activity that requires any significant management responsibility, time commitments, or otherwise 
may conflict with his/her obligations.  If you are a corporation, partnership, or limited liability 
company, you may not engage in any business or activities other than the ownership and operation 
of Studios under Multi-Unit Development Agreement.   
Each individual who owns a 5% or greater interest in the franchisee entity is considered a 
“Principal Owner” and must sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached to the 
Franchise Agreement (and the Multiple Unit Franchise Agreement, if applicable).  These people 
agree to discharge all obligations of the franchisee entity to us under the Franchise Agreement and 
are bound by all of its provisions, including maintaining confidentiality, as described in Item 14, 
and complying with the non-compete covenants, as described in Item 17.  In addition, the 
Operating Principal and Studio Manager must sign a written agreement to maintain the 
confidentiality of our Confidential Information and trade secrets described in Item 14 and comply 
with the non-compete covenants described in Item 17.    
