SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  FOR THE FOURTEEN-MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
AND FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 7.
MARKETING FUND
System Brand Fund
The Company reserves the right to collect from its franchisees a fixed monthly brand
fund fee with the option to increase the fee not more than 10% each year in accordance
with the Company's standard franchise agreement.  The brand fund is to be utilized for
the benefit of the franchisees through the general promotion of the trademark and the
SWEAT440 System, with a portion designated to offset the Company's costs for its
administration of the fund. Pursuant to the standard franchise agreement, the Company
is required to account for the monies collected on behalf of the brand fund separately.
For the fourteen-month period ended December 31, 2024 and the fiscal years ended
October 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company collected Brand Fund Fees totaling $107,415,
$60,545 and $18,301 respectively.
NOTE 8.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Litigation
The Company is, from time to time, involved in ordinary and routine litigation.
Management presently believes that there are no proceedings, individually or in the
aggregate, which will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. Nevertheless, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include
money damages and, in such event, could result in a material adverse impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the period in which
the ruling occurs.  There is no pending litigation, or known threat of litigation, as of the
date on which these financial statements were available to be issued.
Paycheck Protection Program Loan
The Company applied for Paycheck Protection loan forgiveness and received approval
from the Small Business Administration ("SBA") in February 2021 for $28,500. If it is
determined that the Company was not eligible to receive the Payment Protection loan
or that the Company has not adequately complied with the rules, regulations, and
procedures applicable to SBA's Loan Program, the Company could be subject to
penalties and could be required to repay the amounts previously forgiven.
14
