65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
11 
approved Authorized Supplier criteria, which determination we will make and communicate in 
writing to you within a reasonable time. 
D.
Computer System. In the Studio, you will purchase, install, and use only the 
technology hardware and software we designate in the Operations Manual (the “Computer 
System”). The Computer System may include one or more proprietary software programs 
developed by us or for us, or other software we designate (the “Designated Software”). You must 
use the Designated Software that we or our designated third-party supplier provides and licenses 
to you. The Designated Software will remain the confidential property of us or our third-party 
supplier. You must enter into our or our supplier’s standard form software license agreement in 
connection with your use of the Designated Software, and you must pay us or our supplier’s 
monthly software access fee and any initial software set-up fees. If implemented, you will pay the 
then-current fee for the replacement or additional Designated Software at or before the Designated 
Software is delivered to you. In addition, we reserve the right to charge you a reasonable monthly 
fee for computer software support we or our designee provides to you respecting the Designated 
Software. We reserve the right to assign our rights, title, and interest in any Designated Software 
to a third party we designate or to replace the Designated Software. In such event, you may be 
required to enter into a separate computer software license agreement specified by the third-party 
supplier of the Designated Software. It is your responsibility to protect yourself from disruptions, 
Internet access failures, Internet content failures, and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized 
intruders, and you waive any and all claims you may have against us as the direct or indirect result 
of such disruptions, failures, and attacks. In addition, you must (i) maintain Internet access with a 
form of high-speed internet connection as we require in the Operations Manual; (ii) use an e-mail 
address we designate for all your communication with and for the Studio; (iii) use our designed 
merchant card processor and our designated communication provider for certain services; (iv) use 
and, at our discretion, pay for all future updates, supplements, and modifications and replacements 
to the Computer System; and (v) not install or otherwise use unauthorized software or applications 
on any computer or other hardware devices.  
E.
Customer Data. You acknowledge and agree that we own and control the use of 
Customer Data, and we grant you a license to use the Customer Data during the term of this 
Agreement. You have no right to sell, transfer, sublicense, or otherwise share Customer Data to or 
with any third party unless you obtain our prior written approval. You will only use Customer Data 
for approved uses related to your Studio, unless you obtain our prior written approval. Upon 
reasonable request, you will transfer all Customer Data to us or our affiliate in accordance with the 
Operations Manual. You must provide to us usernames and passwords to access the Computer 
System, and we have the right to access Customer Data on the Computer System and at the 
Authorized Location. It is your sole responsibility to protect Customer Data from cyber attacks or 
unauthorized intruders, and you waive any claim you may have against us as the direct or indirect 
result of such attacks and intrusions. You are solely responsible for complying with any federal, 
state, and local laws or regulations concerning the storage, handling, and use of Customer Data.  
F.
Pre-Opening Requirements. You will complete development and open the 
Authorized Location for business no later than the date identified in Exhibit A (the “Opening 
