65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
22 
We may offer for sale through approved suppliers any sales or advertising materials, 
merchandise, premium items, or point-of-purchase materials that we develop with money from the 
Brand Fund (“Brand Fund Materials”).   
We are not required to spend any particular amount on marketing, advertising, or 
production in the area in which your Studio is located.  Brand Fund Fees not spent in any fiscal 
year will be carried over for future use.  We may make loans to the Brand Fund bearing reasonable 
interest to cover any deficit of the Brand Fund and cause the Brand Fund to invest in a surplus for 
future use by the Brand Fund.  Brand Fees will not be used for advertising principally directed at 
the sale of franchises, other than Brand Fees used to create and maintain our website, which may 
include franchise development information.  At your request, we will provide you with an annual 
unaudited statement of the receipts and disbursements of the Brand Fund for the most recent 
calendar year. 
Each SWEAT440® franchisee under the same form of franchise agreement must pay the 
Brand Fund Fee at the same rate.  In addition, each Studio that we or our affiliates own that is 
substantially similar to a franchised Studio will contribute to the Brand Fund on the same basis as 
SWEAT440® franchisees that opened at the same time as the Studio.  
As of our last fiscal year, which ran from November 1, 2023 through December 31, 2024, 
we spent the Brand Funds Fees as follows: 40% on analytics software, 10% on administrative 
costs, 30% on equipment and 20% of marketing development.  
You must use LeadTeam in developing your approved Studio advertising and promotional 
activities in your local geographic area for local advertising and Studio promotion.  You also may 
develop advertising materials for your own use, at your own cost, if your materials are factually 
correct, accurately depict the Marks, and communicate the brand position and character that we 
have established for SWEAT440® Studios.  If you develop advertisement materials, you must 
provide a copy of the materials to us for our review and written approval before you use the 
advertising materials.  If we do not approve those advertising or promotional materials within 10 
days from the date you submit those materials to us, you may not use the materials; however, we 
reserve the right to approve those materials at any later time. 
Before the Studio opens, you must spend $20,000 to $30,000 for local Studio advertising 
as part of your Market Introduction Plan.  You must use an Authorized Supplier (if any) and 
implement our recommended media plan in conducting the Studio opening campaign.  Currently, 
our Authorized Supplier for the Market Introduction Plan is LeadTeam.  The Market Introduction 
Plan includes a Marketing Management Fee paid to LeadTeam equal to $400 per month after you 
sign the Franchise Agreement and $1,200 per month beginning 4 months prior to your scheduled 
opening.  Upon reasonable request, you must provide us with an accounting of your expenditures 
on the Market Introduction Plan. 
After you Studio opens, you must spend at least $1,200 per month on approved local 
advertising.  We may direct how you spent your local advertising and currently, we require you to 
spend your local advertising requirement on local digital marketing using LeadTeam.  During the 
first 6 months of operation, you must spend an additional $1,000 of your required local advertising 
