65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
6 
4.
FRANCHISE AND OTHER FEES 
A.
Initial Franchise Fee. You will pay us an “Initial Franchise Fee” of Sixty Thousand 
Dollars ($60,000). If you are a veteran of the United States Armed Forces (with evidence of 
enrollment), then we will give you a Five Thousand Dollar ($5,000) discount off your Initial 
Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee is payable when you sign this Agreement. We fully earn 
the Initial Franchise Fee when you sign this Agreement, and the Initial Franchise Fee is 
nonrefundable.  
B.
Royalty Fee. Starting with the earlier of the date the Studio opens or the Opening 
Deadline (as described in Section 6(F) below), you will pay us a non-refundable weekly fee (the 
“Royalty Fee”) equal to the greater of: (1) seven percent (7%) of Gross Sales; or (2) $350 per 
week. You must pay the Royalty Fee on the Wednesday of each week. If Wednesday is a bank 
holiday, the Royalty Fee is due the next business day. 
C.
Electronic Transfer of Funds. You will pay us the Royalty Fees and all other fees 
(as described below) and any other amount due to us by electronic transfer of funds. You must 
execute any other documents necessary to permit us to initiate debt entries and/or credit correction 
entries to your designated bank account by electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) and/or ACH. Your 
authorization will permit us to designate the amount to be transferred from your account. You will 
maintain a balance in your accounts sufficient to allow us to collect the amounts owed to us when 
due. You will be responsible for any penalties, fines, or similar expenses associated with the 
transfer of funds described herein. Upon written notice to you, we may designate another method 
of payment. 
D.
Interest on Late Payments. Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Fees, and all other amounts 
you owe to us or our affiliates will bear interest after the due date at the greater of: (i) one-and-
one-half percent (1½%) per month; or (ii) the maximum contract rate of interest permitted by law 
in the state in which the Studio is located. 
E.
Application of Payments. We have discretion to apply amounts due to us or any of 
our affiliates any payments received from you to any amount we owe you. 
F.
Withholding Payments Unlawful. You agree that you will not withhold payment of 
any Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Fees or any other amount due to us, and that the alleged non-
performance or breach of any of our obligations under the Franchise Agreement or any related 
agreement does not establish a right at law or in equity to withhold payments due us for Royalty 
Fees, Brand Fund Fees or any other amounts due. 
5.
ADVERTISING 
A.
System Brand Fund. During the term of this Agreement, you will pay to us for 
deposit in a System Brand Fund (the “Brand Fund”) a marketing fee (the “Brand Fund Fee”) equal 
to Four Hundred and Twenty Dollars ($420) per month. We may increase the Brand Fund Fee upon 
written notice to you; provided that we will not increase the Brand Fund Fee more than ten percent 
(10%) each year. For example, if we do not increase the fee in 2025 or 2026, but increase the Brand 
Fund Fee in 2027, we may account for a ten percent (10%) increase for years 2025, 2026 and 2027. 
The Brand Fund Fee is due and payable in the same manner as the Royalty Fee described in Section 
