65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
26 
associated with the Marks or the System; or (ii) own, operate, lease, franchise, conduct, engage in, 
be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any person or entity engaged in any business 
(including any e-commerce or Internet-based business) that offers or conducts fitness classes or 
instruction or that offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or retail, exercise apparel and 
accessories, products, or any other related business that is competitive with or similar to a 
SWEAT440® business except: (1) with our prior written consent; (2) the ownership of securities 
listed on a stock exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market that represent one percent (1%) 
or less of that class of securities; or (3) under a separate agreement between you and us.
C.
Post-Term Covenant Not to Compete. You (and if you are an entity, each Principal 
Owner) and the Studio Manager will not, for a period of two (2) years after this Agreement expires 
or is terminated or the date on which you cease to operate the Studio, whichever is later, directly 
or as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, officer, director, or shareholder of any other person, 
firm, partnership, corporation, or entity: (1) divert or attempt to divert any business or customers 
of the Studio to any competitor, or perform any act that would damage the goodwill associated 
with the Marks or the System; or (2) own, operate, lease, franchise, conduct, engage in, be 
connected with, having any interest in, or assist any person or entity engaged in any business that 
offers or conducts fitness classes or instruction or that offers, distributes or sells, at wholesale or 
retail, exercise apparel and accessories, products, or any other related business that is competitive 
with or similar to a SWEAT440® business or any wholesale or retail business we then may operate 
that is located at the Studio or within a fifteen (15) mile radius of the former site of the Studio or 
any other then existing SWEAT440® business; provided, however, that this Section 13(C) will not 
apply to: (i) other SWEAT440® businesses that you operate under separate SWEAT440® 
franchise agreements; or (ii) the ownership of securities listed on a stock exchange or traded on 
the over-the-counter market that represent one percent (1%) or less of that class of securities. For 
purposes of this Section, any form of e-commerce business or website that offers fitness classes or 
instruction, exercise products, apparel, and accessories, or any other related product, membership, 
service or other goods offered at a SWEAT440® business will be in violation of this provision if 
such e-commerce business or website offers, sells or otherwise makes its products or services 
available to individuals residing within or businesses located within a fifteen (15) mile radius of 
the former Authorized Location or any other then-existing SWEAT440® Studio. You agree that 
the length of time in this Section 13(C) will be tolled for any period during which you are in breach 
of the covenants or any other period during which we seek to enforce this Agreement.  
D.
Injunctive Relief. You agree that damages alone cannot adequately compensate us 
if there is a violation of any covenant in this Section and that injunctive relief is essential for our 
protection. You therefore agree that we may seek injunctive relief without posting any bond or 
security, in addition to the remedies that may be available to us at equity or law, if you or anyone 
acting on your behalf violates any covenant in this Section. The covenants stated in this Section 
will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
14.
ASSIGNMENT 
A.
By Us. We may assign, transfer, delegate or subcontract all or any part of our rights 
and duties under this Agreement, including by operation of law, without notice to you and without 
your consent. You are not the third-party beneficiary of any of our contracts with third parties, 
including vendors or other franchisees. You acknowledge and agree that, following the effective 
