65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
36 
of your operation of the Studio or the license of any of our intangible property in the jurisdiction 
in which the Studio is located. If more than one SWEAT440® business is located in such 
jurisdiction, they will share the liability in proportion to their Gross Sales from the franchised 
business, except in the case of sales taxes and gross receipts taxes, which will be divided in 
proportion to taxable sales to you. If applicable, this payment is in addition to the Royalty Fee 
payments described above. You must pay all losses, liability, damages, and taxes we incur pursuant 
to your obligations of indemnity under this Section 17(B) regardless of any settlement, actions, or 
defense we undertake or the subsequent success or failure of any settlement, actions or defense. 
Further, you agree to give us immediate notice of any such action, proceeding, demand, or 
investigation brought against you or the Franchise. We may designate counsel, at your expense, to 
defend or settle such action, proceeding, demand, or investigation brought against you or the 
Franchise. This obligation does not diminish your indemnification obligations under this Section 
17(B). 
C.
Survival. The indemnities and assumptions of liabilities and obligations continue 
in full force and effect after the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
18.
ENFORCEMENT 
A.
Severability. All provisions of this Agreement are severable, and this Agreement 
will be interpreted and enforced as if all invalid or unenforceable provisions were not contained 
herein and partially valid and enforceable provisions will be enforced to the extent valid and 
enforceable. If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater prior 
notice of the termination of or non-renewal of this Agreement than is required, or the taking of 
some other action not required, or if under any applicable and binding law or rule of any 
jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure 
prescribed by us are invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other action required by law 
or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions. 
B.
Waiver of Obligations. Our waiver of any breach by you, or our delay or failure to 
enforce any provision of this Agreement, will not be deemed to be a waiver of any other or 
subsequent breach or be deemed an estoppel to enforce our rights respecting that or any other 
breach. 
C.
Rights of Parties are Cumulative. Our and your rights are cumulative and no 
exercise or enforcement by either party of any right or remedy precludes the exercise or 
enforcement by such party of any other right or remedy to which such party is entitled by law or 
equity to enforce. 
D.
Venue. Any cause of action, claim, suit or demand allegedly arising from or related 
to this Agreement or the relationship of the parties must be brought exclusively in the state or 
federal court of competent jurisdiction in the state covering the location in which our corporate 
offices are located at the time the action is commenced. We also have the right to file any such suit 
against you in the federal or state court where the Studio is located. We and you both irrevocably 
consent to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive all rights to challenge personal jurisdiction and 
venue. The provisions of this Section 18(D) will survive the termination of this Agreement.  
