65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
33 
ii.
immediately cease representing yourself as a franchisee or former 
franchisee; 
iii.
within ten (10) days after termination, pay all amounts due and owing to us 
or our affiliates, including all Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Fees, other fees, and accrued 
interest due under this Agreement; 
iv.
immediately discontinue using, and within ten (10) days return to us by 
priority United States mail with a tracking number, any hard copies of the Operations 
Manual and any other manuals, advertising materials, and any other printed materials 
relating to the operation, advertising, or promotion of the Franchise or System; 
v.
unless we exercise our option to purchase the Studio as described below, 
within ten (10) days after termination, return any unused, pre-paid membership fees to 
respective customers; 
vi.
assign to us or, at our discretion, disconnect the telephone number for the 
Studio. You acknowledge that we have the sole right to and interest in all telephone 
numbers and directory listings associated with the Marks, and you authorize us, and appoint 
us as your attorney-in-fact, to direct the telephone company and all listing agencies to 
transfer such numbers and listings to us; 
vii.
remove from the Authorized Location, and upon reasonable request return 
to us by priority United States mail with a tracking number, any signs, posters, fixtures, 
decals, wall coverings, and other materials that are distinctive of a Studio or bear the name 
“Sweat440” or other Marks; 
viii.
comply with all post-termination obligations under any software license 
agreement, including the return of all materials relating to any Designated Software; 
ix.
take all necessary action within fifteen (15) days to cancel all fictitious or 
assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to your use of any of the Marks; 
x.
immediately cease using Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and 
return to us any documents in your possession that contain Confidential Information or 
Trade Secrets; 
xi.
at our option, we may purchase your inventory of products in good and 
saleable condition at your actual cost less a 30% stocking fee, and you will return to us any 
other remaining products at no cost to us; and 
xii.
comply with all other applicable provisions of this Agreement, including the 
non-compete provisions.  
Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, your right to use the name “Sweat440” 
and the other Marks, the Patents, and the System (including the Flex-Time Process) will 
immediately terminate and you (or if you are an entity, the Principal Owners) will not in any way 
associate yourself as associated with us. If you fail to remove any signs and other materials bearing 
