65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
8 
provided that the portion of the Software License Fee attributable to our costs will not 
increase more than our costs increase and the portion of the Software License Fee 
attributable to our overhead and administrative costs will not be more than 25% of the 
Software License Fee. 
(6)
We may hold an annual convention at a time, date, and location we select, and we may 
require you to attend.  If you choose not to attend the convention, we may still require you 
to pay us a fee to cover the convention expense.  All expenses, including your and your 
employees’ transportation to and from the Convention, as well as lodging, meals, and 
salaries during the Convention are your sole responsibility.  
(7)
You pay the transfer fee when the Franchise Agreement, the Studio, or a material interest 
in you is transferred.  You do not pay the transfer fee under the following circumstances: 
(i) the transferee is an entity controlled by you, (ii) the transferee has been a franchisee in 
good standing for at least 3 years, (iii) the transferee has managed a franchised or company-
owned Studio for at least 3 years, (iv) the transferee is a member of the franchisee’s 
immediate family and meets the criteria for a new franchisee, or (v) the transferee obtains 
the business due to franchisee’s death or disability. 
(8)
You pay the transfer fee when the Multi-Unit Development Agreement or a material 
interest in you is transferred.  You do not pay the transfer fee under the following 
circumstances: (i) you are in complete compliance with the terms of this Agreement and 
all other agreements between the parties; (ii) the proposed transferee has been approved by 
us as meeting our then-current standards for multi-unit or single unit franchisees; (iii) the 
proposed transferee has completed any required training program; (iv) you pay us a transfer 
fee of $5,000 for each unmet development obligation pursuant to the Development 
Schedule being transferred; and (v) you and each Principal Owner, (if applicable) sign a 
general release, in form and substance satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us 
and our affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents, except to the extent limited or 
prohibited by applicable law.   
(9)
You pay the securities offering fee if you decide to raise monies by selling securities, 
including common or preferred stock, bonds, debentures, or general or limited partnership 
interests in you or any of your affiliates.  In addition to paying us the securities offering 
fee, you must (a) submit any written information to us before you include it in any 
registration statement, prospectus, or similar offering circular or memorandum, and (b) 
obtain our written consent to the method of financing before any offering or sale of 
securities, and (c) include the language we require in the offering.  
(10)
If an examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales by 2% or less, you 
will immediately pay to us the Royalty Fees and other fees due plus applicable interest.  If 
an examination or audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales by more than 2% but 
less than 5%, you will immediately pay to us the Royalty Fees and other fees due, 
applicable interest, and the costs associated with the examination or audit.  If the audit 
reveals an understatement of 5% or more we may terminate the franchise agreement and 
you may not have an opportunity to cure. 
