SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC
(A Limited Liability Company)
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  FOR THE FOURTEEN-MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
AND FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2.   
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue and Cost Recognition (Continued)
Brand Fund
The Company reserves the right to establish a brand fund to collect and administer
funds contributed for use in advertising and promotional programs for franchise units.
Brand fund fees are collected from franchisees based on a fixed fee per month. The
Company has determined that it acts as a principal in the collection and administration
of the brand fund and, therefore, recognizes the revenues and expenses related to the
brand fund on a gross basis. The Company has determined that the right to access its
intellectual property and administration of the brand fund are highly interrelated and,
therefore, are accounted for as a single performance obligation. As a result, revenues
from the brand fund represent sales-based royalties related to the right to access the
Company's intellectual property, which are recognized as franchisee sales occur. When
brand fund fees exceed the related brand fund expenses in a reporting period,
advertising costs are accrued up to the amount of brand fund revenues recognized.
Equipment Revenues
Revenues and cost of revenues in connection with the sale of equipment are recognized
when control of the promised goods is transferred to the franchisee upon delivery from
the vendor. The Company collects the funds from the franchisee and pays the vendor
directly for equipment, but at no point does the Company take possession of the
equipment. The Company controls the order and delivery of the equipment to the
franchisee. The Company has determined that it acts as a principal in the collection and
administration of the equipment and, therefore, recognizes the revenues and related
cost of revenues on a gross basis. Cost of revenues in connection with the sale of
equipment for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to $219,985
and $144,208, respectively, and is included in "Operating expenses" in the
accompanying statements of operations and changes in member's deficit. Subsequent to
October 31, 2023, the franchisees are purchasing equipment directly from the vendors.
Vendor Rebates
The Company is party to certain vendor arrangements for which it earns revenue share
payable by the vendor based on a percentage or volume of equipment purchases made
by the franchisees. Revenue from vendor arrangements are recognized when purchases
are made by the franchisees.
Other Revenues
All other fees are recognized as services are rendered or when payment is received.
Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract
The Company capitalizes direct and incremental costs, principally consisting of
commissions, associated with the sale of franchises which are amortized over the term
of the franchise agreements and MUDs. In the case of costs paid related to MUDs, for
which no signed franchise agreement has been signed, these costs are deferred until the
signed franchise agreement is received.
8
