65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
34 
the Marks, you agree that we may enter the Authorized Location and do so at your expense. You 
acknowledge and agree that following termination or expiration of this Agreement, you will 
comply with any continuing obligation to cooperate with us on or relating to any litigation, 
acquisition or intellectual property rights 
B.
Redecoration. If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, and you either remain 
in possession of the Authorized Location of the former Studio to operate a separate business not 
in violation of Section 13 above, or enter into an agreement with a third party to allow such third 
party to directly operate a business at the Authorized Location of the former Studio, you will, at 
your expense, modify the exterior and interior appearance of the Authorized Location so that they 
will be easily distinguished from the standard appearance of SWEAT440® businesses. At a 
minimum, such changes and modifications to the Authorized Location will include: (i) repainting 
the Authorized Location with different colors; (ii) removing all signs and other materials bearing 
the name “Sweat440” and other Marks; (3) removing all fixtures which are indicative of 
SWEAT440® businesses; (4) discontinuing the use of SWEAT440® employee uniforms and 
refraining from using any uniforms which are confusingly similar; (5) discontinuing use of all 
Confidential Information regarding the operation of the Studio; and (6) taking such other action, 
at your expense, as we may reasonably require. If you fail to promptly initiate modifications to 
Authorized Location of the former Studio, or complete such modifications with any period of time 
we deem appropriate, you agree that we or our agents may enter the Authorized Location of the 
former Studio to make such modifications, at your risk and expense, without responsibility for any 
actual or consequential damages to your property or others, and without liability for trespass or 
other tort or criminal act.  
C.
Our Option to Purchase the Studio.  
i.
If this Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason, we have the 
option, upon thirty (30) days’ written notice from the date of expiration or termination, to 
purchase from you all the tangible and intangible assets relating to the Studio, including 
the Authorized Location if you own the Authorized Location (excluding any unsalable 
inventory, cash, short-term investments and accounts receivable) (collectively, the 
“Purchased Assets”) and to an assignment of your lease for (i) the Authorized Location (or, 
if an assignment is prohibited, a sublease for the full remaining term under the same 
provisions as your lease) and (ii) any other tangible leased assets used in operating the 
Studio. If the landlord respecting the lease for the Authorized Location is an affiliate of you 
(controlling, controlled by or under common control with you) we will have the right to 
assume the lease on terms generally consistent with then-current market rates for space in 
the immediate area surrounding the Authorized Location. We may assign to a third party 
this option to purchase and assignment of leases separate and apart from the remainder of 
this Agreement. If we assume the lease for the Studio under this Section, you will pay, 
remove or satisfy any liens or other encumbrances on your leasehold interest and will pay 
in full all amounts due the lessor under the lease existing at or prior to assumption. We are 
not liable for any obligation you incur before the date we assume the lease. 
ii.
The purchase price for the Studio will be the “Book Value” (as defined 
below) of the Purchased Assets. “Book Value” means the net book value of the Purchased 
Assets, as disclosed in the last quarterly statement of the Studio provided to us under 
