65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
35 
Section 10(B) before termination or expiration, provided, however, that: (1) each 
depreciable asset will be valued on a “straight-line” basis without provision for salvage 
value; (2) we may exclude from the Purchased Assets any products or other items that were 
not acquired in compliance with this Agreement; and (3) we may exclude from Book Value 
any provision for goodwill or similar value attributable to intangible property. If we are not 
satisfied with the accuracy or fairness of any financial statements, or none has been 
submitted, our regularly employed firm of certified public accountants will determine (by 
audit) the Book Value. You and we will equally bear the cost of the audit. The results of the 
audit will be final and binding on both parties. 
iii.
The purchase price, as determined above, will be paid in cash at the closing 
of the purchase, which will occur no later than sixty (60) days after we deliver notice of 
our election to purchase the Studio, unless Book Value is determined by audit, in which 
case the closing will occur within a reasonable time, not to exceed sixty (60) days, after the 
results of the audit are made available. At the closing, you will deliver documents 
transferring good and merchantable title to the assets purchased, free and clear of all liens, 
encumbrances and liabilities to us or our designee and such other documents we may 
reasonably request to permit us to operate the Studio without interruption. We may set off 
against and reduce the purchase price by all amounts you owe to us or any of our affiliates. 
If we exercise our option to purchase the Studio, we may, pending the closing, appoint a 
manager to maintain Studio operations.  
D.
Survival. All obligations of you and us which, expressly or by their nature, survive 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect following its 
expiration or termination and until they are satisfied or expire. 
17.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES, INDEMNIFICATION 
A.
Relationship of the Parties. You and we are independent contractors. Neither party 
is the agent, legal representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venture, or employee of the other. 
Neither party will independently obligate the other to any third parties or represent any right to do 
so. This Agreement does not reflect or create a fiduciary relationship or a relationship of special 
trust or confidence. You must conspicuously identify yourself at the Authorized Location and in 
all dealings with customers, lessors, contractors, suppliers, public officials, and all others as the 
owner of the Studio under a franchise agreement from us and must place other notices of 
independent ownership on signs, forms, stationery, advertising and other materials, as we require. 
B.
Your Indemnification Obligations. You agree to indemnify and hold us and our 
subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, members, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless 
against, and to reimburse us or them for any loss, liability, or damages arising out of or relating to 
your ownership or operation of the Studio, and all reasonable costs of defending any claim brought 
against us or any of them or any action in which us or any of them is named as a party (including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and interest) unless the loss, liability, damage or cost is solely due to our 
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Further, you agree to indemnify and hold us and our 
subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, members, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless 
against, and to reimburse us or them for any income tax, capital gains tax, gross receipts or excise 
tax, sales tax, and any other taxes that the state in which the Studio is located imposes as a result 
