65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
10 
register the lease, you must provide us with the date of execution of the lease and the date the lease 
was registered. 
B.
Development of the Studio. We will provide you with the prototype drawings and 
specifications for a SWEAT440® business, including standards for build-out, layout, equipment, 
décor, utility requirements, and signage requirements. Promptly after you sign a lease or acquire 
the Authorized Location, you will, at your expense: 
i.
with the assistance of an architect we designate, prepare and submit to us 
for approval (which will not be unreasonably withheld and must be granted prior to you 
submitting your plans for registration with the appropriate government officials) any 
proposed modifications to our basic plans and specifications. You are solely responsible 
for the Authorized Location’s compliance with applicable federal, state, and local laws, 
ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and lease or deed requirements and 
restrictions;
ii.
contract with a construction management services vendor that we designate 
or approve to manage the build-out of the Studio; 
iii.
contract with a qualified project manager we designate to supervise the 
construction, build-out, or remodeling of the Authorized Location;
iv.
obtain all required building, utility, sign, health, sanitation, and business 
permits and licenses, and any other required permits or licenses;
v.
obtain all required insurance and workers compensation policies as required 
under this Agreement; 
vi.
construct all required improvements to the Authorized Location, purchase 
and install all required fixtures and equipment and decorate the Authorized Location in 
compliance with the plans and specifications we approve and in compliance with all 
applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, 
and lease or deed requirements and restrictions; and 
vii.
establish filing, accounting, and inventory control systems.  
C.
Fixtures, Equipment, Furniture and Signs. In constructing and operating the Studio, 
you will only use those types of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, 
furniture, décor, and signs that we have approved for SWEAT440® businesses as meeting our 
required specifications and standards for appearance, function, and performance. You may 
purchase approved types of construction and decorating materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture, 
décor, and signs from any Authorized Supplier (which may include us and/or our affiliates). If you 
propose to purchase any material, fixture, equipment, furniture, décor, or sign we have not then 
approved, or any item from any supplier that is not an Authorized Supplier, you must first notify 
us in writing and provide to us sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings, and other 
information or samples for us to determine whether the material, fixture, equipment, furniture, 
décor, or sign complies with our required specifications and standards, or the supplier meets our 
