65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
37 
E.
Governing Law. Subject to our rights under federal trademark laws and the Federal 
Arbitration Act, this Agreement will be governed by and construed under the laws of Florida, 
without regard to any conflict of laws principles of Florida. You waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, the rights and protections that might be provided through any state franchise or 
business opportunity laws, other than those of the state where your Studio is located. 
F.
Binding Effect. This Agreement is binding upon the parties and their respective 
executors, administrators, heirs, assigns, and successors in interest, and will not be modified except 
by in writing and signed by you and us. Except as provided above, this Agreement is not intended, 
and will not be deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party 
to this Agreement. 
G.
References. If you consist of two or more individuals, such individuals will be 
jointly and severally liable, and references to “you” in this Agreement will include all such 
individuals. Any reference or use of the term “including” means including without limitation.  
H.
Interpretation of Rights and Obligations. The following provisions will apply to and 
govern the interpretation of this Agreement, the parties’ rights under this Agreement, and the 
relationship between the parties: 
i.
Our Rights. Whenever this Agreement provides that we have, reserve, or 
retain a certain right, that right is absolute and the parties intend that our exercise of that 
right will not be subject to any limitation or review. We have the right to operate, 
administrate, develop, and change the System in any manner that is not specifically 
precluded by the provisions of this Agreement. 
ii.
Our Reasonable Business Judgment. Whenever we reserve discretion in a 
particular area or where we agree or are required to exercise our rights reasonably or in 
good faith, we will satisfy our obligations whenever we exercise “reasonable business 
judgment” in making our decision or exercising our rights. A decision or action by us will 
be deemed the result of “reasonable business judgment,” even if other reasonable or even 
arguably preferable alternatives are available, if our decision or action is intended to 
promote or benefit the System generally even if the decision or action also promotes a 
financial or other individual interest of ours. Examples of items that will promote or benefit 
the System include enhancing the value of the Marks and Patents, improving customer 
service and satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or 
encouraging modernization, and improving the competitive position of the System. Neither 
you nor any third party (including a trier of fact), will substitute their judgment for our 
reasonable business judgment. 
I.
Liquidated Damages. If you terminate this agreement prior to the end of the Initial 
Term, or if we terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Initial Term as a result of your 
breach of this Agreement, then you (or if you are an entity, you and the Principal Owners) will 
promptly pay to us a lump payment (as damages and not as a penalty) for our lost future revenue 
resulting from your breach or termination, in an amount equal to (i) the total amount of Royalty 
Fees, and Brand Fund Fees payable by you over the twelve (12)-month period preceding the 
termination (or the annualized amount of Royalty Fees and Brand Fund Fees if your Franchise has 
