65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
21 
(2)
Provide advisory services relating to Studio operations, including products and services 
offered for sale, selecting, purchasing and marketing products and services, marketing 
assistance and sales promotion programs, and operating, administrative, bookkeeping, 
accounting, inventory control and general operating procedures (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 7(F)). 
(3)
Periodically provide you with updated and revised materials for the Operations Manual 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 7(G)). 
(4)
Operate the Brand Fund (Franchise Agreement – Section 5(A)).   
Quality Assurance Audits.  While not required of us, we may perform periodic “Quality 
Assurance Audits” of your Studio where we or our representative will conduct an examination of 
the Studio to ensure you and the Studio satisfy our standards for appearance, cleanliness, customer 
service, operations, and promotion of the brand.  We do not have to give you prior notice before 
we or our representative conducts the quality audit.  You must achieve a score of 90 or more, or 
you may be in default under your Franchise Agreement.  If you receive more than two scores of 
less than 90 in the same twelve-month period, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.   
Advertising Programs.  We establish and conduct various advertising programs as follows: 
We will establish and operate a marketing and development fund (the “Brand Fund”) to promote 
and develop SWEAT440®.  You will pay us a monthly Brand Fund Fee of $420 per month.  We 
may increase the Brand Fund Fee upon written notice, provided that we will not increase the 
Brand Fund Fee more than 10% each year. For example, if we do not increase the fee in 2025 or 
2026, but increase it 2027, then we may account for a 10% increase for years 2025, 2026 and 
2027. You must begin paying the Brand Fund Fee the earlier of the date the Studio opens or the 
date the Studio should have been open (either under the Franchise Agreement or Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement). We will deposit the Brand Fund Fee in the Brand Fund that we manage 
through a separate account.  The Brand Fund is not a trust or escrow account.  We may use the 
Brand Fund to conduct national, regional, and local advertising, marketing, promotional and 
public relations campaigns, including for expenses we or our affiliates incur in connection with 
the general promotion of the Marks and the SWEAT440® brand, including, but not limited to, (a) 
web-based and app-based marketing, such as email marketing, search engine optimization, 
development and maintenance of the website(s), and the development and maintenance of Social 
Media accounts; (b) gift card programs, materials, and implementation; (c) community 
involvement and public relations; (d) creation, development, production, and execution of 
marketing plans and materials; (e) conducting customer surveys, interviews, or other programs 
aimed at understanding customer experiences with the System; (f) conduct a mystery shopper 
program; (g) research and development pertaining to the advancement of the brand, such as 
technology, fitness equipment or fitness conventions; and (h) all costs of managing or 
implementing the Brand Fund, including any amounts paid to our employees or other third parties 
retained to carry out the purposes of the Brand Fund or to promote the Marks of the System.  We 
contract with various outside advertising agencies and third party vendors to produce certain 
advertising production and promotional materials and to create and implement public relations 
campaigns.  We will determine the use of monies in the Brand Fund.  We are reimbursed for 
reasonable administrative costs and overhead incurred in administering the Brand Fund.
