65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
29 
conditions contained in Section 14(C) above. A transfer under this Section 14(D) is not subject to 
a transfer fee, but you must pay us the then-current fee for the initial training program and all costs 
relating to training or other requirements under this Agreement.  
E.
Public or Private Offerings. Subject to Section 14(C) above, if you (or if you are an 
entity, the Principal Owners) desire to raise or secure funds by the sale of securities (including 
common or preferred stock, bonds, debentures, or general or limited partnership interests) in you 
or any affiliate of you, you agree to submit any written information to us before your inclusion in 
any registration statement, prospectus, or similar offering circular or memorandum. You must 
obtain our written consent to the method of financing before any offering or sale of securities and 
must pay us a securities offering fee of ten thousand dollars ($10,000). Further, you must reimburse 
us for any administrative costs associated with providing you your requested information for any 
public or private offering. Our written consent will not imply or represent our approval respecting 
the method of financing, the offering literature submitted to us or any other aspect of the offering. 
No information respecting us or any of our affiliates will be included in any securities disclosure 
document, unless we furnish the information in writing in response to your written request, which 
request will state the specific purpose for which the information is to be used. Should we, in our 
discretion, object to any reference to us or any of our affiliates in the offering literature or 
prospectus, the literature or prospectus will not be used unless and until our objections are 
withdrawn. We assume no responsibility for the offering. The prospectus or other literature used 
in any offering must contain the following language in boldface type on the first textual page: 
“NEITHER SWEAT440 FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, LLC NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES: (A) IS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THE ISSUER OF THE SECURITIES 
OFFERED, (B) ASSUMES ANY RESPONSIBILITY RESPECTING THIS OFFERING 
AND/OR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED 
HEREIN, OR (C) ENDORSES OR MAKES ANY RECOMMENDATION RESPECTING THE 
INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED BY THIS OFFERING.”  
F.
Our Right of First Refusal. If you (or if you are an entity, the Principal Owners) at 
any time desire to sell or assign for consideration the Franchise, the Studio, an ownership interest 
representing (in the aggregate) fifty percent (50%) or more of the ownership in you, or all or 
substantially all of your assets, you or your Principal Owners must obtain a bona fide, executed 
written offer from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser, and you must deliver a copy of the 
offer to us. We have the right, exercisable by written notice delivered to you or your Principal 
Owners within thirty (30) days following receipt of the proposed offer, to purchase the interest in 
the Studio or ownership interest in you for the price and on terms contained in the offer. We may 
substitute cash for any non-cash form of payment proposed in the offer and will have a minimum 
of sixty (60) days to prepare for closing. If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, you or your 
Principal Owners may complete the sale to the proposed purchaser under the terms of the offer, 
provided you and the Principal Owners otherwise comply with this Section 14. If the sale to the 
proposed purchaser is not completed within sixty (60) days after delivery of the offer to us, or if 
there is a material change in the terms of the sale, we again will have the right of first refusal.  
G.
Guaranty. If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other 
entity, all of your Principal Owners will sign the Guaranty and Assumption Agreement in the form 
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D (the “Guaranty Agreement”). Any person or entity that at 
