65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
29 
Our Parent owns the Marks and have licensed us the perpetual right to use the Marks and 
to sublicense the use of the Marks to operate Studios under a trademark license agreement dated 
June 3, 2019 (the “Trademark License Agreement”).  Our Parent may terminate the License 
Agreement for our failure or refusal to perform any duty under the License Agreement, for the 
misuse of the Marks materially impairs the goodwill associated with the Marks, if we violate any 
provision under the Trademark License Agreement or we do not comply with our Parent’s 
instructions concerning the quality of the Marks.  If the Trademark License Agreement is 
terminated, any then-existing sublicenses (franchises) will continue for the term of the sublicenses 
provided that the franchisees comply with all other terms of their Franchise Agreements.  The 
Trademark License Agreement contains no other limitations. 
We have the right to periodically change the list of Marks.  Your use of the Marks and any 
goodwill is to our exclusive benefit and you retain no rights in the Marks.  You also retain no rights 
in the Marks when the Franchise Agreement expires or terminates.  You are not permitted to make 
any changes or substitutions respecting the Marks unless we direct in writing.  You may not use 
any Mark or portion of any Mark as part of any corporate or any trade name, or any modified form 
or in the sale of any unauthorized product or service, or in any unauthorized manner.  You may 
not use any Mark or portion of any Mark on any website without our prior written approval. 
There are currently no effective material determinations by the U.S. Patent and Trademark 
Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any 
court, or any pending infringement, opposition, or cancellation proceeding, or any pending 
material litigation, involving the principal Marks that are relevant to your use in any state.  There 
are currently no agreements in effect that significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of 
any principal Marks in any manner material to the franchise. 
You must immediately notify us of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use 
of any Marks, and we have sole discretion to take any action we deem appropriate.  We are unaware 
of any infringing uses or superior rights that could materially affect your use of the principal 
Marks.  
We are not obligated to protect you against infringement or unfair competition claims 
arising out of your use of the Marks, or to participate in your defense or indemnify you.  We reserve 
the right to control any litigation relating to the Marks and we will have the sole right to decide to 
pursue or settle any infringement actions relating to the Marks.  You must notify us promptly of 
any infringement or unauthorized of the Marks of which you become aware.  If we determine that 
a trademark infringement action requires changes or substitutions to the Marks, you will make 
these changes or substitutions at your own expense. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION  
We do claim copyright ownership and protection for the Operations Manual and for certain 
other written materials we provide to assist you in operating your Studio. 
We own certain proprietary information, patents, confidential information, and trade 
secrets relating to the operation of Studios, including information in the Operations Manual 
