65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
30 
(“Confidential Information”).  You must keep confidential during and after the term of the 
Franchise Agreement the Confidential Information and any trade secrets.  When your Franchise 
Agreement expires or terminates, you must return to us all copyright material, including the 
Operations Manual, and trade secrets.  You must notify us immediately if you learn of an 
unauthorized use of the Confidential Information.  We are not obligated to take any action and we 
will have the sole right to decide the appropriate response to any unauthorized use of the 
Confidential Information.  You must comply with all changes to the Operations Manual and any 
other written materials we provide you at your sole expense.  We own and will periodically 
establish policies under which we or you may use Studio customer data.  
You receive the right to use our Parent’s proprietary process for managing a fitness center 
and providing customers with an effective and efficient workout (the “Flex-Time Process”).  Our 
Parent has applied for a provisional patent application for the Flex-Time Process: 
U.S. Patent 
Application Number 
Date Filed 
Type 
Application Title 
Brief Description 
62/852,382 
5/24/19 
Provisional 
Application for 
Utility Patent 
Fitness Method 
Process for managing a fitness center 
and providing guests an efficient and 
effective workout using automated 
systems.
Our Parent has licensed us the perpetual right to use the Flex-Time Process and to 
sublicense the use of the Flex-Time Process to operate Studios under a patent license agreement 
dated June 3, 2019 (the “License Agreement”).  Our right to use or license the Flex-Time Process 
is not materially limited by any agreement or known infringing use.  There are no currently 
effective determinations of the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any court, nor any 
pending litigation or other proceedings, regarding any copyrighted materials or patents.  Our Parent 
may terminate the License Agreement for our failure or refusal to perform any duty under the 
License Agreement, for the misuse of the Marks materially impairs the goodwill associated with 
the Marks, if we violate any provision under the Trademark License Agreement or we do not 
comply with our Parent’s instructions concerning the quality of the Marks.  If the License 
Agreement is terminated, any then-existing sublicenses (franchises) will continue for the term of 
the sublicenses provided that the franchisees comply with all other terms of their Franchise 
Agreements.  The License Agreement contains no other limitations. You must comply with all 
changes to the Flex-Time Process and any other patents we license you, at your sole expense. 
You must tell us immediately if you learn about an infringement or challenge to our use or 
license of any of these patents.  We will take action that we think is appropriate.  The License 
Agreement does not address patent infringement claims; however, we intend to protect the patent 
rights and to defend you against infringement claims arising from your use of patented items in 
accordance with our standards and specifications.  You must also agree not to contest our interest 
in these or our other trade secrets. 
