65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
27 
date of any such assignment, you will look solely to the transferee or assignee, and not to us, for 
the performance of all obligations under this Agreement. 
B.
Your Assignment to Corporation or Limited Liability Company. You (as an 
individual) may assign this Agreement to a corporation or a limited liability company that conducts 
no business other than the Studio (or other SWEAT440® businesses under franchise agreements 
with us), provided: (i) the ownership and management is substantially unchanged; (ii) the Studio 
Manager actively manages the Studio; (iii) you and all Principal Owners of the assignee entity sign 
the Personal Guaranty attached hereto as Exhibit D; (iv) you provide us thirty (30) days’ written 
notice before the proposed date of assignment of this Agreement to the entity; (v) you allow us to 
conduct due diligence on the new entity to ensure it meets our then-current requirements for 
franchisees; (vi) you provide to us a certified copy of the articles of incorporation, operation 
agreement, organizational documents, and a list of all shareholders or members having beneficial 
ownership, reflecting their respective interest in the assignee entity; and (vii) the organizational 
documents and all issued and outstanding stock or membership certificates will bear a legend, in 
form acceptable to us, reflecting or referring to the assignment restrictions stated in Section 14(C) 
below. 
C.
Your Assignment or Sale of All or Substantially All of Your Assets. You understand 
that we have granted the Franchise under this Agreement in reliance upon your individual or 
collective character, aptitude, attitude, business ability, and financial capacity. You (or if you are 
an entity, the Principal Owners) will not transfer (voluntarily or involuntarily), assign, or otherwise 
dispose of, in one or more transactions, your entity or business, the Studio, all or substantially all 
of the assets of your business, the Studio, this Agreement, or any material interest in you (“material 
interest” to include a proposed transfer of twenty percent (20%) or more of the common (voting) 
stock of a corporate you or of the ownership interest in a limited liability company or partnership) 
unless you obtain our prior written consent (except as provided in Section 14(B) above). We will 
not unreasonably withhold our consent to an assignment of this Agreement, provided you are not 
in default under this Agreement and you comply with all of the following conditions: 
i.
The transferee (or the managing Principal Owners, if applicable) submits to 
us any documents we reasonably required to approve the transfer, demonstrates to our 
satisfaction that they meet our managerial, financial, and business standards for new 
SWEAT440® businesses, possesses a good business reputation and credit rating, has the 
aptitude and ability to conduct the franchised business, and is approved by us. You 
understand and agree that we may communicate directly with the transferee during the 
transfer process to respond to inquiries, as well as to insure that the transferee meets our 
qualifications; 
ii.
You have paid us, or the transferee has assumed, any outstanding 
indebtedness you owe us, our affiliates, and any suppliers;
iii.
The transferee signs our then-current franchise agreement and new 
Principal Owners execute our then-current form of personal guaranty;
iv.
Transferee pays us our then-current fee for training the new Operating 
Principal and Studio Manager, and the transferee and the new Studio Manager successfully 
