65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
15 
any goodwill established exclusively benefits us and our affiliates, and that you receive no interest 
in any goodwill related to your use of the Marks, Patents, or the System. You must not, at any time 
during the term of this Agreement or after your termination or expiration, contest or assist any 
other person in contesting the validity or ownership of any of the Marks or Patents. You understand 
and agree that we and our successors and assigns have the right to require you to adopt, at your 
expense, any new trademark, trade name, service mark, or trade dress as we or our successor and 
assigns may designate.  
B.
Limitations on Your Use of the Marks. You agree to use the Marks as the sole 
identification of the Studio, but you must identify yourself as the independent owner in the manner 
we direct. You must not use any Mark as part of any corporate or trade name or in any modified 
form, nor may you use any Mark in selling any unauthorized product or service or in any other 
manner we do not expressly authorize in writing. You agree to display the Marks prominently and 
in the manner we direct on all signs and forms. Subject to our rights described in this Agreement, 
you agree to obtain fictitious or assumed name registrations as may be required under applicable 
law. 
C.
Limitations on Your Use of the Patents. You agree to use any Patents we designate 
to operate the Studio in accordance with the System and Operations Manual. You must not use any 
Patent in any unauthorized way or in any other manner we do not expressly authorize in writing.  
D.
Restrictions on Internet, Website and Social Media Use. We retain the sole right to 
advertise the System on the Internet and to create, operate, maintain, and modify, or discontinue 
the use of, a website or Social Media accounts using the Marks. You have the right to access our 
website and view our Social Media accounts. Except as we may authorize in writing, you will not: 
(1) link or frame our website or Social Media accounts or content; (2) conduct any business or 
offer to sell or advertise memberships, Products, or Services on the Internet (or any other existing 
or future form of electronic communication) including e-mail marketing or other digital marketing; 
(3) create or register any Internet or email domain name in any connection with your franchise, 
the System, or the Marks that we now or hereafter may own or any other name that may be 
confusingly similar; (4) use any e-mail address which we have not authorized for use in operating 
the Studio; (5) engage in any search engine optimization; and (6) conduct any activity on Social 
Media on behalf of the Studio, the System, the Authorized Location, or any Marks.  
E.
Notification of Infringements and Claims. You must notify us immediately in 
writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of any Mark, Patent, or any claim 
by any person of any rights in any Mark, Patent, or any similar trade name, trademark, or service 
mark of which you become aware. You must not communicate with any person other than us and 
our counsel regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim. We or our affiliate may take any 
action we deem appropriate and have the right to exclusively control any litigation or other 
proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim relating to any Mark or Patent. You 
will sign all documents, provide assistance and take all action as we or our affiliate may reasonably 
request to protect and maintain our or our affiliate’s interests in any litigation or other proceeding 
or to otherwise protect and maintain our and our affiliate’s interests in the Marks and any Patents 
and copyrights we license to you. 
