65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
16 
and specifications.  We or our affiliate may be an approved supplier of one or more of the other 
items. 
Computer Hardware, Software, Merchant Services and Communication Services 
You must purchase the computer hardware and software we designate, including any 
proprietary software, as detailed in the Operations Manual (collectively, the “Computer System”).  
Currently, we require you to purchase your opening equipment from certain approved suppliers. 
You must purchase the following required hardware: 7 computers, 2 monitors and 1 iPad.  
Additionally, we require you to purchase the equipment required to provide high-speed internet 
connection at the Studio. 
You must use the SWEAT440® proprietary combination of computer hardware and 
software, iSweat (“the iSweat Platform”), and pay us the monthly Software License Fee, which is 
$695 per month.  See Item 6 for more information.  We currently require you to use FIT Radio for 
music streaming in the Studio (which is currently $147 per Studio per month) and Mariana Tek 
for your customer management system (which is currently part of the monthly Software License 
Fee. The Authorized Supplier and Software License Fee are subject to change immediately upon 
written notice.  You must purchase or license other required software from our Authorized 
Suppliers, and you must pay the required fees directly to the Authorized Suppliers. 
Insurance 
You must purchase and maintain for each Studio you operate, at your expense, the 
following types of insurance: (a) property insurance; (b) business income insurance; 
(c) commercial general liability insurance with at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 
annual aggregate; (d) professional liability insurance; (e) employment practices liability insurance 
with at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 annual aggregate; (f) commercial umbrella 
with coverage of no less than $3,000,000; and (g) workers compensation insurance in the amounts 
required by law.  All insurance policies must name us and our affiliates as additional insureds.  
Advertising and Promotional Approval 
You must use our designated media vendor, currently LeadTeam, to implement our 
recommended “Market Introduction Plan” in conducting the Studio opening campaign and for 
ongoing local marketing.  LeadTeam will provide you with local media planning systems. You 
must use our recommended media plan in promoting the Studio.  You also must use only our 
approved advertising and promotional materials in promoting the Studio.  You also must 
participate in the Call Center and engage our designated vendor, currently Red Valley Staffing, 90 
days prior to opening. 
Supplier and Product Approval 
Aside from those Products and Services and certain other items described above which you 
must purchase from us, our affiliates (if any) or a source we designate, we will provide you with 
lists of approved manufacturers, suppliers and distributors (“Approved Suppliers List”) and 
approved products, other inventory items, fixtures, furniture, equipment, signs, supplies and other 
items or services necessary to operate your Studio (“Approved Supplies List”).  The Approved 
