65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
3 
B.
Rights During Term.  If you: (1) are in full compliance with the conditions contained in 
this Agreement, including the satisfaction of all development obligations as stated in Exhibit B; and (2) are 
in full compliance with all obligations under each franchise agreement entered into between you (or your 
affiliates) and us for individual Studios; then, during the term of this Agreement, we will:  (i) grant 
franchises to you to own and operate Studios located within the Designated Area; and (ii) not operate 
(directly or through an affiliate), nor grant a franchise to a third party to operate, any Studio within the 
Designated Area, except franchises granted to you or your affiliate.  If you fail to comply with the 
Development Schedule, we may terminate this Agreement under Section 14 below.  Upon termination or 
expiration of this Agreement, all protected rights granted in this Section 3(B) will terminate or expire.    
C.
Development Obligations.  During the term of this Agreement, you will honestly and 
diligently perform your obligations and continuously exert your best efforts to promote and enhance the 
development of the Studios within the Designated Area.  You agree to open and continue to operate the 
cumulative number of Studios as required in the Development Schedule. For purposes of these development 
obligations, a Studio will be considered “open and operating” and will be counted toward the satisfaction 
of the Development Schedule if it is open and operating in the Designated Area as of the date stated in the 
Development Schedule and the franchisee is not in default under the applicable Franchise Agreement.  A 
Studio which is permanently closed with our approval after having been open is deemed open and in 
operation for purposes of the Development Schedule if a replacement Studio is open and in operation within 
six (6) months from the date of closing; a replacement Studio does not otherwise count toward the 
development quota set forth in the Development Schedule.   
D.
Extension Fee.  If you cannot comply with the Development Schedule, you may request in 
writing that we approve an extension of up to three (3) months of the time in which you must open a Studio.  
You must pay us a nonrefundable extension fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) when you request an 
extension to the Development Schedule for any Studio.  If we grant such an extension, the extension will 
be limited to the period permitted by us not to exceed three (3) months.  You will not receive more than 
one (1) extension per Studio (whether under this Agreement or the Franchise Agreement governing the 
Studio).   
4.
GRANT
Subject to Section 3 above, we agree to grant franchises to you or your affiliate to operate Studios 
located in the Designated Area under the following conditions: 
A.
Site Report.  You deliver to us a complete site report (containing any information we 
require) for each site at which you propose to establish, develop, and operate a Studio and which you 
reasonably believe to comply with our site selection criteria. The proposed site is subject to our prior written 
acceptance, which will not be unreasonably withheld. We will accept or reject potential Studio locations 
you propose to us by delivering written notice to you within thirty (30) days after we receive your complete 
site evaluation form and other materials we request.  You must obtain our acceptance of a site for the first 
Studio within ninety (90) days from the date of this Agreement.  Our acceptance of any proposed Studio 
site is not a representation or warranty of any kind as to the suitability of the proposed location for a 
SWEAT440® Studio. 
B.
Financial Capability Criteria.  You must meet our standard financial capability criteria.  To 
this end, you must furnish to us financial statements and other information regarding you and the 
development and operation of the proposed Studios (including pro forma statements and investment and 
financing plans for the proposed Studio) as we reasonably require. 
