65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
30 
any time after the date of this Agreement becomes a Principal Owner under the provisions of this 
Section 14 or otherwise will, as a condition of becoming a Principal Owner, sign the Guaranty 
Agreement.  
15.
OUR TERMINATION RIGHTS 
A.
Termination of Franchise Agreement - Grounds. You will be in default, and we may, 
at our option, terminate this Agreement, as provided herein, if: 
i.
you (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal) or the Studio Manager 
fail to satisfactorily complete the initial training program or fail to open and commence full 
operations of the Studio at such time as provided in this Agreement; 
ii.
you or any of your managers, directors, officers or any Principal Owner 
makes a material misrepresentation or omission in the application for the Franchise;
iii.
you or any of your managers, directors, officers or any Principal Owners 
knowingly submits false or misleading reports or information, or otherwise conceals any 
information or revenue from us, during the term of this Agreement; 
iv.
you or any of your managers (including the Studio Manager), directors, 
officers or any Principal Owner is convicted of, or pleads guilty or no contest to, a felony, 
a crime involving moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense, or the government takes 
any action against you, that we believe will injure the System, the Marks, or the goodwill 
associated therewith, or if we have proof that you have committed such a felony, crime, or 
offense;
v.
you or any of your managers fail to operate the Studio in full compliance 
with federal, state and local laws and regulations; 
vi.
you fail to conform to the material requirements of the System or the 
material standards of uniformity and quality as described in the Operations Manual or as 
we have established under the System;
vii.
you fail to pay Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Fees, or any other monetary 
obligations or liabilities due and owing to us or our affiliates, other SWEAT440® 
businesses, Authorized Suppliers or any lender; 
viii.
you voluntarily or otherwise “abandon” the Studio. The term “abandon” 
means your failure to operate the Studio during regular business hours for a period of three 
(3) consecutive days or five (5) or more days in any twelve (12)-month period without our 
prior written consent, unless such failure is due to an event of force majeure as further 
described in Section 19(L) below; 
ix.
you are insolvent within the meaning of any applicable state or federal law;
x.
you make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or enter into any similar 
arrangement for the disposition of your assets for the benefit of creditors;
