65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
F-3 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
To the extent the California Franchise Investment Law, Cal. Corp. Code §§ 31000-31516 
or the California Franchise Relations Act, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §§20000-20043 applies, the 
terms of this Addendum apply. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the 
following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
The Franchise Agreement requires franchisee to execute a general release of claims 
upon renewal or transfer of the franchise agreement.  California Corporations Code 
Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to 
bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of 
that law or any rule or order there under is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of 
your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code 
Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act 
(Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043)). 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Florida.  This 
provision may not be enforceable under California law.   
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide 
rights to the franchisee concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise.  The 
Federal Bankruptcy Code also provides rights to franchisee concerning termination 
of the Franchise Agreement upon certain bankruptcy-related events.  If the 
Franchise Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends 
beyond the termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable 
under California law. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
2. 
Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning 
given them in the Franchise Agreement. 
3. 
Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Franchise Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect. 
