65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
6 
9.  
MANAGEMENT OF BUSINESS 
A.
Regional Manager.  You must designate a Regional Manager who we approve, and who 
will oversee the development and operations of up to five (5) Studios to be developed pursuant to this 
Agreement; provided, if this Agreement is for the development and operations of more than five (5) Studios, 
you must designate additional individuals as a Regional Manager for those applicable locations.  The 
Regional Manager must demonstrate, to our satisfaction, that he/she satisfies our development, managerial, 
and business standards, has the aptitude and ability to develop, operate, and supervise Studios, and must 
comply with any obligations under the Franchise Agreements.  The Regional Manager will oversee the 
operations of up to five (5) Studios developed under this Agreement. The Regional Manager must 
personally invest his or her full time and attention and devote his or her best efforts to the development and 
operation of the Studios to be developed under this Agreement, and may not engage in any other business 
or other activity, directly or indirectly, that requires any significant management responsibility, time 
commitments, or that otherwise may conflict with the Regional Manager’s obligations. You must have a 
Regional Manager at all times for the term of this Agreement, and your failure to have a Regional Manager 
who we approve will constitute as a default under this Agreement.   
B.
Affiliated Entities.  With our prior written approval, you may establish affiliated entities to 
sign each Franchise Agreement and operate each Studio.  Unless we approve otherwise, each Principal 
Owner must own an identical voting and equity interest in any affiliated entity as the Principal Owner owns 
in you.  You must provide us with any information that we reasonably request in connection with any 
affiliated entity.  If you establish one or more affiliated entities pursuant to this Section, you will remain 
liable for all obligations and actions of such affiliated entities under a Franchise Agreement as though you 
executed such Franchise Agreement and agree to execute a Guaranty Agreement or other documents as we 
deem necessary to carry out the intentions of this Section. 
10.  
RECORDS AND REPORTS 
You must furnish to us monthly written reports regarding your progress on the development of 
Studios.  In addition, you must keep accurate financial records and other records relating to the development 
and operation of Studios in the Designated Area.  We may at all reasonable hours examine and make 
photocopies of all such records or request that you deliver, at your expense, such records to us.  All records 
must be kept available for at least seven (7) years after preparation.  
11.  
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES, INDEMNIFICATION 
A.
 Relationship of the Parties.  You and we are independent contractors. Neither party is the 
agent, legal representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venture, or employee of the other. Neither party will 
independently obligate the other to any third parties or represent any right to do so. This Agreement does 
not reflect or create a fiduciary relationship or a relationship of special trust or confidence. You must 
conspicuously identify yourself at the Authorized Location and in all dealings with customers, lessors, 
contractors, suppliers, public officials, and all others as the owner of the Studio under a franchise agreement 
from us, and must place other notices of independent ownership on signs, forms, stationery, advertising and 
other materials, as we require. 
B.
Your Indemnification Obligations.  You agree to indemnify and hold us and our 
subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, members, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless against, 
and to reimburse us or them for any loss, liability, or damages arising out of or relating to your development, 
ownership, or operation of the Studio, and all reasonable costs of defending any claim brought against us 
or any of them or any action in which us or any of them is named as a party (including reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and interest) unless the loss, liability, damage or cost is solely due to our gross negligence or willful 
