65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
32 
evidence thereof to us. If you fail to correct the alleged default within that time, this 
Agreement will terminate without further notice to you, effective immediately when the 
seventy-two (72) hour period expires, or such longer period as applicable law may require. 
iii.
You will have the earlier of five (5) days after your receipt from us of a 
written notice, or thirty (30) days from the date such payment was due, to remedy any 
default under item (vii) under Section 15(A) above, and to provide evidence thereof to us. 
If you fail to correct the alleged default within that time, this Agreement will terminate 
without further notice to you, effective immediately when the earlier of the five (5) day or 
thirty (30) day period expires, or such longer period as applicable law may require.  
iv.
You will have ten (10) days after your receipt from us of a written notice, to 
remedy any default under item (xii) under Section 15(A) above, and to provide evidence 
thereof to us. If you fail to correct the alleged default within that time, this Agreement will 
terminate without further notice to you, effective immediately when the ten (10) day period 
expires, or such longer period as applicable law may require.  
v.
We may terminate this Agreement immediately after your receipt from us 
of a written notice, with no opportunity to cure, if the termination results from any of the 
following: (a) you fail to comply with one or more material requirements of this Agreement 
on three (3) separate occasions within any twelve (12) month period; (b) the nature of your 
breach makes it not curable; (c) you willfully and repeatedly deceive customers relative to 
the source, nature or quality of goods sold; or (d) any default under items (ii), (iv), (viii), 
(ix), (x), (xi), (xiii), (xiv), (xvi), (xvii), (xviii), (xix), and (xx) of Section 15(A) above.  
C.
Cross Default. Any default or breach by you, your affiliates and/or any guarantor 
of yours of any other agreement between us or our affiliates and you and/or such other parties will 
be deemed a default under this Agreement, and any default or breach of this Agreement by you 
and/or such other parties will be deemed a default or breach under any and all such other 
agreements between us or our affiliates and you, your affiliates and/or any guarantor of yours. If 
the nature of the default under any other agreement would have permitted us (or our affiliate) to 
terminate this Agreement if the default had occurred under this Agreement, then we will have the 
right to terminate all such other agreements in the same manner provided for in this Agreement for 
termination hereof. Your “affiliates” means any persons or entities controlling, controlled by, or 
under common control with you. 
D.
Applicable Law. If the provisions of this Section 15 are inconsistent with applicable 
law, the applicable law will apply.  
16.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION 
A.
Post-Term Duties. If this Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason you 
will: 
i.
immediately cease operation of the Studio and using the Marks, Patents and 
Flex-Time Process, as well as any confusingly similar trademarks or service marks, 
including immediately ceasing to participate in any website or Social Media programs; 
