65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
1 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, 
PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we” means Sweat440 Franchise 
Systems, LLC, the franchisor.  “You” means the person who buys the franchise.  If a corporation, 
partnership, or limited liability company buys a franchise, “you” also may refer to the shareholders 
of the corporation, partners of the partnership, or members of the limited liability company. 
The Franchisor 
We are a Florida limited liability company formed in November 2018.  Our principal place 
of business is at 1919 Purdy Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida 33139, and our telephone number is 
888-507-9328.  Our agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit E. 
Our Business Experience 
We sell franchises under the name “SWEAT440” (the “Studio”) for the operation of 
membership-based fitness studios that combine the motivational mindset of small group training 
with the convenience of workout times that best suit each individual.  We have offered franchises 
for SWEAT440® Studios since July 2019. 
The SWEAT440® Studio concept was created in 2018 by Brickhouse Athletics, LLC, our 
predecessor and parent company (“Parent”).  Our Parent shares our principal business address.  
Through various affiliated entities, Parent owns and operates two SWEAT440® Studios, all in 
Florida.  The businesses owned and operated by our Parent are substantially similar to the Studio.  
The affiliated entities do not offer franchises nor provide products or services to the SWEAT440® 
franchisees.  
In January 2024, our Parent acquired a majority interest in Lead Team, LLC (“LeadTeam”) 
and LeadTeam is now our affiliate.  You must use LeadTeam in developing your approved Studio 
advertising and promotional activities in your local geographic area for local advertising and 
Studio promotion, and for local digital marketing management.  LeadTeam shares our principal 
business address. 
Except as described above, neither we, Parent, nor LeadTeam have offered franchises in 
any other line of business.  Other than as described, we have no affiliates, predecessors or parents 
that are required to be disclosed in this Item 1.   
Franchise Offered  
SWEAT440® Studios offer 40-minute workout classes that incorporate a combination of 
mobility training, cross-training, strength training, and HIIT (high-intensity interval training) 
aimed to burn fat, boost metabolism, and make both beginners and experienced fitness enthusiasts 
sweat.  There are four stations at each Studio, and clients spend ten minutes at each station to 
complete their 40-minute workout.  Additional clients can join every ten minutes providing added 
convenience to clients with busy schedules by eliminating the need to arrive at a specific time.  
Your customers will be members of your Studio. 
