65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
F-9 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
To the extent the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, Md. Code Bus. 
Reg. §§14-201 – 14-233 applies, the terms of this Addendum apply. 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the 
following, such provisions are hereby amended: 
All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel 
or waiver of liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or 
waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law. 
Nothing in the Franchise Agreement prevents the franchisee from bringing a 
lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law. 
Nothing in the Franchise Agreement operates to reduce the 3-year statute of 
limitations afforded to a franchisee for bringing a claim arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  Further, any claims arising under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 
years after the grant of the franchise. 
The Federal Bankruptcy laws may not allow the enforcement of the provisions for 
termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
2. 
Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning 
given them in the Franchise Agreement. 
3. 
Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Franchise Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect. 
This Addendum is being entered into in connection with the Franchise Agreement.  In the 
event of any conflict between this Addendum and the Franchise Agreement, the terms and 
conditions of this Addendum shall apply. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date 
Franchisor signs below. 
