65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
17 
Suppliers List may specify the specific manufacturer of a specific product or piece of equipment 
and you can purchase those products only from a source identified on the Approved Suppliers List.  
We, an affiliate or a third-party vendor or supplier periodically may be the only approved supplier 
for certain products.  The lists specify the suppliers and the products and services, which we have 
approved for use in the System.  We may revise these lists and provide you with a copy of approved 
lists as we deem advisable.   
If you want to use any unapproved product, material, fixture, equipment, sign or other item, 
or purchase any items from any supplier that we have not approved, you must first notify us in 
writing and must submit to us, at our request and at your expense, sufficient specifications, 
photographs, drawings, samples, or other information for us to determine whether the product, 
services, material, fixture, equipment, sign, or other item complies with our specifications, or the 
supplier meets our approved supplier criteria.  We will notify you of our decision within a 
reasonable time following our receipt of all information requested.  You will pay us any costs and 
expenses, including travel, lodging and compensation, we incur in inspecting, evaluating, 
reviewing, and/or testing your proposed brand and/or supplier.  We may re-inspect the facilities 
and products of any supplier or approved item, and we may revoke our approval of any item or 
supplier, which fails to continue to meet any of our criteria.  We will send written notice of any 
revocation of an approved supplier or supply.  As part of the approval process, we may require 
that a proposed supplier sign a supplier agreement covering such items as insurance, product 
quality, trademark use, and indemnification.  We do not provide material benefits to you based on 
your use of designated or approved sources of supply. 
We apply certain general criteria in approving a proposed supplier, including the supplier’s 
quality and pricing of products, ability to provide products/services that meet our specifications, 
responsiveness, ability to provide products/services within the parameters required by the System, 
quickness to market with new items, financial stability, credit program for franchisees, freight 
costs, and the ability to provide support to the System (merchandising, field assistance, education 
and training respecting sales and use of products and services).  
We will notify you in writing if we elect to revoke our approval of a supplier.  If we revoke 
our approval of a supplier, you will have 30 days to stop offering, selling or using those products 
or other items or services in your Studio. 
One or more of our officers has an interest in us, our Parent and LeadTeam.  No officer 
owns a material interest in any other supplier. 
During our last fiscal year, which ran from November 1, 2023 until December 31, 2024, 
we received $26,556 as a result of franchisees’ purchases of products or services.  The revenue 
that we received was less than 2% of our total revenue of $1,360,392.  During its last fiscal year, 
which ended December 31, 2024, LeadTeam received $391,235 as a result of franchisees’ 
purchases of products or services.   
