65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
20 
Site Selection.  If you already have a potential site for a Studio, you may propose the 
location to us.  We may consent to the site after we have independently evaluated it.  The site for 
the Studio will be identified in Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement.  We will provide you with 
our general site selection and evaluation criteria.  You are solely responsible, however, for locating 
and obtaining a site which meets our standards and criteria and that is acceptable to us. If you do 
not have an Authorized Location for the Studio at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement, the 
Authorized Location must be identified and approved by us in writing and a lease must be signed 
within 180 days after the date of the Franchise Agreement.  If you fail to find an Authorized 
Location, if you fail to find an Authorized Location of which we approve, or if you fail to sign a 
lease for the Authorized Location within 180 days of signing the Franchise Agreement, we may 
terminate the Franchise Agreement. 
You must submit to us the information we require related to the proposed site.  The general 
site and evaluation criteria which you should consider include demographic characteristics of the 
proposed location, traffic patterns, parking, the predominant character of the neighborhood, the 
proximity to other businesses (including other SWEAT440® Studios), and other commercial 
characteristics, and the proposed location, size of premises, appearance and other physical 
characteristics.  We will notify you in writing within 30 days after we receive your complete site 
report and other materials we request whether the proposed site satisfies our site selection criteria.  
Our review of a site for the Studio does not represent any recommendation or guarantee as to the 
success of the proposed site. 
If you request an on-site visits to the Studio, and we agree to provide additional visits, we 
will charge you the travel, lodging, accommodations, compensation, and other reasonable 
expenses we incur, which we currently estimate to cost between $500 and $1,000. 
You are solely responsible for ensuring that the plans and specifications comply with the 
Americans With Disabilities Act and all other applicable federal, state and local laws, ordinances, 
building code and permit requirements and lease requirements and restrictions.  You must engage 
a qualified project manager we designate to supervise the construction, build-out, or remodeling 
of the Studio location. 
Development Time.  The typical length of time between our acceptance of the Franchise 
Agreement and the opening of your Studio varies from 5 to 12 months.  This period may be longer 
or shorter, depending on the time of year, availability of financing, local construction delays, how 
soon you can attend training or other factors.  You must complete development and open your 
Studio within the time period stated in your Franchise Agreement, which generally will be 300 
days after you sign the Franchise Agreement.  You must meet or exceed the pre-opening sales 
requirements we determine, as provided in the Operations Manual, before we will grant to you our 
approval that you may open your Studio.  
Ongoing Assistance.  During the operation of your Studio, we will: 
(1)
Make available on-site opening support to assist you in the opening and initial operations 
of your Studio for up to 5 days, at our discretion (Franchise Agreement – Section 6(E)). 
