65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
F-11 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
To the extent the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§80C.01 – 80C.22 applies, the 
terms of this Addendum apply. 
State Cover Page and Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation 
to be conducted outside of Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial or requiring the 
franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In 
addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document shall abrogate or reduce any of your rights 
as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies 
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
Franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief.  The franchisor may 
seek injunctive relief.  A court will determine if a bond is required. 
Item 5, Additional Disclosure:  
Payment of the initial franchise fee is deferred until such time as franchisee is open for 
business.  
Item 6, Additional Disclosure: 
NSF checks are governed by Minn. Stat. 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 on service 
charges.   
Item 13, Additional Disclosures: 
The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that a franchisor indemnify Minnesota 
Franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties that the 
franchisee’s use of the franchisor’s trademark infringes upon the trademark rights of the 
third party.  The franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of a franchisee’s 
use of a franchisor’s trademark except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise 
agreement, and as the condition to an indemnification, the franchisee must provide notice 
to the franchisor of any such claim immediately and tender the defense of the claim to the 
franchisor.  If the franchisor accepts tender of defense, the franchisor has the right to 
manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise 
resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim. 
Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
Any condition, stipulation or provision, including any choice of law provision, purporting 
to bind any person who, at the time of acquiring a franchise is a resident of the State of 
Minnesota or in the case of a partnership or corporation, organized or incorporated under 
the laws of the State of Minnesota, or purporting to bind a person acquiring any franchise 
to be operated in the State of Minnesota to waive compliance or which has the effect of 
waiving compliance with any provision of the Minnesota Franchise Law is void.  
