65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
28 
complete the pre-training and initial training programs required of new SWEAT440® 
businesses;
v.
If required, the lessor of the Authorized Location consents to your 
assignment or sublease of the Authorized Location to the transferee;
vi.
Transferee pays us a transfer fee equal to twenty five percent (25%) of our 
then-current initial franchise fee applicable to new Sweat440® businesses, plus any costs 
we incur; 
vii.
You (or if you are an entity, the Principal Owners) sign a general release of 
claims, in a form satisfactory to us, against us and our affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees, and agents, except to the extent limited or prohibited by applicable law; and
viii.
The assignment or sale of assets cannot permit you to retain a security 
interest, or any other intangible asset, in this Agreement.  
In connection with any proposed transfer of the Franchise, we may also consider the 
financial impact that a transfer of the Franchise may have on us, including a potential increase or 
decrease in the net effective Royalty Fee rate paid to us. We may require adjustments to the 
Agreement to account for or eliminate any financial impact to us as a condition of our approval. 
We may expand upon, and provide more details related to, the conditions for transfer and our 
consent as described in this Section 14(C), and may do so in the Operations Manual or otherwise 
in writing. 
D.
Death; Disability or Termination. If the Studio Manager dies, is permanently 
disabled, or their role as Studio Manager is terminated, you (or if you were the Studio Manager, 
your executor, administrator or other personal representative) must appoint a competent Studio 
Manager acceptable to us within a reasonable time, not to exceed thirty (30) days, from the date 
of death, permanent disability or termination. The appointed Studio Manager must promptly and 
satisfactorily complete our designated training program. If an approved Studio Manager is not 
appointed within thirty (30) days after the Studio Manager’s death, permanent disability or 
termination, we may, but are not required to, immediately appoint a Studio Manager to maintain 
Studio operations on your behalf until an approved assignee can assume the management and 
operation of the Studio. If we appoint a Studio Manager to maintain the Studio operations on your 
behalf, you must pay us the greater of (i) two thousand dollars ($2,000) per week, or (ii) twenty 
percent (20%) of Gross Sales for the weeks the appointed Studio Manager maintains the Studio 
operations on your behalf. Our appointment of a Studio Manager does not relieve you of your 
obligations, and we will not be liable for any debts, losses, costs, or expenses you incur in operating 
the Studio or to any creditor of yours for any products, materials, supplies merchandise, or services 
purchased by the Studio while it is managed by our appointed manager. We may cease to provide 
management services at any time. 
If you (or if you are an entity, the Operating Principal) die or are permanently disabled, as 
reasonably verified by us, your executor, administrator, or other personal representative must 
transfer your interest within six (6) months from the date of death or permanent disability to a 
person we approve. Such transfers, including transfers by devise or inheritance, will be subject to 
