65559311v2 
SWEAT440® MUD 2025 
11 
iii.
You do not have a Regional Manager overseeing the development and operations 
of Studios pursuant to this Agreement for thirty (30) days or longer;  
iv.
You (or any Principal Owner) make an unauthorized assignment or transfer of this 
Agreement or an ownership interest in you;  
v.
You (or any Principal Owner) makes a material misrepresentation or omission in 
your application for the development rights conferred by this Agreement; 
vi.
You (or any Principal Owner) are convicted of, or plead guilty or no contest to a 
felony, a crime involving moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense that we 
believe will injure the System, the Marks, or the goodwill associated therewith, or 
if we have proof that you have committed such a felony, crime, or offense; 
vii.
You (or any Principal Owner) make unauthorized use, disclosure, or duplication 
of any portion of the Operations Manual (as defined in the first Franchise 
Agreement signed in accordance with this Agreement) or any other Confidential 
Information we provide to you under this Agreement; 
viii.
You become insolvent, make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admit 
you cannot pay your obligations as they become due; 
ix.
You (or any Principal Owner) materially misuse or make unauthorized use of any 
Marks, or commit any act which can reasonably be expected to materially impair 
or otherwise is prejudicial to the goodwill associated with any Marks; 
x.
You develop or use an unapproved website or Social Media in connection with any 
Studio, or otherwise conduct unauthorized activity on the Internet in violation of 
Section 8(D) above;  
xi.
You violate a provision of this Agreement which is not curable; or  
xii.
Any franchise agreement you (or any of your affiliates) and we are party to in 
accordance with this Agreement is terminated for any reason.  
C.
Rights to Studios on Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement, you have no right 
to establish or operate a Studio for which a Franchise Agreement has not been executed by us and delivered 
to you at the time of termination. We may establish, and license others to establish, SWEAT440® locations 
in the Designated Area, except as may be otherwise provided under any other agreement which has been 
executed between you and us.   
D.
Cross Default.  Any default or breach by you, your affiliates and/or any guarantor of yours 
of any other agreement between us or our affiliates and you and/or such other parties will be deemed a 
default under this Agreement. Your “affiliates” means any persons or entities controlling, controlled by, or 
under common control with you.  
E.
Applicable Laws.  To the extent the provisions of this Section 14 respecting permissible 
grounds, cure rights or minimum periods of notice for termination of the franchise are inconsistent with 
applicable law, the applicable law will supersede such provision of this Agreement.   
