65554583v4 
Sweat440 Franchise Agreement 2025 
18 
have approved as being suitable for use and meeting the standards of quality and uniformity for 
the System and are purchased from Authorized Suppliers (which may include us and/or our 
affiliates). We may periodically modify the lists of Authorized Suppliers. If you propose to offer 
for sale or use in operating the Studio any products, supplies, merchandise, and equipment which 
we have not approved, then you must first notify us in writing and provide sufficient information, 
specifications and samples concerning the brand and/or supplier to permit us to determine whether 
the brand complies with our specifications and standards and/or the supplier meets our approved 
supplier criteria. You will pay us any costs and expenses, including travel, lodging and 
compensation, we incur in inspecting, evaluating, reviewing, and/or testing your proposed brand 
and/or supplier. We will notify you within a reasonable time whether the proposed brand and/or 
supplier are approved. We may develop procedures for the submission of request for approved 
brands or suppliers and obligations that approved suppliers must assume (which may be 
incorporated in a written agreement to be signed by the approved supplier). We may impose limits 
on the number of suppliers and/or brands for any supplies, items, merchandise, or equipment sold 
or used in the Studio or otherwise related to the Franchise, and we may require that you use only 
one supplier for any supplies, items, merchandise, or equipment. You agree that certain materials, 
equipment, merchandise, supplies, and other items and supplies may only be available from one 
Authorized Supplier, and we or our affiliates may be that Authorized Supplier. WE AND OUR 
AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTY AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, RESPECTING PRODUCTS, EQUIPMENT (INCLUDING ANY 
REQUIRED COMPUTER SYSTEMS), SUPPLIES, FIXTURES, FURNISHINGS OR OTHER 
ITEMS THAT ARE MANUFACTURED OR DISTRIBUTED BY THIRD PARTIES AND THAT 
WE APPROVE FOR USE IN THE SYSTEM. 
G.
Health and Sanitation. You must comply with all applicable governmental health 
and sanitary standards in operating and maintaining your Studio and with any higher standards that 
we prescribe. In addition to complying with such standards, if the Studio will be subject to any 
governmental sanitary or health inspection under which it may be rated in one or more than one 
classification, the Studio will be maintained and operated so as to be rated in the highest available 
health and sanitary classification respecting each such inspection. If you fail to be rated in the 
highest classification or receive any notice that you are not in compliance with all applicable health 
and sanitary standards, you will immediately notify us of such failure or noncompliance. In such 
event and in addition to all other rights and remedies we have, you will take all immediate action 
we direct to remedy the situation. 
H.
Period of Operation. Subject to any contrary requirements of local law, your Studio 
must be opened to the public and operated during the hours and days as detailed in the Operations 
Manual. Any variance from this provision must be authorized by us in writing. You acknowledge 
and agree that if your Studio is closed for a period of three (3) consecutive days or five (5) or more 
days in any twelve (12)-month period without our prior written consent, unless such failure is due 
to an event of force majeure as further described in Section 19(L) below, such closure constitutes 
your voluntary abandonment of the Franchise and Studio and we have the right, in addition to other 
remedies provided for herein, to terminate this Agreement. 
