65530582v6 
Sweat440 FDD 2025
2 
If you are an individual unit franchisee, the SWEAT440® Franchise Agreement will grant 
to you the right to use our trademark, formats, designs, methods, specifications, standards, and 
operating and marketing procedures (“System”) in a single SWEAT440® location.  You will 
operate your Studio under the service mark and trade name “Sweat440” and other trade names, 
trademarks and service marks that we specify or designate for use in connection with our System, 
as we may modify.  Our System includes standards, policies, and procedures for layout, equipment, 
operations, merchandise procurement and inventory, training, membership sales, customer service, 
maintaining quality and consistency of service offering, IT and software systems, assistance with 
advertising, promotion, public relations, social media.  We may change, improve and further 
develop the System over time. 
If you are a multi-unit franchisee, you are provided an agreed upon geographic area (the 
“Designated Area”) in which you will be required to open and operate an agreed number of 
SWEAT440® Studios according to a designated timetable under a multi-unit development 
agreement (the “Multi-Unit Development Agreement”).  Before signing the Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement, we will agree with you on the Designated Area, the number of Studios, 
and a timetable for opening each Studio.  You will sign our then-current Franchise Agreement for 
each Studio developed under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement.  A copy of the Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement is attached as Exhibit C. 
Market, Competition 
The market for fitness and exercise concepts is well established.  Your Studio will compete 
with other fitness and exercise businesses, some of which may offer the same or similar programs 
and classes to those offered by SWEAT440®.  These competitors may range from franchise 
systems, independents, chains, and other businesses offering similar programs and classes.  In 
addition, many of these competitors may have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources 
and they may already be well established in your market.  The ability of each SWEAT440® Studio 
to compete depends on the market, household income levels, availability of qualified trainers to 
teach classes, employee selection and training, customer service, overhead costs, changing local 
market and economic conditions, and many other factors both within and outside your or our 
control. We do not expect there to be any material seasonal variations in the market.  
Laws and Regulations  
We are not aware of any laws or regulations applicable to a SWEAT440® Studio that would 
not apply generally to fitness and exercise businesses.  As a SWEAT440® franchisee you are 
responsible to ensure your compliance with all applicable federal, state, county or local laws and 
regulations, which apply generally to the fitness and exercise industry including health, smoking 
restrictions, non-discrimination, employment, sexual harassment and advertising laws.  In 
addition, many states and municipalities have laws and regulations that apply to membership 
contracts, including requiring specific provision in the contract, limiting the length of the contract, 
and termination rights.  There may be other laws and regulations applicable to businesses generally 
with which you must comply.  You should consult with your attorney or other professionals 
regarding these and other laws and regulations that may affect the operation of a SWEAT440® 
Studio before you sign a Franchise Agreement.  You must obtain all applicable permits and 
