STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM
AS
REQUIRED BY
THE MARYLAND FRANCHISE REGISTRATION
AND DISCLOSURE LAW
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC Franchise
Disclosure Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Anytime Fitness franchises
sold to residents in the state of Maryland:
1.
On the basis of the financial information submitted by the Franchisor to the Maryland
Securities Division, the Division has required and the Franchisor has posted a surety bond, which surety
bond is on file with the Maryland Securities Division to secure the Franchisor’s pre-opening obligations to
Maryland Franchisees.
2.

Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended as follows:
“Termination for bankruptcy filing may not be enforceable under the
United States Bankruptcy Act, but we intend to enforce it to the extent
enforceable.”

3.
Items 17(c) and 17(m) are revised to provide that, under COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the
general release required as a condition to renewal, sale or consent to assignment/transfer shall not apply to
any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
4.

Item 17(v) and (w) are modified by the insertion of the following:
“Any Franchisee may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.”

5.
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must
be brought within three years after the grant of the franchise.
6.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
7.
Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent that, with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Addendum.

FDD

MD G-1

