Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
assets is recorded as goodwill. This allocation process requires use of estimates and assumptions,
including estimates of future cash flows to be generated by the acquired assets. The Company
applies the business combination guidance for acquisitions which meet the definition of a business
in accordance with the revised guidance in ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations, which clarifies
the definition of a business.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in
business combinations accounted for under the acquisition method. On January 1, 2024, the
Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-02, Accounting for
Goodwill, which allows entities to elect to amortize goodwill on an entity-wide or a reporting unit
level over 10 years, or a shorter period if determined that another useful life is more appropriate.
Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted to $14.
The Company is required to test goodwill for impairment only when a triggering event occurs that
indicates the fair value of the Company may be below its carrying amount. Factors that could
trigger an impairment test include, but are not limited to, underperformance relative to historical or
projected future operating results, significant change in the manner of use of the acquired assets,
or the Company’s overall business and significant negative industry or economic trends. No
triggering events were identified in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The Company paid and capitalized fees for the development of trademarks. These trademarks are
amortized on the straight-line method over fifteen years. Trademarks acquired in a business
combination are determined to have indefinite lives, therefore the Company does not amortize, but
tests them annually for impairment. Franchise rights are amortized on a straight-line method over
the remaining term of the franchise agreement. Noncompete agreements are amortized on a
straight-line method over three years.
The Company incurs costs related to internally developed software. Generally accepted
accounting principles authorize software to be capitalized once technical feasibility has been
established. Technical feasibility is established when the developer completes all the planning,
designing, coding, and testing activities necessary to determine that the product can be produced
according to its design specifications. These costs are amortized on the straight-line method over
three years.
The Company accounts for cloud computing arrangements (arrangements that include software as
a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and other similar hosting
arrangements) that contain a software license element as software costs. As such, these costs are
amortized as internally developed software on the straight-line method over three years.
The Company reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of
the carrying amount of an asset to future forecasted net undiscounted cash flows expected to be
generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending upon the nature of the assets. No such
impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.

11

