Nothing in this Section will be construed as prohibiting your interests from being pledged as
security to an institutional lender who has provided financing to or for your Anytime Fitness Center,
provided the institutional lender accepts such security interest subject to our conditions.
C.
Acknowledgement of Restrictions. You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions
imposed on transfers are reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill associated with the System and
the Marks, as well as our reputation and image, and are for the protection of us, you, and all other franchisees
that own and operate Anytime Fitness centers.
14.

OUR TERMINATION RIGHTS

A.
Without Notice. You will be in default and we may, at our option, terminate this
Agreement, without affording you any opportunity to cure the default, effective upon delivery of notice of
termination to you, following the occurrence of any of the following events:
1.

you are liquidated or dissolved;

2.
your Anytime Fitness Center is not constructed strictly according to the plans we
have approved and you do not remedy the deficiencies within thirty (30) days after notice from us;
3.
you fail to operate for seven (7) consecutive days (unless prevented from doing so
by fire, flood, or acts of nature), or otherwise abandon your Anytime Fitness Center, or forfeit the right to
do or transact business in the jurisdiction where your Anytime Fitness Center is located, or lose the right to
possession of the premises in which your Anytime Fitness Center operates;
4.

you or any of your owners make an unauthorized Transfer under this Agreement;

5.
you or any of your owners are proven to have engaged in fraudulent conduct, or
are convicted of, or plead guilty or no contest to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, or any other
crime or offense that we believe is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the System, the Marks or
the goodwill associated therewith;
6.
you are given three (3) or more notices of being in material violation of any of the
terms or requirements of this Agreement within any twelve (12) month period, whether or not such defaults
are timely cured after notice;
7.
you misuse or make any unauthorized use of the Marks and do not cease such
misuse or unauthorized use within twenty-four (24) hours’ notice from us;
8.
you maintain false books or records or submit any false or misleading application,
statement or report to us, whether in applying for the franchise or during the term of this Agreement;
9.
you withhold our access to accounting and financial systems or data, revoke any
electronic-funds transfer or direct debt authorization granted to us or our affiliates, or initiate any stop
payments against us or our affiliates;
10.
you fail to open the Anytime Fitness Center for business to the general public by
the Required Opening Date in the Rider to this Agreement;
11.
you, by act or omission, materially impair the value of, or the goodwill associated
with, any of the Marks or the System; or

27

