Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
Franchise royalties, consumer fitness, health, and wellness application fees, and advertising fund
contributions are collected as defined in the terms of the franchise agreements. Under the
Company’s franchise agreements, advertising fund contributions paid by franchisees must be spent
on advertising, marketing, and related activities. Initial, ADA, master, and renewal franchise fees
are payable by the franchisee upon signing a new franchise agreement, and transfer fees are paid
to the Company when one franchisee transfers a franchise agreement to a different franchisee.
Vendor Rebates
The Company recognizes vendor rebate income from franchisees’ use of certain preferred vendor
arrangements. Vendor rebates are recognized when franchisees purchase services or equipment
from preferred vendors and the collectability from the vendor is reasonably assured.
Corporate-Owned Fitness Center Sales
Members are offered multiple membership choices varying in length. Membership dues are earned
and recognized over the membership term on a straight-line basis. Personal training and class
package revenue is recognized at the time the service is performed or class used, respectively.
Revenue from prepayments of personal training or packages of sessions are deferred until the
sessions are used or expire. Corporate-owned fitness center sales is included within sales on the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Sales
The Company sells fitness equipment, studio supplies, retail products, and technology hardware
purchased from third party manufacturers to franchisees and consumers.
For fitness equipment and managed technology and security equipment sales, revenue is
recognized upon transfer of control of ordered items, generally upon delivery to the customer and
assembly or installation of the equipment in the club or studio location. Franchisees are also
charged for all freight and installation costs incurred for the delivery and installation of equipment.
Freight and installation revenue is recorded within sales and freight and installation costs are
recorded within cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
For studio supplies, retail products, and technology hardware sales, revenue is generally
recognized upon shipment, when legal title is transferred. The Company offers a warranty on
certain technology hardware for defective items.
Technology Fees
Technology fees are for software licenses and other technology provided to clubs and studios.
Technology fees cover the development or purchase of software licenses or sublicenses that
franchisees must use in the operation of their club or studio. Technology fee revenue is billed and
recognized monthly when services are rendered. Technology fees are recorded within franchise
royalties on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Other Revenues
Other revenue consists of contracts with customers for use of the Company’s trademarks and
intellectual property rights, health insurance reimbursement processing fees, training and coaching
fees, online membership fees, and optional local advertising which is separate from the advertising
fund described below. Other revenue is recognized monthly when the Company bills the
franchisee or when services are rendered.

13

