F.
Venue. We and you (and your owners and guarantors if applicable) each agree that if
litigation is permitted under this Agreement, the sole forum for litigation arising under this Agreement, or
any aspect of the relationship between us (even if additional parties are named as parties to that litigation)
will be the state or federal courts of Minnesota. Those actions must be exclusively venued either in the
District Courts of Minnesota, County of Ramsey, or the United State District Court for the District of
Minnesota. You and we each waive any objection you or we may have to either the jurisdiction or the
venue of such court (except to the extent jurisdiction is preempted by the arbitration provisions of this
Agreement), and you and we each consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in such court. However, if
we are permitted to seek injunctive relief under this Agreement, we may, at our option, bring that action in
the county in which your Anytime Fitness Center is located.
G.
Jury Waiver. YOU AND WE EACH WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. This
waiver applies to all causes of action that are or might be included in any such action, including claims
related to the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, allegations of state or federal statutory
violations, fraud, misrepresentation or similar causes of action and it applies even if persons that are not a
party to this Agreement are named as additional parties in the proceeding.
H.
Waiver of Collateral Estoppel. The parties agree they should each be able to settle,
mediate, litigate, arbitrate, or compromise disputes in which they are involved with third parties, without
having those disputes directly affect the contract or relationship between us. We and you therefore each
agree that a decision of an arbitrator or court of law to which one of us is not a party will not prevent the
person that was a party to such action from making similar arguments, or taking similar positions, in any
action between us. You and we therefore each waive the right to assert that principles of collateral estoppel
prevent either you or us from raising any claim or defense in an action between us if either you or we lost
a similar claim or defense in another action.
I.
No Affiliate Liability. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator,
member, partner, stockholder, subsidiary, affiliate, controlling party, entity under common control,
ownership or management, vendor, service provider, agent, attorney or representative of ours or of any of
our affiliates will have any liability for (i) any obligations or liabilities we have relating to or arising from
this Agreement, or (ii) any claim against us based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement. This provision will not, however, affect any right, duty or obligation of
ours or yours, or of any guarantor of your obligations.
19.

RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL

If, at any time during the Term of this Agreement, you receive a bona fide offer to purchase or lease your
Anytime Fitness Center (or if you are a company, partnership or other entity, the equity ownership of you),
which offer you are willing to accept, you will communicate in writing to us the full terms of the offer and
the name of the offeror. We may elect to purchase or lease the business on the terms set forth in the offer.
If we elect to purchase or lease the business, we will give you written notice of the election within thirty
(30) days after we receive your communication of the offer. If we fail to give written notice of election
within thirty (30) days, you may sell or lease to the offeror on the terms offered, subject to the provisions
relating to assignment. The sale or lease must, however, be completed within sixty (60) days of the
termination of the thirty (30) day period during which we may give written notice of election to purchase
or lease; otherwise, an additional notice must be given to us and an additional option period must expire
prior to any such transfer. If we elect to purchase or lease the business, we will have the right to substitute
equivalent cash for any non-cash consideration included in the bona fide offer to purchase or lease the
business and we and you will use our best efforts to complete the purchase or lease within sixty (60) days
from the date of our notice of election to purchase or lease.

36

