Service Agreement
Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (the “TCPA”) adopted rules, including those set forth in 47 C.F.R. Sect. 64.1200, (together with the
TCPA, the “TCPA Rules”), prohibiting the initiation of telephone calls and SMS/texts (other than a call made for emergency purposes
or made with the prior express consent of the called party) using automatic telephone dialing systems or an artificial or prerecorded
voice to telephone numbers assigned to a paging service, cellular telephone service, specialized mobile radio service, or other radio
common carrier service, or any service for which the called party is charged for the call (referred to herein as “TCPA Prohibited
Conduct”); and (viii) not attempt to modify, copy, adapt, reproduce, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any computer
programs used to deliver the Licensed System or to operate the Website except as is strictly necessary to use either of them for
normal operation.
5.2
TSI Obligations. TSI shall: (i) provide Our basic support for the Licensed System to You at no additional charge, (ii) use
commercially reasonable efforts to make the Licensed System available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (a) planned
downtime (of which We shall give at least 8 hours notice via the Licensed System and which We shall schedule to the extent practicable
during the weekend hours from 9:00 p.m. Friday to 6:00 a.m. Monday Eastern Time), or (b) any unavailability caused by circumstances
beyond Our reasonable control, including without limitation, acts of God, acts of government, floods, fires, earthquakes, civil unrest,
acts of terror, strikes or other labor problems (other than those involving Our employees), Internet service provider failures or delays,
or denial of service attacks, and (iii) provide the Licensed System only in accordance with applicable laws and government regulations.
6.
PAYMENT AND FEES.
6.1
Consolidated Technology Fee. In consideration for the Licensed Services contemplated in the AF Agreement, Anytime
Fitness shall pay to TSI the applicable subscription fees for Client upon the rates and terms set forth in the AF Agreement, and You
shall remit to Anytime Fitness the Technology Solutions Fee and other applicable fees in accordance with your agreement(s) with
Anytime Fitness.
6.2.
Additional Fees. If Client elects additional modules or features outside the scope of the Licensed Services contemplated in
the AF Agreement, it shall pay TSI directly for the fees associated with such additional modules or features, pursuant to the terms of
the applicable Order Form.
6.3
Suspension of Service and Acceleration. If any amount owing under this Agreement is 30 or more days overdue, We may,
without limiting Our other rights and remedies, suspend Your Access to the Licensed System until such amounts are paid in full.
7.
WARRANTY & DISCLAIMERS.
7.1. Our Warranties. We warrant that (i) We have validly entered into this Agreement and have the legal power to do so, (ii) the
Licensed System shall perform materially in accordance with the documentation provided; (iii) the functionality of the Licensed System
will not be materially decreased during a subscription term, (iv) We will not transmit Malicious Code to You, provided it is not a breach
of this subpart if You or a User uploads a file containing Malicious Code into the Licensed System and later downloads that file
containing Malicious Code, and (v) We own all rights, title, and interest in and to the Licensed System, or that in the case of any third
party software that We have the right to grant a sublicense to use such third party software. TSI further warrants that any Services
provided by TSI under this Agreement shall be performed in workmanlike manner and in accordance with the prevailing professional
standards of the software industry. TSI does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement
made through the Licensed System, nor does TSI assume any liability for claims concerning unsolicited fax, e-mail, or voice messages
sent by you or others under your account or control through the Licensed System including TCPA Prohibited Conduct.
7.2
Your Warranties. You warrant that You have validly entered into this Agreement and have the legal power to do so.
7.3
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.1 AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, TSI MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED
SYSTEM,, SERVICES OR THEIR CONDITION, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR OR USE BY CLIENT. TSI
FURNISHES THE ABOVE WARRANTIES IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS OR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
7.4
Mutual Representations. Each party represents and warrants (i) that such party is duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; (ii) that such party has the legal right and authority to enter into and
perform its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) that the execution and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or violate
any provision of any law having applicability to such party; and (iv) that this Agreement, when executed and delivered, will constitute
a valid and binding obligation of such party and will be enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms.
7.5
Indemnification by You. You agree to indemnify and hold TSI, its Affiliates, agents, business associates, resellers, licensors,
and suppliers harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, judgments, expenses and costs (including, but not limited to, any
attorney’s fees and expenses) arising out of any third party claims resulting from your use of the Licensed System not contemplated
by this Agreement, your violation of the Agreement, and the delivery of any of your messages and documents using the Licensed
System, or the infringement of any trademark or copyright by you.
7.6
Indemnification by TSI. TSI shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Client and its directors, officers, employees, and
agents from and against any and all demands, claims, actions, suits, investigations, proceedings or causes of action, assessments,
damages, liabilities, expenses, and losses (including court costs, reasonable attorneys’ fees, and expenses of investigation) (all of the
foregoing collectively, “Claims”) of every kind, nature, or description, whether direct or indirect, that arise out of or relate to any Claim
brought against Client alleging that the Licensed System infringes any third party’s U.S. patents, copyrights, trade secrets, or other
intellectual property rights.
Any and all warranties and indemnifications shall be void as to TSI Services and/ or the Licensed System where
noncompliance is caused by or related to (1) any alterations made to the Licensed System by You, Your representatives, or agents,
without authorization from TSI; (2) use of the Licensed System other than in the operating environment specified in this Agreement;
(3) coding, information or specifications created or provided by You.

