We may require you to upgrade or update your hardware or software at any time during the franchise term.
You may be required to pay initial and/or ongoing license, support or service fees associated with such
upgrades or updates. There are no limitations on the frequency and costs of hardware and software upgrades
or updates. We do not have any contractual obligation to upgrade or update any of your hardware, or
software, during the term of the franchise. Although not currently required, you may be required to
purchase rights in Anytime Fitness branded digital content to display in your Anytime Fitness Center during
the term of your Franchise Agreement.
You will use your iPad and your computer in a variety of ways and you must use an iPad for certain
membership, club management and coaching suite functions. It will provide access control for your
Anytime Fitness center, track usage of the center (by member and in the aggregate) and allow members
reciprocity between centers. For example, the Club Management Software has prospect and member
management functionality, which begins as soon as a lead is entered into the system. Once a prospect
becomes a member, the Club Management Software can track member activities, interests, appointments,
and club usage. Flexible reporting options allow for the tracking of detailed and summarized member and
club information, including multiple club reporting. This software will also give you access to our ongoing
product development and on-line education. You can also add point of sale hardware to perform additional
functions, but we do not require you to do so. You will also use your computer or iPad for on-line ordering,
e-mail, Internet access, and word processing support. However, we highly recommend that the system be
used for business purposes only, and not for entertainment, personal social networking site access, or other
matters unrelated to your business.
We will have independent access to the information in your computer and iPad, which we can access as we
believe is necessary. There are no limits on our right to access this information and you must at all times
maintain your computer and network so that we can automatically upload this information.
Coaching Suite
Together with the computer hardware and software requirements described above, we have developed an
exclusive and proprietary “Coaching Suite” technology ecosystem for use in Anytime Fitness centers,
which will help you develop, deliver and maintain a multifaceted coaching program for your Anytime
Fitness center. Certain elements of the Coaching Suite are referred to as SmartCoaching. Currently, the
Coaching Suite technology ecosystem is comprised of:
•

The AF Mobile Application: which provides members a personalized fitness, nutrition, and
recovery plan both inside and outside of the club and includes integrations with Google Fit &
Apple Health Kit

•

AF Coaching Dashboard: Aggregates client behavioral data to enable coaching services.

•

Evolt Body Composition Scanner: Measure member’s body composition and track changes.

•

Programing: Exclusive and proprietary fitness, nutrition and recovery programming

•

Predictive analytics: Uses data to predict member behavior to improve retention and results

The Coaching Suite will assist you with implementing and delivering a coaching program that may include
personal training, small group training and/or large group training, as well as nutrition and recovery
coaching. These services may be provided to your members in person through your coaching staff, or in a
virtual format through our mobile application. We will assist you with setting pricing, training your coaches,
providing consumer facing content, creating group training sessions, offering nutrition and recovery
partnerships and providing ongoing coaching and personal training programming. We may modify the

FDD

41

