Our affiliate Basecamp Fitness Franchisor LLC (“Basecamp”), is the franchisor of the Basecamp Fitness
brand. It offers studio fitness center franchises under the Basecamp Fitness name that offer memberships
allowing members to take short, regularly scheduled group training classes designed using High Intensity
Interval Training strategies. Basecamp and its predecessor, Basecamp Fitness, LLC (“BFLLC”), have been
offering these franchises since April 2020. BFLLC has operated Basecamp Fitness studios since May 2019.
In November 2021 the agreements under which these franchises were operated were transferred to
Basecamp as part of the Securitization Transaction (discussed below). As of December 31, 2024, Basecamp
had 19 franchised studios operating in the United States and BFLLC had 4 company-owned studios. Except
as disclosed above, Basecamp does not operate any fitness centers, and it has not offered fitness center
franchises or franchises in any other line of business. Basecamp has the same principal business address
as we do.
Our affiliate The Bar Method Franchisor LLC (“The Bar Method Franchising”), is the franchisor of the Bar
Method brand. It offers boutique fitness studio franchises under the Bar Method name that offer barrebased exercise classes using proprietary and non-proprietary instructional techniques, formats and methods
designed to provide fitness training in an attractive atmosphere. The Bar Method Franchising and its
predecessor, The Bar Method Franchising, LLC (“TBMLLC”), have been offering these franchises since
January 2008. The Bar Method, LLC (“TBM”) offered rights for Bar Method studios from June 2003 until
October 2007 and assigned those agreements to TBMLLC in January 2008 at which time TBMLLC began
offering Bar Method franchises. In November 2021 the agreements under which these franchises were
operated were transferred to The Bar Method Franchising as part of the Securitization Transaction
(discussed below). As of December 31, 2024, The Bar Method Franchising had 73 franchised studios in
operation in the United States. Except as disclosed above, The Bar Method Franchising does not operate
any fitness centers, and it has not offered fitness center franchises or franchises in any other line of business.
The Bar Method Franchising has the same principal business address as we do.
Our affiliate OTF Franchisor, LLC (“OTF Franchisor”) is the franchisor of the Orangetheory brand. It offers
health and fitness studios that offer members access to exercise equipment, including cardio and strength
equipment, in a simple, contemporary atmosphere characterized by its signature, energizing orange color
scheme and trade dress. On April 2, 2024, OTF Franchisor became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent. As of December 31, 2024, OTF Franchisor had 1,283 franchised and 15 affiliate-owned studios
operating in the United States. Except as disclosed above, OTF Franchisor does not operate any fitness
centers, and it has not offered fitness center franchises or franchises in any other line of business. The
principal business address of OTF Franchisor is 6000 Broken Sound Pkwy NW, Suite 200, Boca Raton,
Florida 33487.
Securitization Transaction
Under a securitization financing transaction which closed in November 2021 (the “Securitization
Transaction”), SEB and its affiliates were restructured. As part of the Securitization Transaction, our
predecessor, AFLLC, transferred all existing U.S. franchise, area development and related agreements for
Anytime Fitness and Anytime Fitness Express Market centers to us, and we became the franchisor of all
existing and future franchise, area development and related agreements. Ownership and control of all U.S.
trademarks and certain intellectual property relating to the operation of Anytime Fitness and Anytime
Fitness Express Market centers in the U.S. were also transferred to us.
At the time of the closing of the Securitization Transaction, AFLLC entered into a management agreement
with us to provide the required support and services to Anytime Fitness franchisees under their franchise
and area development agreements with us. AFLLC also acts as our franchise sales agent. We will pay
management fees to AFLLC for these services. However, as the franchisor, we will be responsible and
accountable to you to make sure that all services we promise to perform under your Franchise or Area

FDD

3

