living expenses, and all other costs incurred by you and your employees in connection with any training or
instruction that we provide.
N.
Photographs. We will have the right to photograph and make video or digital recordings
of your Anytime Fitness Center premises and your employees at all reasonable times. We will have the
right to use all photographs and videos or digital recordings of your Anytime Fitness Center for such
purposes as we deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, use in training, advertising, marketing and
promotional materials, and as evidence in any court or arbitration proceeding, to the extent the consent of
any of your employees or others is required for our use of these photographs and recordings for commercial
purposes, you will use your best efforts to obtain these consents. Neither you nor your employees will be
entitled to any right to be compensated by us, our advertising agencies, or other Anytime Fitness franchisees
for any use of such photographs or recordings.
O.
Ownership of Information. All of the information we or our affiliates obtain from you or
about your Anytime Fitness Center, and all information in your records or ours concerning the members of
your Anytime Fitness Center (“the Information”) and all revenues we derive from the Information will be
our property. However, you may at any time during the term of this Agreement use in the operation of your
Anytime Fitness Center (but for no other purpose), to the extent lawful and at your sole risk and
responsibility, any information that you acquire from third parties in operating your Anytime Fitness
Center, such as customer data. The Information (except for information you provide to us or our affiliates
with respect to you and your affiliates, including your respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners
or equity members of your entity) will become our property which we may use for any reason as we deem
necessary or appropriate in our discretion. You hereby authorize your payment processor to release the
information to us at any time. Following termination or expiration of this Agreement, you will no longer
use any of the Information, except to comply with your post-term obligations under this Agreement, and
you authorize your payment processor to release the Information exclusively to us and/or our designees.
P.
Manual. You will operate your Anytime Fitness Center in accordance with all mandatory
provisions of the Manual. You will treat the Manual as confidential, and will use all reasonable efforts to
maintain the Manual as secret and confidential. You will use the Manual only in the operation of your
Anytime Fitness Center. The Manual will remain our sole property. We may from time to time revise the
contents of the Manual. You agree to comply with each new or changed standard. In the event of any
dispute as to the contents of the Manual, the terms of the master copy of the Manual maintained by us will
control. Any required specifications, standards and operating procedures described in the Manual or
otherwise exist to protect our interests in the System and the Marks and to create a uniform customer
experience, and not for the purpose of establishing any control or duty to take control over those matters
that are reserved to you.
Q.
Access; Reciprocity. You agree to abide by the Anytime Fitness Reciprocity Policy as
modified from time to time. This policy will likely prohibit you from selling any membership that does not
provide full reciprocity benefits to all your members, and a means of accessing other Anytime Fitness
centers on a 24-hour basis (typically through a key fob). This may require you, among others, to transfer
members from your center to another center based on the current Anytime Fitness Reciprocity Policy. Apart
from allowing membership reciprocity, you will not permit persons who are not members of your Anytime
Fitness Center access to your fitness facilities, except on an introductory basis not to exceed thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days. You also agree not to transfer members of your Anytime Fitness Center to any
other fitness club, without the express written consent of the member (except as may be required by the
Anytime Fitness Reciprocity Policy), and in no event will you transfer, or attempt to transfer, any
membership to any club that is not a part of the Anytime Fitness System, either during or after the
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

19

