book the on-site training and pay a Two Thousand Dollar ($2,000) re-booking fee in addition to the fee you
paid for the on-site training.
J.
On-Site Training Cancellation Fees. If our representative is scheduled to conduct an onsite training program at your Anytime Fitness Center and you subsequently cancel the scheduled training
program, then you must pay us our then-current on-site training cancellation fee (the “On-Site Training
Cancellation Fee”). The On-Site Training Cancellation Fee may vary depending upon the type of scheduled
training program and how far in advance you notify us in writing of the cancellation.
K.
No-Show Fees. If our representative or designee is scheduled to conduct an on-site visit
at your Anytime Fitness Center, or if you register for a training program and you cancel, failure to attend,
fail to have the appropriate parties attend, or fail to stay for the entire training program, and you did not
provide us with at least two (2) weeks prior written notice that you or appropriate parties will not be
attending, then you must pay us the greater of our then-current no show fee or the actual costs and expenses
of rescheduling our travel arrangements.
L.
Nature of Assistance and Training. You agree that we are not obligated to provide any
training or assistance to your particular level of satisfaction, but as a function of our experience, knowledge
and judgment. You also acknowledge that we are not obligated to provide any services to you that are not
set forth in this Agreement. If you believe we have failed to adequately provide any pre-opening services
to you or to your employees, whether with respect to site selection, selection and purchase of equipment
and supplies, training, or any other matter affecting the establishment of your Anytime Fitness Center, you
must notify us in writing within thirty (30) days following the opening of your Anytime Fitness Center or
you will be deemed to conclusively acknowledge that all pre-opening and opening services required to be
provided by us were sufficient and satisfactory in your judgment, and complied with all representations
made to you.
9.

APPEARANCE AND OPERATION OF YOUR ANYTIME FITNESS CENTER

The Marks and System licensed to you represent valuable goodwill distinctive of our business and
reputation. We will promulgate, from time to time, standards of quality and service regarding the business
operations of Anytime Fitness centers so as to protect the distinction and goodwill represented and
symbolized by the Marks and System. You must abide by those standards and the provisions set forth
below unless otherwise authorized by us in writing.
A.
Construction. Your Anytime Fitness Center must be developed in accordance with
applicable laws, regulations, codes and other governing requirements, as well as our mandatory
specifications (the “Mandatory Specifications”) that we provide to you, and the center specific
layout/design that we provide to you (“Compliance Drawing”). You will be required to supply us with
accurate site information for your proposed location to allow us to create a Compliance Drawing for you.
This information will include, but not be limited to, as-built drawings, surveys, technical data, construction
documents and site plans. If you are developing a new Anytime Fitness Center, we will provide you with
one Compliance Drawing at no additional cost. If you are signing this Agreement in connection with a
renewal or a transfer and we determine that your Anytime Fitness Center requires renovation or reequipment, you must pay us Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) for the Compliance Drawing, and we will
credit Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) of the cost against one (1) Monthly Fee payment if you complete
all renovation and re-equipment requirements by the required due date. In either case, if you require
additional Compliance Drawings, you must pay us Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) for each additional
Compliance Drawing.

12

