B.
You may not open an Anytime Fitness Center under this Agreement unless you have
notified us of your intention to develop the Anytime Fitness Center at least thirty (30) days prior to the date
set forth in the Development Schedule and meet each of the following conditions (these conditions apply
to each Anytime Fitness Center to be developed in the Development Territory):
1.
Good Standing. You must not be in default of this Agreement, any Franchise
Agreement entered into pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement between you or any of
your affiliates and us or any of our affiliates. You also must have satisfied on a timely basis all
monetary and material obligations under the Franchise Agreements for all existing Anytime Fitness
centers.
2.
Execution of Franchise Agreement. You and we have entered into our then-current
form of Franchise Agreement and such other agreements that we require for the grant of Anytime
Fitness franchises for the proposed Anytime Fitness Center. You understand that we may modify the
then-current form of Franchise Agreement from time to time and that it may be different than the
current form of Franchise Agreement, including different fees and obligations; provided, however,
that you will not be required to pay any initial franchise fee under any of those Franchise Agreements.
You understand and agree that any and all Franchise Agreements will be construed and exist
independently of this Agreement. The continued existence of each Franchise Agreement will be
determined by the terms and conditions of such Franchise Agreement. Except as specifically set
forth in this Agreement, the establishment and operation of each Anytime Fitness Center must be
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Franchise Agreement.
4.
Term. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section 5 of this Agreement, the term
of this Agreement and all rights granted to you will expire on the date that you sign the Franchise Agreement
for the last Anytime Fitness Center that is scheduled to be opened under the Development Schedule.
5.
Default and Termination. You will be deemed in default under this Agreement if you
breach any of the terms of this Agreement or if you or any affiliate of yours breaches any of the terms of
any Franchise Agreement or any other agreement that you or your affiliates have with us or our affiliates.
For purposes of this Agreement, an “affiliate” of any person will be any person or entity that controls that
person, is under the control of that person, or is under common control with that person.
All rights granted in this Agreement immediately terminate upon written notice without opportunity
to cure if: (i) you become insolvent, commit any affirmative action of insolvency or file any action or
petition of insolvency, (ii) a receiver (permanent or temporary) of your property is appointed by a court of
competent authority, (iii) you make a general assignment or other similar arrangement for the benefit of
your creditors, (iv) a final judgment against you remains unsatisfied of record for thirty (30) days or longer,
(v) execution is levied against your business or property, or the business or property of any of your affiliates
that have entered into Franchise Agreements with us, (vi) a suit to foreclose any lien or mortgage against
premises or equipment is instituted against you and not dismissed within thirty (30) days, or is not in the
process of being dismissed, (vii) you fail to timely meet any of your obligations set forth in the Development
Schedule or you fail to comply with our requirements for securing real estate for any Anytime Fitness
Center, (viii) you or any of your affiliates open any Anytime Fitness Center before that person or entity has
signed a Franchise Agreement with us for that center in the form we provide, (ix) you fail to comply with
any other provision of this Agreement, or your or any of your affiliates fail to comply with any other
agreement you or they have with us or our affiliates and do not correct the failure within thirty (30) days
after written notice of that failure is delivered to the breaching party (except that if the failure to comply is
the third failure to comply with any provision of any agreement that you or any of your affiliates have with
us or an affiliate of ours within any twelve (12) consecutive month period, then we need not provide any

ADA

3

