“NACHA Rules”) and all state, federal or local laws, rules, regulations or ordinances with respect to the operation of
the Client. The Client shall not initiate any automated clearinghouse entry that violates the NACHA Rules or such laws,
rules, regulations or ordinances. The Client agrees that ABC and/or its ODFI, has the right, at all reasonable times, to
audit the Client’s operations to determine compliance with this Agreement and the NACHA Rules. In addition to any
other rights and remedies available hereunder or pursuant to applicable law, ABC or the ODFI shall also have the
right, at their respective options, to immediately terminate or suspend this Agreement for a breach of the NACHA
Rules. From time to time, Client may request, and ABC may provide, forms (such as membership agreement
templates) for the Client’s use in connection with the operation of its fitness facility. ABC makes no representation or
warranty with respect to such forms, including without limitation, the compliance of such forms with any federal,
state or local laws, rules or regulations. The Client understands and acknowledges that these forms are provided as
a convenience only and the Client remains solely responsible for consulting its own legal advisors in connection with
the compliance of such forms with applicable law.
11. Data Security Guidelines; PCI; PA-DSS and PCI-PED. Each party agrees that during the term of this Agreement, it
will comply and will ensure that its agents comply with all Data Security Guidelines that are applicable to its business
with the other. Each party represents and warrants that, as of the effective date of this Agreement, it has complied
with all applicable requirements to be considered PCI-DSS compliant (including compliant with the PCI-DSS Cloud
Computing Guidelines) and has performed the necessary steps to validate its compliance with PCI-DSS. Each party
further represents and warrants that it is compliant with the ACH Security Framework of NACHA (“ACH Security
Framework”). Each party represents and warrants that it will remain compliant with PCI-DSS and the ACH Security
Framework throughout the term of this Agreement. Each party agrees to supply the other with evidence of its most
recent validation of PCI-DSS no later than ten (10) business days after execution of this Agreement, and to supply to
the other party a new status report and evidence of validation of compliance with PCI-DSS at least annually while
this Agreement is in effect. Each party represents and warrants that any software distributed to the other is PA-DSS
compliant and any equipment provided by one to the other that accepts PIN entry is PCI-PED compliant. Each party
will immediately notify the other if it learns that it or any of its subcontractors is no longer PCIDSS or ACH Security
Framework compliant, that any of the distributed software supplied to the other is no longer PA-DSS compliant, or
any equipment supplied to the other that that accepts PIN entry is no longer PCI-PED compliant. Each party will
immediately provide the other the steps being taken to remediate the PCI-DSS, ACH Security Framework, PA-DSS
and/or PCIPED non-compliant status and will promptly perform the remediation or, in the case of a subcontractor,
ensure that remediation is performed. In no event will a party’s notification to the other be later than four (4)
calendar days after such learns it (or its subcontractor, as the case may be) is no longer PCI-DSS or ACH Security
Framework compliant, that software supplied to the other is no longer PA-DSS compliant, or that any equipment
supplied to the other that accepts PIN Entry is no longer PCI-PED compliant. Each party will provide and will ensure
that any subcontractor provides all reasonable assistance to enable the other to comply with an audit request from
a Payment Network or a Payment Processor.
12. Security; Security Breach.
a. Any Payment Information generated or collected by a party or its subcontractors in connection with the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall be fully encrypted at the time of collection and during
storage in accordance with the Data Security Guidelines. "Payment Information" shall mean bank account, credit
card and debit card information.
b. Neither party shall access or use or attempt to access or use any Personal Data of the other or the other’s
customers or any of other’s systems used to maintain, store, process or transmit Personal Data except to the extent
expressly authorized by such party’s written consent or expressly required in order to perform its obligations under

www.abcfitness.com

