the Coaching Suite Training separately. This training is offered virtually. You must pay our then-current
fee, currently $250 per person.
Compliance Drawing and Construction Documents
We will create a specific club layout/design (“Compliance Drawing”) of your center using the as-built
drawings, surveys, technical data, and site plans you provide. You must obtain a Compliance Drawing
from us. If you are developing a new Anytime Fitness center, we will provide you with one Compliance
Drawing at no additional cost. We anticipate this design will be sufficient to provide to an architectural
vendor to create your Construction Documents (defined below). If you are signing the Franchise
Agreement as part of a franchise renewal or transfer and we determine that your Anytime Fitness center
requires renovation or re-equipment, then you must pay us $250 for your Compliance Drawing, but we will
credit $250 against one Monthly Fee payment if you complete all renovation and re-equipment
requirements by the required due date. In either case, if you require additional Compliance Drawings, you
must pay us $250 for each additional Compliance Drawing. You must retain our designated architectural
vendor to create a complete set of detailed construction documents and to complete construction of your
Anytime Fitness center in compliance with the Compliance Drawing and our mandatory specifications
(“Construction Documents”), and to obtain any required permits, and conform the premises to local
ordinances or building codes.
As described in Item 8, you may participate in our “Construction Management Services” program offered
through our approved vendor to oversee the construction of your Anytime Fitness center. At this time,
participation in the Construction Management Services program is optional. However, we may transition
the Construction Management Services to a mandatory program.
Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program
You must spend at least $11,000 to $23,000 (depending on your market Tier) on your approved Grand
Opening and Ramp Up Program as described in Items 6 and 11. Currently, we do not require that you pay
these amounts to us but if you fail to spend the minimum required amount, we may require you to pay the
difference between what you should have spent on your Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program and what
you actually spent, into the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. We may require you to pay to us the
minimum required amount for the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program and we will execute the Grand
Opening and Ramp Up Program on your behalf. This amount would not be refundable.
Retail Product Package
We do not currently, but before you begin operating, we may require you to purchase a package of retail
products to offer for sale in your Anytime Fitness center from us or our preferred or designated vendor(s).

FDD

10

