Local Advertising Spend Requirement
You must invest a minimum of $600 per month if your center is in a Tier 3 market, $800 per month if your
center is in a Tier 2 market, or $1,000 per month if your center is in a Tier 1 market, on local advertising,
after completion of the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Plan (described below), to promote your Anytime
Fitness center. We recommend that you spend more than the required amount.
We do not currently, but we may in the future require you to pay these funds to us and we will purchase
local marketing on your behalf. We may require that you submit proof of purchase or other documentation
to verify you have met this requirement. If you fail to spend the minimum required amount, we will require
you to pay the difference between what you should have spent on Local Advertising and what you actually
spent, into the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. We can audit your records to determine
compliance with this requirement. The amounts you spend on local advertising are in addition to the General
Advertising and Marketing Fees that you must pay to us. Local advertising spend is the amounts spent by
you for advertising media including but not limited to: digital, paid search and social, television, radio,
internet, social media, newspaper, billboard, print media, promotional items, advertising on public vehicles,
and, if not provided by us, the costs of producing approved materials necessary to participate in these media.
Advertising expenditures do not include items which we, in our reasonable judgement deem inappropriate
for meeting the minimum advertising requirement, including but not limited to: permanent on-premises
signs, vehicles (even if they display the Marks), personnel salaries or administrative costs, and the value of
discounts, free offers, or other incentive programs. We may require you to provide performance data to
allow us to determine the performance of your local marketing activities.
Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program
You must conduct a grand opening advertising and promotional program (“Grand Opening and Ramp Up
Program”) for your center. Activities in the program may start as early as 60 days pre-opening and will
extend up to 60 days post-opening. The Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program must target prospective
members throughout the Protected Territory and meet the standards we establish from time to time. You
must use our preferred vendors for your Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program for your Anytime Fitness
center. We may require you to submit your grand opening plans and local marketing plans for our prior
approval, submit proof of purchase or other documentation to verify you have met minimum spend
requirements, and show proof of performance of your advertising activity. We may require you to provide
performance data to allow us to determine the performance of your Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program
activities.
The required spend for the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program depends upon your market Tier as
follows:
Market Tier
Tier 3
Tier 2
Tier 1

Minimum Amount Grand Opening and Ramp Up
Program to be spent on Local Marketing
$11,000
$16,000
$23,000

*Local direct and/or traditional (not digital) advertising includes radio marketing, banners, flyers, door hangers,
brochures, and as otherwise described under the above “Local Advertising Spend Requirement” heading in this Item
11.

You may choose to spend more than the minimum required amount.

FDD

39

