Service Agreement
receiving Parties, addressed as set forth above or to such other address as the receiving Parties may have previously substituted by
written notice to the sender.
11.3
Force Majeure. Except for Your obligations to pay money under this Agreement, no party shall be liable for failure to perform
hereunder due to events outside its reasonable control such as acts of war, public enemy, government, or any person engaged in
subversive activity, riot or sabotage or due to Acts of God.
11.4
No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for Section 10.3, nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, will confer
upon any person or entity, other than the Parties, their successors and permitted assigns, any legal or equitable right whatsoever to
enforce any provision of this Agreement.
11.5
Independent Contractors. The Parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, nothing herein creates any joint venture, partnership, agency, employment, fiduciary or other relationship among the
Parties, and no party is authorized to make contracts or commitments in the name of or on behalf of any other without such Party’s
prior written approval.
11.7
Assignment; Delegation. No Party may assign any of its rights hereunder, nor delegate any of its duties hereunder, without
the prior written consent of the other Parties, except that any Party shall be entitled to transfer its interests to a third party with which
such Party is merged or which acquires all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of such Party. Any transfer by Anytime
Fitness of its duties or obligations shall relieve it of all duties and obligations transferred hereunder.
11.8
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason in any jurisdiction, such
provisionshall be construed to have been adjusted to the minimum extent necessary to cure such invalidity or unenforceability. The
invalidity or unenforceability of one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall not have the effect of rendering any
such provision invalid or unenforceable in any other case, circumstance or jurisdiction, or of rendering any other provisions of this
Agreement invalid or unenforceable whatsoever.
11.9
Waiver. No waiver under this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless set forth in writing and duly executed by the Party
against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Any such waiver shall constitute a waiver only with respect to the specific matter
described therein and shall in no way impair the rights of the Party granting such waiver in any other respect or at any other time. Any
delay or forbearance by any Party in exercising any right hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of that right.
11.10
Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES REGARDING CONFLICTS OF LAW, AND
WITHOUT REGARD TO THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS. EACH PARTY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO, AND WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO, THE EXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF
THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF MINNESOTA.
11.11
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one Agreement.
11.12
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are inserted merely for the purpose of convenience and shall not affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
11.13
Survival. The provisions of this Agreement, which, by their terms, require performance after the termination of this
Agreement, or have application to events that may occur after the termination of this Agreement, shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
11.14
Changes. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time or change, suspend,
or discontinue the Licensed System (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content). If a revision to
this Agreement is material we will try to provide at least 90 days written notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes
a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use the Licensed System and our Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound
by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
[End of Terms and Conditions]
4854-3641-3185, v. 1

