standards and specifications in connection with the AF Nutrition Coaching Program as set forth in the
Manual (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) or otherwise in writing.
4.

TERM AND TERMINATION.

a.
The term of this Addendum will commence on the Effective Date set forth in the Rider
attached to this Addendum, and is subject to earlier termination as described herein, will automatically and
immediately terminate upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement.
b.
Upon termination or expiration of this Addendum, all rights granted to you under this
Addendum shall terminate, and you shall have the following obligations: (i) you will immediately deliver
to us all Confidential Information related to the AF Nutrition Coaching Program, including any operation
manual or materials specific to the AF Nutrition Coaching Program, in your possession or control, and all
copies and any other forms of reproductions of these materials and any other materials provided by us and
all copies thereof of any other forms of reproductions of these materials, and you shall neither retain nor
convey to another any copy or record of any of the foregoing and you agree that all these materials are our
exclusive property; (ii) you shall immediately cease offering AF Nutrition services at your Center or to
members of your Center; (iii) you shall comply with the applicable covenants contained in this Addendum
and the Franchise Agreement, including, but not limited to, the covenants not to compete and the covenants
not to disclose trade secrets or Confidential Information; and (iv) from and after termination of this
Addendum, upon our request, you shall cooperate with us in connection with any steps required or
appropriate to be taken as a result of the termination of this Addendum, and you shall furnish us, upon
request, such further information, execute and deliver such other documents and do such other acts and
things, all as we may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Addendum.
5.

TRANSFER.

In the event of the transfer or assignment of your Franchise Agreement, your transferee or assignee will be
required to sign an addendum, in similar form to this Addendum, agreeing to continue to offer services as
part of the AF Nutrition Coaching Program for the remaining term of the Franchise Agreement.
6.

OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION.

You acknowledge and agree that the information that we or our affiliates obtain from you or your affiliates
through the access and use of the AF Nutrition Coaching Program or information in your records related to
the AF Nutrition Coaching Program is considered part of the Information System (as defined in the
Franchise Agreement) and you must comply with all terms of the Franchise Agreement and the Manual (as
defined in the Franchise Agreement) related to the Information.
7.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP.

You acknowledge that nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to convey to you any rights or license
under any patents, patent applications, inventions, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual
property rights (collectively, “Intellectual Property”). As it relates to Stronger U, LLC Stronger U shall
own all right, title, and interest in and to all Intellectual Property, which shall include in-person nutrition
coaching services, virtual coaching services, nutrition plans and related services, branding and in-person
member experiences, and user interfaces (website, mobile application, nutrition devices), digital content
delivery in all communication channels (mobile app, text, video chatting) including underlying data as
specified herein (collectively, “Stronger U IP”). Stronger U has agreed to license core assets and the
Stronger U IP to deliver the AF Nutrition services for the purposes of this Program. For avoidance of doubt,
you agree that all ideas, feedback, opinions, discoveries, creations, improvements, know‐how, designs,
techniques, methods, and formulae that you or your club staff or contractors conceives, makes, develops or

