AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT RIDER
1.

Effective Date:

2.

Developer:

3.

Development Territory:

If this Development Territory references one or more sites yet to be determined, then we reserve the right
to develop and operate an Anytime Fitness Center in and around the above-described city, county or area,
and to sell franchises and grant territories to others (including through area development agreements) who
will operate Anytime Fitness Centers in and around the above-described city, county or area. You may then
be required to choose a final location for your Anytime Fitness Center outside of any protected territory
given to us or to any other franchisee or area developer, which final location may be outside of the county,
city or area identified above. Should this happen, you would have to obtain our review and approval for a
new Development Territory, and location for your Anytime Fitness Center.
4.

Number of Anytime Fitness Centers to be opened and operating in the Development Territory:

6.

Development Fee: $

7.
Development Schedule: You acknowledge and agree that a material provision of this Area
Development Agreement is that the following number of Anytime Fitness Centers must be opened and
continuously operated by you in the Development Territory in accordance with the following Development
Schedule:

Anytime Fitness
Center Number
1
2

Date by Which the Anytime Fitness
Center Must Be Opened and
Operated by You in the
Development Territory

Cumulative Number of Anytime
Fitness Centers to be Opened and
Operated by You in the
Development Territory as of the
Date in Preceding Column
1

For purposes of determining compliance with this Development Schedule, only the Anytime
Fitness Centers you actually open and continuously operate in the Development Territory for at least the
first six (6) months after opening will be counted toward the number of Anytime Fitness Centers required
to be open and operated by you. You acknowledge and agree that in no event will any new Anytime Fitness
center developed outside of the Development Territory be added towards the calculation to determine
whether you have satisfied any Cumulative Number as required above. You may not close any Anytime
Fitness Center without our prior written consent, which we may withhold in our sole discretion.

7

