ITEM 1.
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “we”, “us” or “our” means Anytime Fitness
Franchisor LLC, the franchisor; “you” or “your” means the person or entity that buys the franchise. If you
are a corporation, partnership or other entity, “you” includes the franchisee’s owners.
The Franchisor
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on October 25, 2021. We maintain our principal place
of business at 111 Weir Drive, Woodbury, Minnesota 55125. We do business under our corporate name
and as “Anytime Fitness.” We do not do business under any other names. We began offering Anytime
Fitness franchises in November 2021. We also offered Anytime Fitness Express Market franchises,
offering more limited fitness training in smaller market areas, from November 2021 to April 2024. We
have never offered franchises in any other lines of business. We have no other business activities.
The Franchise
The franchises we offer are for the operation of fitness centers designed to operate under the trademark,
“Anytime Fitness®”. Our franchise system consists of fitness centers offering convenient access and oneon-one, small and large group training, nutrition, coaching and recovery services. As of the issuance date
of this Disclosure Document, we require you to staff your Anytime Fitness center for a minimum amount
of hours per week, and we require you to offer small and/or large group training, coaching and personal
training services to your members, both of which may be done by you or by qualified staff that you hire.
We may also require you to use a telephone answering service during the time your Anytime Fitness center
is not staffed. Through an affiliate, we have developed an access and security system that allows members
of an Anytime Fitness center to have access to any Anytime Fitness center 24 hours a day and reciprocal
benefits between centers. In limited cases, we may allow your center to not be accessible 24 hours a day.
We will grant you the right to operate 1 Anytime Fitness center at a location we specify in your Franchise
Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”).
We also offer to qualified people the right to develop 2 or more Anytime Fitness franchises within a specific
territory under the terms of an Area Development Agreement. If you sign an Area Development
Agreement, you will sign a separate Franchise Agreement for each Anytime Fitness center you develop
under your Area Development Agreement. You will sign the first Franchise Agreement when you sign the
Area Development Agreement. The form of that agreement will be the form attached to this Disclosure
Document. Later Franchise Agreements you sign will be on the form of agreement we use at the time you
sign the agreement. The terms of those agreements may differ from the form attached to this Disclosure
Document.
The market for fitness centers is a developed market in most areas. Your customers will be the general
public. Your competitors include other national fitness chains, personal training studios and local fitness
centers.
Parents, Predecessor and Certain Affiliates
Parents
On April 2, 2024 we became an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Purpose Brands Holdings, LLC
(“Parent”). We are a direct wholly owned subsidiary of SEB Systems LLC (“Systems”). Systems is a
direct wholly owned subsidiary of SEB Funding LLC (“Funding”) which is a direct wholly owned

FDD

