There are no other incidental expenses you should incur as a Developer, as the expenses to open each center
are accounted for in the chart.
(3) The person you designate as the “Principal Operator” of your business must attend mandatory initial
training in Woodbury, Minnesota or such other place we designate. In addition, if your Principal Operator
is not a Principal Owner, then a Principal Owner must also attend and complete this training to our
satisfaction before you open your Anytime Fitness center. While we do not charge you for this training,
you do have to pay your travel and living expenses while you attend the training. Your actual cost will
vary, depending on the distance to be traveled, your method of travel, and your personal circumstances.
In addition, the Coaching Suite (as defined in Item 11) is a required element of the Anytime Fitness system
and you must implement it in your Anytime Fitness center. For new franchisees, the Coaching Suite
Training Program is provided as part of our initial training program. It is also offered in a virtual format.
(4) Our estimate for initial expenses for real estate and improvements assumes you will lease a “vanilla
shell” or “as is” space, which, at a minimum, includes rooms that will work as an office, bathrooms, studio
space, concrete floors, demised exterior walls, HVAC, roof, and utilities stubbed to the premises sufficient
for an Anytime Fitness center. Our estimate assumes you will pay $21.31 per square foot for base rent and
$5.47 per square foot for CAM. These estimates are based on the average base rents and CAM charges
experienced by our system in 2024. Most of our franchisees receive some tenant improvement allowance
from their Landlord (the average amount received by franchisees in our system in 2024 was $21 per square
foot and the range was zero to $45 per square foot). Our estimate assumes you must pay only 1 month’s
rent as a security deposit. Costs will vary in relation to the physical size and location of the fitness center.
As described in Item 8, you may be required to participate in our “Construction Management Services”
program offered through our approved vendor to oversee the construction of your Anytime Fitness center.
At this time, participation in the Construction Management Services program is optional but we have
included the $13,500 cost in the high range estimates. We may transition the Construction Management
Services to a mandatory program in the future.
The amount of your leasehold improvements will vary based on existing conditions, size, design, including
the availability and prices of labor and materials. You should carefully investigate all of these costs in the
area where you wish to establish your Anytime Fitness center. In addition, we assumed the general
contractor will include permitting fees in the construction costs. The estimates assumes standard tenant
improvements within a structure, designed for commercial use, and excludes items such as structural
modifications, site work, energy studies, surveys and/or exterior improvements.
(5) As described in Item 5, we will create a Compliance Drawing of your center. If you are developing a
new Anytime Fitness center, we will provide you with one Compliance Drawing at no additional cost. We
anticipate this design will be sufficient to provide to an architectural vendor to create your Construction
Documents. If you are signing the Franchise Agreement as part of a franchise renewal or transfer and we
determine that your Anytime Fitness center requires renovation or re-equipment, then you must pay us $250
for your Compliance Drawing, but we will credit $250 against one Monthly Fee payment if you complete
all renovation and re-equipment requirements by the required due date. In either case, if you require
additional Compliance Drawings, you must pay us $250 for each additional Compliance Drawing. You
must retain our designated architectural vendor to create a complete set of detailed Construction
Documents, and to obtain any required permits, and conform the premises to local ordinances or building
codes. We do not construct, remodel or decorate your premises.
(6) The total cost of equipment will vary depending on various factors, including the size of your fitness
center and the type of equipment you obtain. Some costs will vary in relation to the physical size of the
fitness center and whether you purchase from our recommended sources or from others. These figures

FDD

20

