Healthy Contributions Terms and Conditions of Service
Healthy Contributions, SPV LLC (“HC”) is the payment processor and program administrator for a
number of Membership Programs offered to Anytime Fitness Facility’s’ by, among others, Tivity
Health, Optum, American Specialty Health (ASH) (each a “Program Provider”). By opting to
participate in any of the Membership Programs administered by HC the participating Anytime
Fitness Facility (“Participating Facility”) agrees to abide by HC’s Terms and Conditions set forth
below, and as may be updated or amended from time to time.
1. Appointment of HC as Payment Processor. By opting to become a Participating Facility in
any Membership Program the Participating Facility agrees that HC will serve as the payment
processor for the Membership Program. HC will, among other things, (A) provide an
electronic platform for the Participating Facility’s entry of Membership Program speciﬁc
data; (B) collect Membership Program speciﬁc data from the Participating Facility (including
Program Member usage data) and convey the data and information provided by the
Participating Facility to the Program Provider; (C) disburse Membership Program
reimbursements and fees to the Participating Facility as directed by the Program Provider.
Participating Facility agrees that HC has no independent or derivative liability to the
Participating Facility for any reimbursements, fees or payments due to Participating Facility
from any Program Provider under any Membership Program and that HC’s obligations to
Participating Facility are limited to disbursing monies to Participating Facility received by
HC from the Program Provider as directed by the Program Provider. Participating Facility
acknowledges that HC has made no warranty, guarantee or representations to Participating
Facility concerning the level, if any, of compensation or proﬁt that Participating Facility may
derive from participating in any Membership Program. Participating Facility acknowledges
that HC may receive compensation from a Program Provider (as solely determined by HC
and the Program Provider) for providing its services as a payment processor and
administrator for a Membership Program and that compensation is fully earned by HC and
that Participating Facility has no claim to any part of HC’s compensation. HC agrees to
provide a 1099 Form to each Participating Facility that meets applicable IRS thresholds.
Participating Facility’s that do not meet applicable IRS thresholds may request a 1099 Form
by contacting: compliance@healthycontributions.com. HC will provide Participating
Facility with electronic copies of the Program Member enrollment forms when required by
the Program Provider for use by Participating Facility. Participating Facility is required to use
these forms. Participating Facility understands and acknowledges that the relationship
created hereby is nonexclusive, meaning that either party hereto may do business with any
other party that provides the same or similar services. Participating Facility agrees that HC
may communicate with Participating Facility by, among other methods, email or other
electronic means in order to, among other things, update Participating Facility concerning
Membership Program changes, enhancements, offers and other pertinent information.
These communications may include information concerning health plans or promotional
advertisings in connection with Membership Programs and/or HC’s services.
2. Obligations of Participating Center. The Participating Facility agrees, among other things, to:
(A) provide HC only with accurate data and information reﬂecting actual Program Member
participation in the Membership Program; (B) understand and abide by the Program rules

