Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted:
1.

Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The Franchise Agreement and Area
Development Agreement require you to resolve disputes with the franchisor by
mediation at a place selected by the mediator, by arbitration in Minnesota (or if
franchisor’s principal office is not in Minnesota, at the office of the American
Arbitration Association located closest to its principal office) and/or by litigation
only in Minnesota. Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force
you to accept a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to
mediate at a place selected by the mediator or arbitrate in Minnesota (or if
franchisor’s principal office is not in Minnesota, at the office of the American
Arbitration Association located closest to its principal office) or litigate with the
franchisor in Minnesota, than in your own state.

2.

Spousal Liability. Your spouse must sign a document that makes your spouse
liable for all financial obligations under the franchise agreement even though
your spouse has no ownership interest in the franchise. This guarantee will place
both your and your spouse’s marital and personal assets, perhaps including your
house, at risk if your franchise fails.

3.

Mandatory Minimum Payments. You must make minimum monthly fees,
advertising and other payments, regardless of your sales levels. Your inability to
make the payments may result in termination of your franchise and loss of your
investment.

4.

Supplier Control. You must purchase all or nearly all of the inventory or
supplies that are necessary to operate your business from the franchisor, its
affiliates, or suppliers that the franchisor designates, at prices the franchisor or
they set. These prices may be higher than prices you could obtain elsewhere for
the same or similar goods. This may reduce the anticipated profit of your
franchise business.

5.

Financial Condition. The Franchisor’s guarantor’s financial condition as
reflected in its financial statements (see Item 21) calls into question the
Franchisor’s financial ability to provide services and support to you.

6.

Unopened Franchises. The Franchisor has signed a significant number of
Franchise Agreements with franchisees who have not yet opened their outlets. If
other franchisees are experiencing delays in opening their outlets, you may also
experience delays in opening your own outlet.

Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific
Addenda” to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted.

