20.

MISCELLANEOUS

A.
Unpaid Amounts. Any unpaid amounts owed by you to us or any of our affiliates including
any Royalty Fee, General Advertising and Marketing Fund Fees, other weekly or monthly fees, and product
purchases will bear interest at the rate of one and one half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate
permitted by law, whichever is less. You must reimburse us and our affiliates for all costs incurred in the
collection of unpaid amounts, including attorneys’ fees.
B.
Severability. All provisions of this Agreement are severable and this Agreement will be
interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid or unenforceable provisions were not contained herein
and partially valid and enforceable provisions will be enforced to the extent valid and enforceable. You
and we will substitute a valid and enforceable provision for any specification, standard, operating
procedure, rule or other obligation of either of us, which is determined to be invalid or unenforceable and
is not waived by the other party. Such modifications to this Agreement will be effective only in such
jurisdiction and will be enforced as originally made and entered into in all other jurisdictions.
C.
Cumulative Rights. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, our and your rights
under this Agreement are cumulative and no exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this
Agreement will preclude the exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy under this Agreement or
which we or you are entitled by law to enforce.
D.
Governing Law. Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of
1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 1051 et seq.) and the Federal Arbitration Act, this Agreement and
the franchise relationship will be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota. You waive, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the rights and protections that might be provided through the laws of any state
(including Minnesota) relating to franchises or business opportunities, other than those of the state in which
the Franchised Location is located. This waiver of any rights under Minnesota law will not apply if the
Franchised Location is located in Minnesota or you are a resident of (or if you are an entity, your principal(s)
is a resident of) Minnesota.
E.
Disavowal of Oral Representations. You and we acknowledge that we want all terms of
our business relationship to be defined in this written agreement, and that neither of us wants to enter into
a business relationship with the other in which any terms or obligations are subject to any oral statements
or in which oral statements serve as the basis for creating rights or obligations different than or
supplementary to the rights and obligations as set forth in this Agreement. Therefore, you and we agree
that this Agreement will supersede and cancel any prior and/or contemporaneous discussions between us.
We each agree that we placed, and will place, no reliance on any such discussions. You agree that no
representations have been made to you concerning this Agreement or the Anytime Fitness franchise other
than as contained in this Agreement and in the Franchise Disclosure Document you received before you
signed this Agreement (the “FDD”). You agree that no claims, representations, warranties, or guarantees,
express or implied, regarding actual or potential earnings, sales, profits, or success of your Anytime Fitness
Center have been made to you other than as set forth in Item 19 of the FDD.
F.
Approvals. Wherever our consent or approval is required in this Agreement, unless the
provision specifically indicates otherwise, we have the right to withhold our approval in our discretion, for
any reason, or for no reason. When the terms of this Agreement specifically require that we not
unreasonably withhold our approval or consent, if you are in default or breach under this Agreement, any
withholding of our approval or consent will be considered reasonable. Our approvals and consents will not
be effective unless given in writing.

37

