We do not currently, but we may in the future require you to contract with our designated vendors for
personal training sales development and coaching services.
You must obtain a Compliance Drawing from us. If you are developing a new Anytime Fitness center, we
will provide you with one Compliance Drawing at no additional cost. If you are signing the Franchise
Agreement as part of a franchise renewal or transfer and we determine that your Anytime Fitness center
requires renovation or re-equipment, then you must pay us $250 for your Compliance Drawing, but we will
credit $250 against one Monthly Fee payment if you complete all renovation and re-equipment
requirements by the required due date. In either case, if you require additional Compliance Drawings, you
must pay us $250 for each additional Compliance Drawing.
You must use our designated architectural vendor to provide Construction Documents. We estimate the
fees for these documents will be $17,370 to $30,820.
You must purchase uniforms for your employees from a designated uniform vendor. You must also
purchase a health club surety bond from a designated bond vendor. We require the surety bond to protect
pre-paid memberships and pre-paid personal training revenue you collect. The surety bond is also required
by some state laws.
We offer construction management services through an approved third-party vendor to assist franchisees
with the build-out of Anytime Fitness centers (“Construction Management Services”). Construction
Management Services generally include consulting services regarding construction-related lease
requirements, construction estimates, general contractor bidding and selection (you select the general
contractor), the exterior sign review and approval process, utilities set up, obtaining building permits, site
conditions and work progress, FF&E operation, maintenance and trouble-shooting; providing a punch list
of open issues; construction warranty work; and obtaining occupancy approval. As of the issuance date of
this Disclosure Document, the Construction Management Services are optional. The cost for this program
is approximately $13,500. We may transition the Construction Management Services to a mandatory
program for all franchisees and you must pay for and use the Construction Management Services if you
have not signed a franchise agreement with us or have not commenced the construction of your Anytime
Fitness center by the time we implement the program. You must pay our approved vendor for the
Construction Management Services when you sign its Project/Construction Management Services
Agreement. This payment is not refundable. While our vendor provides consulting services in these various
areas if you sign its Project/Construction Management Services Agreement, you alone are responsible for
all fees, costs, and expenses associated with your Anytime Fitness center’s build-out, including plans and
specifications, permits, licenses, construction and materials, FF&E, installation and insurance.
We may also negotiate preferred vendor contracts with vendors. The preferred vendor contracts will usually
provide favorable pricing to our franchisees. A list of current preferred vendor contracts will be available
to you from us at any time after you sign your Franchise Agreement.
As further described above, we have the right to designate a single source or sources from whom you must
purchase any required products and services, and we and/or our affiliates may be that single source or one
or more of the sources.
We and our affiliates may derive revenue from your purchases or leases of goods, services, supplies,
fixtures, equipment, inventory and products from our mandatory, designated or preferred suppliers. This
income may be in the form of percentage rebates on the purchases you make from the vendor or fixed
amounts on supplies and services. Those rebates are typically up to 15% of the purchases you make from
the vendor. There are also some vendors who pay us fixed rebates on supplies and services.

FDD

25

