If we assume any leases for the premises for your Anytime Fitness Center or if we assume the
leases for other tangible leased assets used in your Anytime Fitness Center under this Section, you will pay,
remove or satisfy any liens or other encumbrances on your leasehold interests and will pay in full all
amounts due the lessor under the leases existing at or prior to assumption. We are not liable for any
obligation you incur before the date we assume any leases.
17.

YOUR COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE

A.
During Term. You will not, directly or indirectly, during the term of this Agreement, on
your own account or as an employee, consultant, partner, officer, director, shareholder or member of any
other person, firm, entity, partnership, corporation or company, own, operate, lease to or lease from,
franchise, engage in, be connected with, have any interest in, or assist any person or entity engaged in
owning, operating, or managing any other fitness center, exercise facility, health club, gym or business
which offers exercise classes, personal training, fitness equipment, group training or nutrition or recovery
services, wherever located, whether within the Protected Territory or elsewhere. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, before you open your Anytime Fitness Center (and so long as you do not own any other Anytime
Fitness center that is open under any other agreement with us), you may be employed at another fitness
center that is operated at a site other than the one at which your Anytime Fitness Center will be located,
provided that (i) neither you nor any of your immediate family owns any equity interest in the fitness center,
(ii) the fitness center does not utilize a keyless entry system, (iii) the center is not open more than eighteen
(18) hours per day, and (iv) you terminate your employment with that fitness center, and any other
relationship you have with that fitness center, prior to the date you open your Anytime Fitness Center.
B.
After Expiration, Termination, or Transfer. You will not, directly or indirectly for a period
of two (2) years after the transfer by you, or the expiration or termination of this Agreement, on your own
account or as an employee, consultant, partner, officer, director, shareholder, lender, or joint venturer of
any other person, firm, entity, partnership, corporation or company, own, operate, lease to or lease from,
franchise, conduct, engage in, be connected with, have any interest in or assist any person or entity engaged
in any fitness center, exercise facility, health club, gym or business which offers exercise classes, personal
training, fitness equipment, group training or nutrition or recovery services which is located within the
Protected Territory or within a ten (10) mile radius of any Anytime Fitness center, wherever located,
whether within the Protected Territory or elsewhere; provided, however, that in metropolitan areas having
a population of more than 50,000 persons, the foregoing ten (10) mile radius restriction will be limited to a
radius of five (5) miles from any Anytime Fitness center (including the one you formerly operated under
this Agreement).
C.
Reasonableness. You agree that the scope of the prohibitions set forth in Sections 17.A
and 17.B are reasonable and necessary to protect us and the System (including other franchisees of the
System). You agree that the prohibitions in Section 17.A must be very broad in order to prevent you from
taking information, materials and training we are providing to you on an ongoing basis and using them to
either compete with us, or preempt or otherwise restrict our ability to enter new markets. You agree that
the time period and the scope of the prohibitions set forth in Section 17.B are the reasonable and necessary
time and distance needed to protect us if this Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason. You also
agree that you have many other opportunities available to earn a living, and that these restrictions will not
preclude you from engaging in a lawful trade or business for which you otherwise have training or
experience.
D.
Exception. The purchase of a publicly traded security of a corporation engaged in a
competitive business or service will not in itself be deemed violative of this Section 17 so long as you do
not own, directly or indirectly, more than five percent (5%) of the securities of such corporation.

32

