our predecessor began recommending that existing franchisees use the Training Suite, and most of those
existing franchisees signed a training addendum to our franchise agreement, under which they began using
the Training Suite.
As of February 28, 2025 there were 2,289 franchised centers in the Anytime Fitness system. We had 1,656
franchised centers that were open and operating for the 12 month period ended February 28, 2025 (the
“Relevant Time Period”), were running the Training Suite, now known as Coaching Suite, for the
Relevant Time Period and reported training revenues to us during the Relevant Time Period. The earliest
of these centers opened in 2003 and the latest in 2023. We included one center in this group that our affiliate
transferred to a franchisee because that center operated as a franchised center for approximately 11 of the
12 months of the Relevant Time Period. We excluded two centers that were severely damaged and
temporarily closed for rebuilding during the Relevant Time Period. We also excluded 29 centers that
permanently closed during the Relevant Time Period. None of these centers operated for less than 12
months before closing.
These centers received monthly revenue from 3 primary sources. One source is monthly membership fees
from ongoing members. Another source is pay-per-visit fees, which are typically paid by employers or
insurance companies who pay a nominal fee on behalf of their employee or insured for each visit. A third
source is coaching/personal training revenue. (A fourth source of revenue is one-time enrollment fees for
new members, but these fees are not charged by all centers and the fees are not consistent between centers.
A fifth source is vending income, which some centers do not have and is, in any event, minimal. We do
not provide information on these additional revenue sources.)
The chart immediately below provides information on certain revenue streams as detailed in the chart, along
with monthly membership count, of the 1,656 Anytime Fitness centers for the Relevant Time Period based
on information these centers reported to us. This chart also provides this same information for each group
of centers in each quartile. Centers were placed in quartiles based on their individual total revenue for the
Relevant Time Period. The 414 centers with the highest total revenue during the Relevant Time Period
were placed in the Fourth Quartile, the next 414 in the Third Quartile, the next 414 in the Second Quartile
and the last 414 centers in the Fourth Quartile.

FDD

53

