ITEM 13.
TRADEMARKS
The Franchise Agreement gives you the right to operate a fitness center under the trade names, trademarks,
and service marks that we establish. You must follow our rules when you use our marks.
All of the marks have been registered on the Principal Register of the United States Patent and Trademark
Office. These are the principal trademarks you will use in operating your Anytime Fitness center:
Mark
ANYTIME FITNESS
ANYTIME FITNESS
ANYTIME FITNESS EXPRESS

Registration Number
2,814,114
3,316,351
3,302,636

Registration Date
February 10, 2004
August 19, 2014
October 23, 2007
October 2, 2007

7,014,079

March 28, 2023

7,732,579

March 18, 2025

4,587,873

There are no currently effective determinations of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark
Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, no pending infringement,
opposition or cancellation proceedings and no pending litigation involving any mark that may significantly
affect our ownership or use of our principal mark.
All affidavits required to preserve and renew these marks have been or will be filed. No agreements limit
our right to use or license the use of our marks. You may not use the words “Anytime Fitness” or any
similar name in your corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other entity name. You may not
use all or part of the “Anytime Fitness” name, our other marks, or any similar name, word or symbol, or
variant thereof, in a domain name, account name, profile or URL without our written permission.
We will protect and maintain all rights to our marks against encroachment, misuse or unauthorized use and
against all challenges to any rights of its use, as we deem appropriate. You must notify us immediately
when you learn about an infringement of or challenge to the use of our marks. We will have the right to
take the action we think appropriate, including bringing actions against third parties regarding use of any
of our marks, but the Franchise Agreement does not require us to take any specific affirmative action. We
will control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving our Marks. You must cooperate with us
and take all actions as may be desirable in the opinion of our counsel to carry out the defense or prosecution.
While we are not required to defend you against a claim based on your use of our marks, we will either do
so, or we will reimburse you for your liability as long as you properly use our marks, including against any
claims of infringement or unfair competition arising out of your use of the Marks.
We may change our marks and require you to adopt new marks as if they were part of the Franchise
Agreement at the time of its execution. You must comply with these changes immediately, at your expense,
after we notify you that we have discontinued, modified or changed one or more of our marks. We will
have no liability or obligation because of the discontinuation, modification or change. You must not directly
or indirectly contest the validity of our ownership of the marks or our right to use or license our marks,

FDD

46

