Property or proceeds requested by Debtor unless such request is made in writing, and then only if Lender determines that the requested
actions would not jeopardize the value of the Property as security for the Obligations. Lender may at any time deliver the Property, or
any part thereof, to Debtor, and the receipt thereof by Debtor shall be a complete and full acquittance of the Property so delivered, and
Lender shall thereafter be discharged from any liability or responsibility therefor.
8.
Events of Default. The occurrence of any Event of Default as defined in the Secured Loan Agreement shall
constitute an Event of Default hereunder.
9.

Remedies.

Upon

the occurrence

of any Event of Default, Lender

shall have the right to exercise all rights and

remedies available to it at law or in equity or otherwise provided under the Secured Loan Agreement.
10.
Costs, Expenses and Attorneys' Fees.
All payments, advances, charges, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and
expenses, including reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys’ fees, made or incurred by Lender in exercising any right, power or remedy
conferred by this Agreement or in the enforcement thereof following an Event of Default shall be paid to Lender by Debtor
immediately upon demand, together with interest at the default rate of interest as defined in the Note.
11.
Miscellaneous. Presentment, protest, notice of protest, notice of dishonor, notice of nonpayment and notice of
acceptance of this Agreement are hereby waived. Any right to direct the application of payments or security for the Obligations and
any right to require proceedings against others or to require exhaustion of security are waived. Consent to extensions, forbearances or
alterations-of the terms of indebtedness, the release or substitution of security, and the release of guarantors is given with respect to the
Property and all proceeds:subject to this Agreement. Until all Obligations shall have been paid in full, Debtor shall have no right to
subrogation or contribution, and Debtor hereby waives any benefit of or any right to participate in any Property, proceeds or other
security whatsoever now or hereafter held by Lender.
12,
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns and
shall be binding upon Debtor and its successors and assigns; provided, however, that Debtor shall not assign its rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Lender which may be withheld in its sole discretion,
13.
Arkansas Law Applicable.
State of Arkansas.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the

14.
Severability of Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under
applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the
remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Agreement.
15,
JURY WAIVER.
DEBTOR HEREBY WAIVESITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN THE EVENT OF ANY
DISPUTE OR LITIGATION ARISING HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY RELATED DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH.
IN WITNESS

WHEREOF,

the Debtor has executed this Pledge and Security Agreement as of the date set forth in the

preface.

"Debtor"

By:
Title:
Address:

