territory will include a population of no more than 30,000 people. We may attach a map to your Franchise
Agreement that will identify the protected territory or we may simply describe an area surrounding your
location. Protected territories may overlap, but we will not approve anyone opening an Anytime Fitness
center, or relocating an Anytime Fitness center, into a protected territory given to another Anytime Fitness
center. (By way of example, one person may have an Anytime Fitness center in the center of City A, with
a territory of 2 miles in all directions, while another person has an Anytime Fitness center in the center of
City B, located 3 miles away from the site of the first franchisee’s Anytime Fitness center, and also with a
territory of 2 miles. While the protected territories overlap, each franchisee’s business is located outside
the protected territory of the other franchisee, and it cannot be relocated within the other franchisee’s
protected territory). We cannot unilaterally change your protected territory, and there are no minimum
quotas required; as long as your Franchise Agreement is in effect, you will retain the rights described in
this paragraph. If we and you agree to renew your Anytime Fitness franchise, we will recalculate the
population in your market and reserve the right to modify your protected territory in accordance with our
then-current guidelines.
The criteria we use for determining the boundaries of the protected territory in your Franchise Agreement
include density of population, growth trends of population, apparent degree of affluence of population, the
density of residential and business entities, traffic generators, driving time, and natural boundaries. During
the term of your Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or license to anyone else the right to operate an
Anytime Fitness center that is physically located in your protected territory, except for fitness centers within
private establishments where access to those centers is limited to employees of the business, or transient
guests of the business who, in either case, would not have reciprocity with any other Anytime Fitness center
as a result of their use or membership in this private center. However, we and our affiliates can operate
fitness studios/businesses, or grant others the right to do so, outside your protected territory, including
fitness studios/businesses operated under the Anytime Fitness name or Marks, even if they compete for
members with your center, and even if the territorial boundaries for that franchise overlap with the
boundaries for your territory. We and our affiliates also have the right to operate, and to grant franchises
or licenses to others to operate, any fitness studios/businesses and any other business from locations within
this territory under trademarks other than “Anytime Fitness”, without compensation to you.
We may also have situations where we designate a “TBD” (to be determined) territory. If you receive a
TBD territory, you have the right to look for a site in any area that has not already been given as a protected
territory to another Anytime Fitness center. However, if you find a proposed site in near proximity to
another Anytime Fitness center, even though not in that center’s protected territory, we may offer the site
to the existing franchisee before we agree to assign that area to you or grant you the right to develop your
studio at that site.
Relocation
You must provide us at least 60 days’ prior notice and obtain our consent before you intend to relocate your
Anytime Fitness center. The new location must be within your protected territory, and it may not be located
within any territory we grant to any other franchisee. You must upgrade the new space to comply with all
of our current specifications.
Customers
We do not restrict the customers you may serve, and you generally may solicit customers outside your
territory, including through channels of distribution such as the Internet, telemarketing or other direct
marketing sales. However, you may not offer or sell products and services via the Internet, including livestreaming or recorded classes or sessions, trainings, or work-outs or via an application, web-based or
otherwise (whether inside or outside your protected territory). You may not, without our consent (which
we may withhold in our sole discretion), solicit businesses or organizations located outside your geographic

FDD

44

