MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all
Anytime Fitness franchises offered and sold in the state of Minnesota:
This Minnesota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Minnesota or if your business
will be located in Minnesota.
1.
Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in this Agreement can abrogate or reduce
any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C or your rights to any procedure,
forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.
2.
Franchisor will comply with Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14, subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require,
except in certain specified cases, that the Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days
to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the Franchise Agreement.
3.

Section 3 of the Franchise Agreement is revised to include the following:

To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, Franchisor will protect your rights
to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other commercial symbols,
or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand
regarding your use of the marks, provided you are using the Names and Marks in
accordance with this Agreement.
4.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
5.
Franchisor shall not require Franchisee to assent to a release, assignment, novation or
waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to
80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date first set
forth below.
Franchisor:
ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC

Franchisee:

By:
Its:
Date:

By:
Its:
Date:

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

