or otherwise receive from your Provider any other fees or any fees, portion of fees, or other payments that
are calculated based on the revenue received by the Provider for providing Provider or related services.
You agree to process all payments you receive from your Provider or otherwise in connection with your
participation in the Provider Program through either our mandated Club Management Software or our
mandated billing processor.
6.

RECOVERY OR PROVIDER ROOM.

Prior to allowing your Provider to provide services in your Anytime Fitness Center, you agree to either:
1) convert an existing room; or 2) build a new room to serve as a “Recovery or Provider Room.” The
Recovery or Provider Room must meet the specifications set forth in the AF Design Standards and must
be approved in writing by a member of the AF Construction & Design Team prior to use.
7.

TERM AND TERMINATION.

a.
The term of this Addendum will commence on the Effective Date set forth in the Rider
attached to this Addendum, and subject to earlier termination as described herein, will automatically and
immediately terminate upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement.
b.
This Addendum automatically and immediately terminates upon the termination or
expiration of any agreement between us or our affiliates and your Provider, if a Corporate Provider or, in
the event your Provider is a Local Provider, this Addendum automatically and immediately terminates upon
the termination or expiration of any agreement between you and your Provider.
c.
Upon termination or expiration of this Addendum, all rights granted to you under this
Addendum shall terminate, and you shall have the following obligations: (i) upon our request, you will
immediately deliver to us all Confidential Information related to the Provider Program, including any
operation manual or materials specific to the Provider Program, in your possession or control, and all copies
and any other forms of reproductions of these materials and any other materials provided by us and all
copies thereof of any other forms of reproductions of these materials, and you shall neither retain nor convey
to another any copy or record of any of the foregoing and you agree that all these materials are our exclusive
property; (ii) you shall immediately cease offering Provider services at your Center or to members of your
Center; (iii) you shall comply with the applicable covenants contained in this Addendum and the Franchise
Agreement, including, but not limited to, the covenants not to compete and the covenants not to disclose
trade secrets or Confidential Information; and (iv) from and after termination of this Addendum, upon our
request, you shall cooperate with us in connection with any steps required or appropriate to be taken as a
result of the termination of this Addendum, and you shall furnish us, upon request, such further information,
execute and deliver such other documents and do such other acts and things, all as we may reasonably request
for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Addendum.
8.

TRANSFER.

In the event of the transfer or assignment of your Franchise Agreement, your transferee or assignee will be
required to sign an addendum, in similar form to this Addendum, agreeing to continue to offer services as
part of the Provider Program for the remaining term of the Provider Contract or the Franchise Agreement,
whichever comes first, or, at the transferee’s election, it may terminate this Agreement and comply with
Section 7.
9.

OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION.

You acknowledge and agree that the information that we or our affiliates obtain from you or your affiliates
through the access and use of the Provider Program or information in your records related to the Provider

5

