NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all
Anytime Fitness franchises offered and sold in the state of North Dakota:
This North Dakota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of North Dakota or if your
business will be located in North Dakota.
1.

Section 2.B of the Franchise Agreement is amended by deleting clause (8) thereof.

2.
Section 16.H of the Franchise Agreement is modified to delete any requirement that
franchisee consent to termination penalties or liquidated damages.
3.

Section 17.B of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following language at

the end:
Covenants not to compete, such as those mentioned in this Section 17.B, are subject to
Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Codified Code.
4.

Sections 18.E, 18.F and 18.G of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety.

5.
Section 20.D of the Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that the Franchise
Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of North Dakota.
6.
No provision of the Franchise Agreement shall be interpreted to accelerate any statute of
limitations contained in any provision of the North Dakota Codified Code.
7.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date first set
forth below.
Franchisor:
ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC
By:
Its:
Date:

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

Franchisee:
By:
Its:
Date:

