information to us when, and in the form and manner, we require. Also, on or before April 15 of each year,
you must provide us with a copy of your federal tax return and the federal tax returns of your owners for
the previous tax year.
B.
Review Rights. You will make all of your financial books and records available to us and
our designated representatives at all reasonable times for review. Your financial books and records for each
fiscal and calendar year will be kept in a secure place and will be available for review by us for at least five
(5) years after the end thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, we reserve the right, without notice to you,
to independently access the Anytime Fitness Center’s accounting and financial systems and data or any
accounting or financial systems used or required by us for the System to determine Gross Revenue and fees
due to us under this Agreement, and you shall grant us access to all such accounting and financial systems
and data.
13.

ASSIGNMENT OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

A.
By Us. We may transfer or assign this Agreement or any or all of the rights, interests,
benefits or obligations arising under it without restriction. Upon any transfer or assignment of this
Agreement by us, we will be released from all obligations and liabilities arising or accruing in connection
with this Agreement after the date of such transfer or assignment.
B.
Conditions to Your Transfer or Assignment. This Agreement, and your rights and
obligations under it, are and will remain personal to you. As used in this Agreement, the term “Transfer”
will mean any sale, lease, assignment, gift, pledge, mortgage or any other encumbrance, transfer by
bankruptcy, transfer by your disability or death or by judicial order, merger, consolidation, share exchange,
transfer by operation of law or otherwise, whether direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary, of this
Agreement or any interest in it, or any rights or obligations arising under it, or of any material portion of
your assets used to operate your Anytime Fitness Center, or of any interest in you, or if you are a
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity, a transfer, pledge, assignment, or other
disposition of direct or indirect control or ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of any interest in your
entity. In addition, if there are two (2) individuals signing this Agreement as Franchisee, and one (1) of
those individuals is no longer involved in the ownership of your Anytime Fitness Center, the withdrawal of
that person will be considered a “Transfer.” A “Transfer” will also be deemed to occur when there are more
than two (2) people listed as the Franchisee and there is a change in the ownership of your Anytime Fitness
Center such that less than a majority of the original signators continue to have a majority interest in the
equity of the business. You (and your shareholders, partners and members) will not directly or indirectly
make a Transfer without our prior written consent and any transfer shall be subject to our right of first
refusal, as set forth in Section 19 below. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, we will not
unreasonably withhold, delay or condition our consent to a Transfer, subject to all of the following
conditions being satisfied:
1.
you are in full compliance with this Agreement, you have no uncured defaults, and
all your debts and financial obligations to us and our affiliates are current;
2.
you provide us with all information we may require concerning the proposed
transaction (including a copy of the purchase agreement and all related documents), and the proposed
transferee;
3.
we are satisfied that the proposed transferee (and if the proposed transferee is an
entity, all holders of any interest in such entity) meets all of the requirements for our new franchisees,
including, but not limited to, good reputation and character, business experience, and financial strength,
credit rating and liquidity, and that the sale price is not excessive;

25

