Service Agreement
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1 “Affiliate” means any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the
indicated person or entity.
1.2 “AF Agreement” means that certain Software and Services Agreement between TSI and Anytime Fitness, LLC ( “Anytime
Fitness”), with an effective date of March 31, 2019, as amended , and as may be further amended from time to time.
1.3 “Agreement” means this written software subscription agreement for the Licensed System and/or Services between TSI and
Client.
1.4 “Confidential Information” shall mean all written or oral information, disclosed by any party to the other, related to the operations
of any party or a third party that has been identified as confidential or that by the nature of the information or the circumstances
surrounding disclosure ought reasonably to be treated as confidential.
1.5 “Client Data” means information provided by Your End-Users or You in connection with the Licensed System, together with any
such changes to such data and information resulting from the use of Licensed System; including without limitation, personal
information, transactional, and credit card information, any videos, workouts, dietary, and work-out logs.
1.6 “End Users” means a user of the Licensed System. End Users may include but are not limited to Your employees, members,
consultants, contractors and agents, and third parties with which You transact business.
1.7 “Licensed System” means the TSI cloud-based software application and features offered to Client pursuant to the AF
Agreement. and may include additional modules or features agreed upon by the parties from time to time in an Order Form.
1.8 “Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean any and all now known or hereafter known tangible and intangible (a) rights associated
with works of authorship, including but not limited to copyrights and moral rights, (b) trademark and trade name rights and similar
rights, (c) trade secret rights, (d) patents, designs, algorithms and other industrial property rights, (e) all other intellectual and industrial
property rights (of every kind and nature however designated) (including logos, “rental” rights and rights to remuneration), whether
arising by operation of law, contract, license, or otherwise, and (f) all registrations, initial applications, renewals, extensions,
continuations, divisions or reissues hereof now or hereafter in force (including any rights in any of the foregoing).
1.9 “Malicious Code” means viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses and other harmful or malicious code, files, scripts, agents
or programs.
1.10 “Order Form” means the documents for placing orders for the additional add-ins and features to the Licensed System not
contemplated in this Agreement or the AF Agreement, that are entered into between TSI and Client from time to time, including
addenda and supplements thereto. Order Forms shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference.
1.11 “Privacy Policy” means a written policy stating TSI’s practices in the collection and disclosure of information from End Users of
its products and services.
1.12 “Services” means Technical Support, Hosting Services, other services performed by TSI under this Agreement.
1.13 “Technical Support” means TSI’s services which provide End-User support, technical support, fixes, patches and routine
updates to the Licensed System.
1.14 “Website” means club-os.com
1.15 “We,” “Us” or “Our”, “TSI” or “Club OS” means Technique Software, Inc. d/b/a Club OS.
1.16 “You” or “Your” or “Client” or “Club” means the company or other legal entity for which you are accepting this Agreement, and
Affiliates of that company or entity.
1.17 “Usage Data” means all informational data regarding use of the Licensed System by End-Users.
2.
LICENSE
2.1
Grant of License. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the AF Agreement as well as the payment of all applicable
subscription fees for the Licensed System, TSI grants Client and Client accepts a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-assignable license to access and use the Licensed System with the particular user roles available to Client according to Client
subscription type.
3.
SERVICES
3.1
Usage Limitations: Use of the Licensed System may be subject to limitations. Any such limitations will be specified in this
Agreement and in the Website Terms of Use made available on the Website and updated from time to time.
3.2
Use Disclaimer: Except as set forth in in Section 6.1, Your use and access of the Licensed System, the TSI Website and
all contents associated therewith are at your sole risk.
3.3
Provision of Services. We shall make the Licensed System and Services available to You pursuant to this Agreement and
the relevant Order Forms during the subscription term specified in the Order Form. You agree that Your purchases hereunder are
neither contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features nor dependent on any oral or written public comments made
by Us regarding future functionality or features.
3.4
Club Subscriptions. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Order Form, (i) the Licensed System is purchased as per
Club subscriptions and may be accessed by no more than the specified number of Client Clubs agreed to by Anytime Fitness and
TSI, (ii) additional Club subscriptions may be added during the applicable subscription term at the same pricing as that for the preexisting subscriptions thereunder, prorated for the remainder of the subscription term in effect at the time the additional Club
subscriptions are added, and (iii) the added Club subscriptions shall terminate in accordance with Section 9. Club subscriptions are
for designated Clubs only and cannot be shared or used by more than one Club.
3.5
Service Availability. While TSI intends that the Licensed System should be available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, it
is possible that on occasions the Licensed System may be unavailable to permit maintenance or other development activity to take
place. If for any reason TSI has to interrupt the availability of the Licensed System or Services for longer periods than TSI would
normally expect, TSI will use reasonable endeavors to provide advance written notice to You.
3.6
Help Desk. In the case of technical problems, Client must make all reasonable efforts to investigate and diagnose problems
before contacting TSI. If Client still needs technical help, please check the support provided online by TSI on the Website or failing

