virtual format, at our corporate office, or in any region. The following training opportunities are currently
available:
Vitals Training: The Vitals program typically includes about 12 to 16 hours of training in business
leadership and operations, marketing, prospecting, customer service, system-wide initiatives, and general
business practice coaching. We offer this program about 5 to 7 times every other year (years in which we
do not have a Franchisee Conference), and it may be offered in a virtual format, in-person in various regions
at a hotel, or at our corporate offices in Woodbury, Minnesota. Some or all of these programs, or their
components, may be presented online or in another virtual format, and the total hours of training may vary
based on the content and the manner in which the material is presented. The same people who provide the
initial training, and are responsible for the initial training, will provide and be responsible for this training.
We do not charge you for this training, but you are responsible for travel costs, room and board, and the
salaries, fringe benefits, and other expenses you and your employees incur in attending these programs, if
applicable. We reserve the right to charge for this training in the future. The materials we use for this
training are developed from a variety of sources. We reserve the right to change the name, format and
content of this training program at our discretion.
Coaching Suite Training: The Coaching Suite Training is included as part of the initial training program.
Attendance is required by at least one of your Principal Owners, before you can implement the Coaching
Suite at your Anytime Fitness center. If you are an existing franchisee that will now elect to offer the
Coaching Suite at your center, and have not already attended training, then you must attend the Coaching
Suite Training. This training is offered virtually. Our current fee for this training is $250 per person.
Multiple Club Operator Training: Multiple Club Operator Training is a 2-day workshop that focuses on
common themes and challenges specific to multi-club owners. This training is offered at our corporate
offices in Minnesota or at another location we designate. It is offered at our discretion, on an as-needed
basis, and may not be offered in any given year. The curriculum focuses on areas used to elevate you, your
business, and your brand. This optional training is designed specifically and exclusively for Anytime
Fitness owners that operate three or more Anytime Fitness centers. Curriculum will consist of about 8 hours
of marketing and strategy plus about 8 hours of business operations and strategy related specifically to
multiple club operators. The total hours of training may vary based on the content and the manner in which
the material is presented. We do not charge you for this training, but if you elect to participate, you are
responsible for travel costs, room and board, and the salaries, fringe benefits, and other expenses you and
your employees incur in attending these programs, if applicable. The materials we use for this training are
developed from a variety of sources.
Additional Training or On-Site Relaunch Training: If you need additional operations training or are a new
franchisee purchasing an existing club then we will send a representative or designee out to the purchased
club for 2 to 6 days of on-site training in club operations. For new franchisees purchasing an existing club
this training will also include pre- and post-visit coaching communications and will be scheduled to occur
within 180 calendar days after the closing on your purchase of the existing club. The fee for this on-site
training is $4,000. Travel costs, room and board for corporate staff are included in the fee. If you cancel a
scheduled on-site training program, then you must pay our then-current on-site training cancellation fee.
The current on-site training cancellation fee is as follows: (i) there is no cancellation fee for the on-site
training if you cancel it at least 30 days before the scheduled training, and (ii) there is a 100% cancellation
fee if you cancel it less than 30 days before the scheduled training. You must provide certain documents
related to the club performance at least 14 days in advance of the on-site training visit. If you fail to provide
the requested documents at least 14 days in advance you must re-book the training and pay us a $2,000 rebooking fee in addition to the fee you paid for the training.
Online Training: We may offer additional training opportunities for franchisees via courses offered online,
by webinar or in another virtual format. The content may include topics such as marketing, operations,

FDD

34

