cpeeg: wt

©

od om aio’

iFinance

FINANCIAL

Agreement

create
the
life you want
_ is a contract between Guidant Financial Group,

This Agreement to Provide Services, dated
Inc, (“GFG”) and

(“Client’).
, your
Upon return of a signed and completed copy of this Agreement, subject to the
payment of GFG’s Agreed Fee, and the approval of this Agreement by GFG’s compliance department, you will have
retained GFG to produce documents and to provide services required for the iFinance program, as detailed below:

Please add the optional expedited service to the Agreed Fee for an additional $499.00. This includes the expedited filing fee
(where available), overnight delivery of documents as necessary, and expedited processing priority. This service is not
offered for all states - consult your Consultant for details.’
Method of payment (select one of the choices below):

| have read, understand and agree to the terms of this agreement as detailed in the linked “
Printed Name

Date

Client Signature

"8

4 The default state of filing will be the Client's state of residence, unless otherwise indicated by the client and agreed to by GFG. Itis the client's responsibility to
notify GFG if cient would prefer to file in a state other than client's state of residence. The number of shares and par value authorized for your Corporation will
be determined based on GFG's standard practices, unless agreed to otherwise. GFG will pay up to $500 in filing fees directly associated with the filing of the
Articles of Incorporation. Filing fees will be determined by state filing fee requirements and based on GFG's standard filing practices, unless agreed to otherwise.
Any filing fees, including fees related to the expedite of such filing, in excess of $500 are the sole responsibility of the client and such excess fees must be paid
by the client to GFG in advance of filing the Articles of Incorporation. GFG cannot guarantee the processing times for filings and will not be held liable for aay
damages caused by delay from processing a filing.
Fee, you wilt have the opportunity to engage GFG for the required recordkeeping services of your 401(k) Pian. Recordkeeping fees
begin at $119 per month. Fees will be paid in accordance with the terms of the Recordkeeping Agreement. Additional Recordkeeping fees may apply.

5 in addition to the Agreed

§ As detailed in Paragraph

10 of the “Terms of Agreement.”

7 EXPEDITE filings in California will incur an additional charge of $200 for each entity.

This charge will be added to the Agreed Fee.

8 Each individual contributing retirement funds to the iFinance is required to sign the agreement.

iFinance Agreement | 12.12.21 tel 888 472 4455

1120 12" Ave NLE., Ste. 410 | Bellevue, WA 98004
www.guidantfinancial.com

.

| fax 877.974 7080

| web

© 2015 Guidant Financial Group, inc. All ights reserved.

