exercising any other right which the holder may be entitled to exercise upon the happening of such event and the failure to exercise
any right hereunder which the holder may be entitled to exercise shall not constitute a waiver of the right to exercise said right or any
other right upon the subsequent occurrence of any such event nor shall any waiver by the Lender of any such right or rights on any one
occasion be deemed a bar to or waiver of the same right or rights on any future occasion. All endorsers, guarantors, sureties or other
persons who may now or hereafter be liable for the payment of this Promissory Note, by endorsing, guaranteeing or assuming this
Promissory Note, consent to all of the terms and conditions herein contained and agree that this Promissory Note may be modified,
extended or renewed in whole or in part, without notice, including (a) the impairment, substitution, exchange or release at any time or
times of all or any part of any security or collateral security now or hereafter furnished, (b) the release of, or the impairment of the
right of recourse against Borrower or any endorser, guarantor, surety or any other person now or hereafter liable hereon, (c) the
substitution of, renewal or extension of this Promissory Note, (d) the modification of any terms hereof, or other agreement now or
hereafter given in connection with or as security for this Promissory Note, and (e) any change in the rate of interest, if any, hereon or
the imposition of any fees whether authorized under this Promissory Note, or any note, mortgage, security agreement, loan agreement,
or any other agreement now or hereafter given in connection with or as security for this Promissory Note.
11.
No Modifications.
This Promissory Note may not be changed, modified or amended orally, but only by an
agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought.
12.
Choice.of Laws. This Promissory Note is to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
Arkansas and applicable federal law. In the event of any dispute concerning the interpretation, application or enforcement of this
Promissory Note, or any other document executed in connection herewith, the sole and exclusive venue for same shall be the Circuit
Court in and for the County of Pulaski, State of Arkansas. Borrower hereby consents to the jurisdiction of said Court. The Lender and
Borrower understand, acknowledge and agree the Promissory Note is governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas and applicable
federal Jaw.
13.
Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Promissory Note or in any other
loan document executed in connection herewith shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Promissory Note or any other loan document
executed in connection herewith, and in lieu of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as
part of this Promissory Note a provision as similar in terms to such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision as may be possible and
be valid, legal and enforceable thereafter.
14.
Binding Effect. This Promissory Note and all covenants, promises and agreements contained herein or associated
herewith shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective legal representatives, personal representatives, devisees, heirs,
successors and assigns of the Lender and the Borrower. The term "Lender" shall be deemed to mean the holder of this Promissory
Note from time to time.
15,
No Joint Venture. Borrower recognizes and agrees that the relationship between Lender and Borrower shall be
strictly construed as a relationship between a debtor and a secured party and never as a joint venture or similar relationship between
Lender and Borrower. Except with respect to its specific contractual obligations Lender shall not be obligated to perform or discharge
any obligation or duty of Borrower with respect to (a) the operation of the Collateral or (b) the performance of any obligations under
any Membership Contracts affecting the Collateral. Borrower covenants and agrees to hold harmless, defend and indemnify the
Lender from and against any liability arising with respect to (a) Borrower’s operation of the Clubs or (b) Borrower’s performance of
any of its covenants or obligations under any of the membership contracts affecting the Collateral
16.
JURY WAIVER.
BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES BORROWER’S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN THE
EVENT OF ANY DISPUTE OR LITIGATION ARISING HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY RELATED DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. BORROWER COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION AND VENUE FOR ALL LITIGATION ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE ENFORCEMENT,
COLLECTION OR ADMINISTRATION OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE SHALL REST EXCLUSIVELY IN PULASKI
COUNTY, ARKANSAS, AND BORROWER WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO ASSERT OTHER WISE.

