SEB Franchising Guarantor LLC
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022

Fair Value Measurements
The Company follows the provisions of FASB’s authoritative guidance regarding Fair Value
Measurements. This guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the “exit price”) in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date and establishes a fair value hierarchy categorized into three
levels based on the inputs used.
Generally, the three levels are as follows:
Level 1

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.

Level 2

Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3

Significant unobservable inputs.

The Company does not have any significant fair value measurements on a recurring or
nonrecurring basis for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The carrying amount of cash approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these
instruments.
Subsequent Events
Subsequent events have been evaluated by management for recognition or disclosure through
March 21, 2025, which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
2.

Guarantees
The Company established franchise capital accounts in which the Company maintains funds
necessary to either provide a guarantee for franchising subsidiaries or to support any franchisor
liquidity or net worth requirement, including in respect of eligibility for any exemptions applicable to
franchisors or licensors of franchises under the applicable franchise laws. The Company may
accept receipt of unrestricted funds credited to such franchise capital account by Anytime
Fitness, LLC, deposit to the franchise capital account the proceeds of capital contributions made to
such account, and disburse funds from the franchise capital account to fund any loan or advance
made in accordance with the base indenture.

3.

Contingencies
Legal
The Company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and investigations covering a wide
range of matters that may arise in the ordinary course of business. Management believes the
resolutions of claims and pending litigation will not have a material effect, individually or in the
aggregate, on the financial statements of the Company.
Concentration of Risk
Credit Risk
Cash and cash equivalents are financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to a
concentration of credit risk. The Company maintains cash in major financial institutions, which are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. The Company
maintains balances in excess of these limits, but does not believe that such deposits are subject to
any unusual risk.

8

