or partners, purchase additional equipment or technology, and provide additional training to your staff in
order to offer these products or services. You will at all times be responsible for the conduct of the day-today operation of your Anytime Fitness Center and for the terms of employment for your employees.
1.
You acknowledge that the mandatory standards, specifications and policies we
establish are not aimed at the day-to-day operation of your business, which will solely be within your
control, but are merely intended to preserve the goodwill of the System and Marks.
2.
Notwithstanding any requirements in the standards, specifications and policies of
the System that require your Anytime Fitness Center to be open twenty-four (24) hours per day, if any state
or local laws require you to have a staff member on the premises at all times that persons are using your
Anytime Fitness Center, we may, at our sole discretion, consent to you operating your Anytime Fitness
Center less than 24 hours per day. We also require you to staff your Anytime Fitness center for a minimum
amount of hours per week and may require you to offer personal training, nutrition, physical therapy,
recovery or other health and wellness coaching services to your members. We may require you to contract
with our designated vendor for personal training sales development and coaching services.
3.
We reserve the right to have someone conduct an inspection of your Anytime
Fitness Center after you open. We will provide you a copy of the report at your request. If your Anytime
Fitness Center does not receive a passing score from that visit, a new inspection will be conducted. This
process will be repeated until you have received a passing score. At our option, you must pay us for a final
inspection fee we establish for each failed inspection to defer any costs we incur in re-inspecting your
Anytime Fitness Center after the first inspection. This fee will be payable in the manner we specify.
4.
If you fail to maintain the premises of your Anytime Fitness Center in a condition
that satisfies our reasonable requirements, or if you otherwise fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement, we may, upon not less than three (3) days’ notice to you, order or accomplish the cleaning of
the premises, and/or designate one of our representatives to assist you in fulfilling your obligations under
this Agreement, and you will be responsible to pay us for all costs we incur in doing so, and all fees we set
for providing assistance to you. However, our action in exercising this option does not relieve you from
your obligation to properly maintain the premises of your Anytime Fitness Center and to comply with the
terms of this Agreement, each of which shall be your sole responsibility.
5.
You recognize that modifications that we may make to the System may necessitate
that you make capital expenditures during the term of this Agreement in amounts that we cannot forecast.
Nothing in this Agreement limits the frequency or cost of future changes to the System that we may require.
You understand and agree that we have no ability to identify with specificity the nature of these future
general improvements or their expected cost and accept the risk that future general improvements may be
imposed that will require significant capital expenditures in an amount that is unknown on the Effective
Date and that cannot be fully amortized over the period of time then remaining in the term of this
Agreement.
J.
Compliance with Laws. You will, at your expense, comply with all applicable local, state,
federal and municipal laws, ordinances, rules and regulations pertaining to the operation of your Anytime
Fitness Center, including, without limitation, any and all licensing and bonding requirements; health and
safety regulations; labor and employment laws; the Americans with Disabilities Act; pricing, membership,
consumer disclosure, and unfair and deceptive consumer practice laws; the CAN-SPAM Act, the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act (TCPA), the Telemarketing Sales Rule (TSR), and other federal and state antisolicitation laws regulating marketing phone calls; and federal and state laws that regulate data security and
privacy (including but not limited to the use, storage, transmission, and disposal of data regardless of media
type). You will, at your expense, consult an attorney to obtain advice with regard to compliance with all

17

