3. Site and Services Terms and Limitations
a. Site Storage and Security. At all times, Customer shall bear full risk of loss and damage to the
Site and all Customer Content. Customer shall be solely responsible for undertaking measures to:
(i) prevent any loss or damage to Customer Content; (ii) maintain independent archival and backup
copies of the Site and all Customer Content; (iii) ensure the security, confidentiality and integrity
of all Customer Content transmitted through or stored on the Server; and (iv) ensure the
confidentiality of Customer's password. The Server, ProVision and Services are not an archive and
ProVision shall have no liability to Customer or any other person for loss, damage or destruction of
any Customer Content. If Customer's password is lost, stolen or otherwise compromised, Customer
shall promptly notify ProVision, whereupon ProVision shall suspend access to the Services by use
of such password and issue a replacement password to Customer's authorized representative.
b. Acceptable Use Policy. Customer is solely responsible for all acts, omissions and use under and
charges incurred with Customer's account or password or in connection with the Site or any
Customer Content displayed, linked, transmitted through or stored on the Server. Customer agrees
not to engage in unacceptable use of any Services, which includes, without limitation, use of the
Services to: (i) disseminate or transmit unsolicited messages, chain letters or unsolicited
commercial email; (ii) disseminate or transmit any material that, to a reasonable person may be
abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening or
malicious; (iii) disseminate or transmit files, graphics, software or other material, data or work that
actually or potentially infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual
property right of any person; (iv) create a false identity or to otherwise attempt to mislead any
person as to the identity, source or origin of any communication; (v) export, re-export or permit
downloading of any message or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or
restriction of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals,
licenses and/or exemptions; (vi) interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any
computer system, server, network or account for which Customer does not have authorization to
access or at a level exceeding Customer's authorization; (vii) disseminate or transmit any virus,
trojan horse or other malicious, harmful or disabling data, work, code or program; or (viii) engage
in any other activity deemed by ProVision to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of this Agreement
or any ProVision policy.
c. Rights of ProVision. Customer agrees that ProVision may, in its sole discretion, remove or
disable access to all or any portion of the Site or Customer Content stored on the Server at any
time and for any reason. ProVision has no obligation to monitor the Site or any Customer Content,
but reserves the right in its sole discretion to do so.
d.
Equipment and Connectivity. Customer shall be solely responsible for providing, maintaining
and ensuring compatibility with all hardware, software, electrical and other physical requirements
necessary for ProVision to perform the Services and for Customer to access the Site, including,
without limitation, telecommunications and digital transmission connections and links, routers,
switches, modems, local area network servers, virus software, firewalls, or other equipment
(collectively "Equipment"). Customer shall be solely responsible for providing a connection to the
Internet from its Facility and for setting up a local area network, including without limitation to
allow data to flow between Customer’s Facility and ProVision’s data centers in a secure manner via
the Internet.
e. Alarm Permit. Customer acknowledges that an alarm permit may be required. Obtaining the
alarm from the local authority (Police or Fire Departments) is the responsibility of Customer.
f. Monthly Alarm Testing. Customer agrees that a monthly test of the security system is required.

4. Payment Terms
a. Payments. Customer shall pay ProVision for the Services and licenses identified in Section 2 in
the amount set forth below.
$799.00 / month / Center
ProVision may change the amount and calculation of the foregoing fee ten percent (10%) annually.
Adjustments are compounded annually and cumulative including increases in any given year of
greater than ten percent (10%) to adjust for prior years when no increase, or an increase of less
than the permitted percentage increase, was implemented.
ProVision will not provide Security Monitoring Services for any security system purchased from or

3

