federal and state licensing laws and all other laws relating to the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center.
Further, you will, at your expense, be exclusively responsible for determining the licenses and permits
required by law for your Anytime Fitness Center, for filing, obtaining and qualifying for all such licenses
and permits, and for maintaining all necessary licenses and permits throughout the term of this Agreement.
You must comply with all laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection and must comply
with any privacy policies or data protection and breach response policies we periodically may establish.
You must notify us immediately of any suspected data breach at or in connection with the Anytime Fitness
Center. If you suspect or know of a security breach, you must immediately give notice of such security
breach and promptly identify and remediate the source of any compromise of security breach at your
expense. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of breach or compromise and all duties to
monitor credit histories and transactions concerning customers of the Anytime Fitness Center, unless
otherwise directed by us.
K.
Payment of Liabilities. You will timely pay all of your obligations and liabilities,
including, without limitation, those due and payable to us and our affiliates, and to your suppliers, lessors
and creditors.
L.
Taxes. You will promptly pay all federal, state and local taxes arising out of the operation
of your Anytime Fitness Center. We will not be liable for these or any other taxes and you will indemnify
us for any such taxes that may be assessed or levied against us which arise or result from your Anytime
Fitness Center, including any taxes imposed by your state on any royalties or other amounts you are required
to pay to us and our affiliates.
M.
Personnel. You are responsible for recruiting, hiring and training employees and others to
operate your Anytime Fitness Center.
1.
The people you retain to work in your Anytime Fitness Center will be your agents
and employees. They are not our agents or employees and we are not a joint employer of those persons. It
will be up to you to determine who to retain, how many people to retain (subject to any minimum staffing
requirements we may prescribe), how you compensate these people, terms of employment and working
conditions for your employees, when and how to discipline the people you hire, and when and how to
terminate the people you hire. However, you must at all times comply with all applicable employment
laws. We will not have any duty or obligation to operate your Anytime Fitness Center, to direct your
employees, to schedule your employees, or to oversee your employment policies or practices.
2.
If your state or local law requires you to have personnel certified in cardio
pulmonary resuscitation or other health procedures, you must comply with these laws.
3.
You will designate an individual to serve as the Principal Operator of your
Anytime Fitness Center. The Principal Operator will devote his/her best efforts to the supervision and
conduct of the development and operation of your Anytime Fitness Center and, as required in this
Agreement, will agree to personally be bound by confidentiality and non-competition provisions of this
Agreement. The Principal Operator, and anyone owning a controlling interest in your Anytime Fitness
Center if other than the Principal Operator, will complete our initial training requirements and will complete
all additional training as we may reasonably designate. You must participate in any business review calls
we schedule.
4.
We will offer training to your employees from time to time, and we may require
you to send your employees to training, and pay our then current fees for providing that training. However,
the fact that we may offer training to your employees does not relieve you from the primary responsibility
to assure your employees are properly trained. You will be solely responsible for all wages, travel, and

18

