4 – This is the amount you must contribute to the Anytime Fitness General Advertising and Marketing Fund
under your Franchise Agreement.
5 – These amounts have been adjusted to show what a franchisee would incur based on the market tiers in
which these centers are located ( 9 of these centers are located in Illinois and 2 in Minnesota). These centers
actually spent less on local advertising during the Relevant Time Period. These amounts do not include
Grand Opening or Ramp Up Program costs as these are not new centers. Grand Opening and Ramp Up
Program costs range from $11,000 to $23,000 depending upon the market tier in which the center is located.
6 –You must pay this fee under your Franchise Agreement.
7 – We hold our franchise conference every other year. We estimate the costs for attendance, including
travel, hotel and the conference fee will be $1,500. The amount shown above reflects one-half of this total
since you would only attend every other year.
8 – This is the amount we estimate a franchisee would be required to spend to maintain its health club
license.
9 – Other expenses include bank fees, courier fees, dues and subscriptions, office equipment expense,
professional fees, technology, and postage. However, we have not included amounts charged by us or our
affiliates for optional services.
10 – If you manage the center, these amounts, which do not include taxes, would be additional profit or
allotted for your salary. In addition, we provided 401K benefits to all the employees of the company-owned
centers, as we do for all our corporate employees. These figures are not included in the chart above because
most of our franchisees do not provide 401K plans to their employees.
Some outlets have sold or earned these amounts. Your individual results may differ. There is no
assurance that you’ll sell or earn as much.
Information for Anytime Fitness Centers
The revenue information disclosed above would constitute gross sales and there are no deductions from
these sales.
All of the Anytime Fitness centers used in compiling the numbers in this Item 19 offer substantially the
same products and services as you are expected to offer. We used to offer an Anytime Fitness Express
center concept but no longer offer it although we have Anytime Fitness Express centers operating in our
System. However, none of the information from those centers is included in this Item 19.
Written substantiation for the financial performance representations made in this Item 19 will be made
available to you upon reasonable request.
Other than as set forth above, we do not make any representations about a franchisee’s future financial
performance or the past financial performance of franchised outlets. We also do not authorize our
employees or representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are
purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you
receive any other financial performance information or projections of your future income, you should report
it to the franchisor’s management by contacting General Counsel James Goniea at 111 Weir Drive,
Woodbury, Minnesota 55125, telephone (651) 438-5000, the Federal Trade Commission, and the
appropriate state regulatory agencies.

FDD

58

