trade secrets, confidential information or business techniques that are part of our business. You must use
the appropriate designations of ®, ™, and SM in advertising and promotions using our marks.
We do not know of any infringing uses that could materially affect your use of our marks.
ITEM 14.
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
There are no patents or pending patent applications that are material to the franchise. We do claim copyright
protection for our manuals, and to advertising and promotional materials, forms, and related materials that
we produce, but we have not registered these materials with the Copyright Office of the Library of
Congress. These materials are proprietary and confidential and are our property. You may use them only
as long as you are a franchisee, and only as provided in your Franchise Agreement.
There are no currently effective determinations of the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress or any
court regarding any of our copyrighted materials. There are no agreements in effect that significantly limit
our right to use or license the copyrighted materials. We are not aware of any infringing uses of these
materials that could materially affect your use of these materials. We are not required by any agreement to
protect or defend our copyrights.
We will be disclosing to you certain information we believe to be confidential or proprietary information
and trade secrets. This will include information contained in our manuals, and in materials we may
separately provide to you. You may use these materials, in the manner we approve, in the operation of your
Anytime Fitness center during the term of your Franchise Agreement. However, you may not use these
materials in any other way for your own benefit, or communicate or disclose them to, or use them for the
benefit of, any other person or entity. These materials include any trade secrets, knowledge or know-how,
confidential information, advertising, marketing, designs, plans, or methods of operation. You may disclose
this information to your Principal Operator, but only to the extent necessary to operate the business, and
then only while your Franchise Agreement is in effect.
You may not use any of our confidential or proprietary information for the purpose of machine learning,
augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm
improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without our prior approval. You must not, without our
prior written consent, input any confidential or propriety information into any generative AI platform, or
disclose any information to any provider or source of generative AI services. You must opt out of allowing
any provider or source of generative AI to utilize our confidential or propriety information for training of
any AI model or for other purposes.
ITEM 15.
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
FRANCHISE BUSINESS
While we do not require that you personally supervise your Anytime Fitness center, we recommend that
you do so. If you are not the “on premise” supervisor of the business, then you must designate a Principal
Operator to serve as your on premises supervisor. We do not impose any limitations on who you can hire
as your Principal Operator, but that person must complete our initial training requirements and all other
training we reasonably designate, and, at our discretion, that person must sign a confidentiality agreement
with you that meets our requirements and you must provide a copy to us before they attend training. We
also require each owner of your business to sign a personal guaranty of your obligations to us. In addition,
a Principal Owner of your business must attend our conference.

FDD

47

