E.
Relief. You agree that damages alone cannot adequately compensate us if there is a
violation of these noncompetitive covenants and that injunctive relief is essential for our protection. You
therefore agree that in case of your alleged breach or violation of this Section, we may seek injunctive relief,
in addition to all other remedies that may be available to us at equity or law. In addition, if you violate the
restriction provided for in Section 17.B, the period of time during which the restriction will remain in effect
and be extended until two (2) years after you cease violating the restriction.
18.

ENFORCEMENT

A.
Injunctive Relief/Attorneys’ Fees. We and you will each be entitled to the entry of
temporary restraining orders and temporary and permanent injunctions to (i) enforce your and our rights
to terminate this Agreement for the causes set forth in Paragraphs 15 and 16 of this Agreement and
(ii) prevent or remedy a breach of this Agreement if that breach could materially impair the goodwill
associated with our or your business, including but not limited to, the enforcement of obligations upon
termination or expiration of this Agreement and the enforcement of the non-compete provisions of this
Agreement. You and we will also be entitled to the entry of temporary restraining orders and temporary
and permanent injunctions enforcing these provisions. If we are successful in obtaining an injunction, or
any other judicial relief or order from an arbitrator against you, or in successfully defending any claim you
have brought against us, you will pay us an amount equal to all of our costs of prosecuting and/or defending
the action, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs of investigation, court and arbitration costs, and other
litigation or arbitration expenses and interest on such costs. Your and our respective rights to obtain
injunctive or other equitable relief is in addition to any other right we or you may have under this
Agreement. It will in no way limit or prohibit us from obtaining money damages from you if you breach
this Agreement.
B.
Peer Compliance Committee. We have established a Peer Compliance Committee (the
“PCC”) to review certain claims you or we may make against each other. So long as the PCC is in existence,
if you feel we have violated any of our obligations under Section 8 of this Agreement, you may submit your
claim to the PCC. So long as the PCC is in existence, and we believe you have violated any of your
obligations under Section 9 of this Agreement, we may submit that claim to the PCC. (Unless we each
agree, no claims or violation of any other provision of this Agreement may be submitted to the PCC.)
1.
If either of us submits a claim for violation of the foregoing sections to the PCC,
the PCC will conduct a hearing and review the claim in accordance with the terms and procedures for the
review of complaints by the PCC that we establish from time to time (the “PCC T&P”). If the PCC
determines a breach has occurred, it may levy a fee against the breaching party, subject to maximum
amounts set forth in the PCC T&P. If a party is found to be in breach and that party does not cure the
breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice of the decision of the PCC, or such other reasonable
period determined by the PCC (but not less than ten (10) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the
decision is received by the party), the PCC will have the authority to levy additional fees in accordance
with the PCC T&P. If either of us fail to pay a fee that is levied within ten (10) days following receipt of
notice of the levy, that failure will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.
2.
The submission of claims to the PCC will not be the sole remedy for breach of
Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement, and each of us may also pursue any other remedies for breach that are
permitted under this Agreement.
C.
Mediation. Except where it is necessary for either you or us to obtain equitable relief to
preserve the goodwill of our respective businesses (including, but not limited to, the enforcement of
obligations upon termination of this Agreement and the covenants not to compete contained in this
Agreement), you and we each agree to enter into mediation of all disputes involving this Agreement or any

33

