duties and obligations under this Agreement or authorize that party to act on our behalf. If you are required
to pay us a fee for services, we may have you pay that fee directly to the affiliate or third party that performs
the service. However, if you are not required to pay us a fee for the service, you will not be obligated to
pay any parties we contract with for services that we are required to provide to you without charge under
this Agreement. We and our affiliates may also receive rebates or compensation from other parties in
connection with the provision of such services.
V.
Purchases. You will purchase only such types, models or brands of fixtures, furniture,
equipment, inventory, supplies, digital content, and other items that we approve for Anytime Fitness centers
as meeting our standards for quality, design, warranties, appearance, function and performance. Although
we do not do so for every item, we have the right to approve the manufacturer of any item used or sold in
your Anytime Fitness Center. You will not install or maintain at your Anytime Fitness Center any
newspaper racks, video games, jukeboxes, gaming machines, gum machines, vending machines, video or
similar devices without our, and any necessary governmental, prior written approval. We may require you,
in our sole discretion, to purchase certain fixtures, furniture, equipment, inventory, supplies, services, and
other items used or offered at your Anytime Fitness Center from suppliers who have been approved by us,
in which case we will provide you with a list of approved suppliers.
1.
You acknowledge and agree that certain products, supplies or other services,
including certain items comprising the Information System, that you may be required to purchase for use
in the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center may only be available exclusively from us or our affiliates,
or from other mandatory suppliers or vendors that we approve, in our sole discretion. You also
acknowledge and agree that we may designate a single source for certain products, supplies or other
services.
2.
THOUGH APPROVED BY US, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES MAKE NO
WARRANTY AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO
FIXTURES, FURNITURE, EQUIPMENT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY AND ALL
REQUIRED COMPUTER SYSTEMS), SUPPLIES, OR OTHER APPROVED ITEMS.
W.
Taxes on Fees. If your state, or any governmental body in your state, charges a tax on any
fee you owe to us or to our affiliates, then you are required to pay an additional amount equal to the amount
of this tax. (For purpose of clarification, this does not apply to any federal or Minnesota income taxes that
we or our affiliates must pay.)
X.
National and Regional Accounts. We, or others acting on our behalf, may from time to
time solicit companies or organizations that have multiple offices to offer memberships to their employees.
If we do so, their employees who want to use Anytime Fitness facilities will be required to join his or her
local Anytime Fitness center.
1.
You will have the right to participate in, and receive the benefits of, all such
programs we establish with companies or organizations that have employees in your market. You will have
the right each calendar year, by October 31, to opt out of participating in these programs for the next year.
If you do not opt out by the means we specify, then you must honor any membership fees or packages that
we quote for any employees of these companies or organizations who want to join your Anytime Fitness
Center. Once you opt out, you will not participate in any new programs (unless and until you opt in again),
but you must continue to comply with the program requirements for any programs that were in effect before
the start of the year for which you exercised your right to opt out of the programs.

21

