Provision
m. Conditions for our
approval of transfer

Section in Franchise or
Other Agreements
Sections 13.B – Franchise
Agreement

Summary
Conditions include: (1) you must be in compliance with the Franchise
Agreement and provide us with all information we require regarding
the proposed transaction; (2) transferee must meet our requirements and
sign a new franchise agreement on our then current form for the
remaining term of your agreement. (The new agreement may provide
for different fees or territory than in your agreement, but we will not
require the transferee to pay us a new initial franchise fee.); (3)
payment of any broker fees or commissions and you must pay a transfer
fee and sign a release (subject to state law); (4) the transferee must
agree to perform any maintenance, remodeling and re-equipping of
your center that we deem necessary, including any updates to your
technology and security equipment; and (5) the transferee’s Principal
Operator must successfully complete all required training.

Section 7.B – Area
Development Agreement

You must sign franchise agreements for all remaining centers you are
permitted to develop, and you must transfer those agreements to the
same person or entity to whom you are transferring the Area
Development Agreement.

n. Our right of first
refusal to acquire your
business

Section 19 – Franchise
Agreement

We have the right to match any offer for your business.

o. Our option to
purchase your business

Section 16.M – Franchise
Agreement

We can purchase from you at book value all or a portion of the assets of
your business and take an assignment of your leases, upon the
termination or expiration without renewal of your Franchise
Agreement.

p. Your death or
disability

Section 13.B – Franchise
Agreement and Section 7.B
– Area Development
Agreement

Your heirs can assume your rights, but if they do, they must meet the
transfer requirements.

q. Non-competition
covenants during the term
of the franchise

Section 17.A – Franchise
Agreement and Section 9 –
Area Development
Agreement

Subject to state law, no involvement in any fitness center, exercise
facility, health club, gym or business which offers exercise classes,
personal training, fitness equipment, group training or nutrition or
recovery services (including as creditor or landlord), wherever located.
However, before you open your first Anytime Fitness center, you may
be employed in another fitness club if you and your immediate family
do not have any ownership interest in the club, the club does not use a
keyless entry system, and the club is not open more than 18 hours a
day.

r. Non-competition
covenants after the
franchise is terminated or
expires

Section 17.B – Franchise
Agreement and Section 9 –
Area Development
Agreement

Subject to state law, no involvement in any fitness center, exercise
facility, health club, gym or business which offers exercise classes,
personal training, fitness equipment, group training or nutrition or
recovery services (including as creditor or landlord) for 2 years in your
Protected Territory or within a 10 mile radius of any Anytime Fitness
center (except that the 10 mile restriction is limited to 5 miles in
metropolitan areas having a population of more than 50,000).

s. Modification of the
agreement

Sections 8.G and 20–
Franchise Agreement

No modifications without consent by all parties, but our manuals are
subject to change.

Section 9 – Area
Development Agreement

No modifications without consent of all parties.

FDD

51

