supplied by you on your credit application or during the credit process is found to have been
falsified or misrepresented. You must also pay Geneva’s reasonable attorneys’ fees and actual court
costs. If Geneva has to take possession of the equipment, you must pay the cost of repossession
including damage to the equipment or real property as a result of repossession.
Under the personal guaranty, which is contained in Geneva’s equipment lease agreement, you
waive all notices. If you default under the lease agreement, Geneva may obtain and use consumer
credit reports to determine acceptable means of remedies, and you waive any right or claim you
may otherwise have under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (Equipment Lease Agreement – Section
12). Because the lease is a noncancelable net lease you are not entitled to any reduction of rent or
any setoff for any reason, nor will the lease terminate or will your obligations be affected by any
defect in, damage to or loss of possession or use of any of the equipment (Equipment Lease
Agreement – Section 2). You waive any and all rights or remedies not in the lease (Equipment
Lease Agreement – Section 14) and you and your guarantors, consent to personal jurisdiction in
the state that Geneva or its assignee, as applicable, has its principal place of business and you and
your guarantors waive trial by jury. If Geneva transfers the lease the transferee will not have to
perform any of Geneva’s obligations and the rights of the transferee will not be subject to any
claims you have against Geneva (Equipment Lease Agreement – Section 11). A copy of the current
Geneva lease documents as of the date of this Disclosure Document is attached as Exhibit I-1. We
have a separate agreement with Geneva, under which we agreed to assume certain obligations if
you default under your lease, including an obligation to assist Geneva in remarketing your
equipment. Under that agreement, we also agreed to establish a pool to compensate Geneva for
certain of the losses it incurs, and to guaranty payment of certain of those losses. This agreement
also provides that Geneva is to pay 1.5% of the lease amount to us as a referral fee and 1.5% of the
lease amount is added to the guaranty pool. There is no direct affiliation between Geneva and us.
2.

Guidant Financial offers a program that allows you to use your retirement funds to buy your
business without incurring tax penalties or getting a loan. Known as 401(k) business financing (or
Rollovers for Business Start-up), Guidant charges a fee of $4,995 for this service, which includes
filing your business entity, designing a company 401(k) plan, helping you roll all (or a portion of)
your existing retirement funds from your current custodian account to the new 401(k), and
providing you with a consultation with a tax attorney to review the transaction. In addition, they
provide ongoing, annual administration to your 401(k) plan for $149 per month.
The form of agreement you would sign with them is attached as Exhibit I-2. Guidant can also help
you secure an SBA loan for your business. A consulting fee of $2,500 applies, however, this does
come with a fully refundable guarantee should Guidant not be able to secure your funding or if the
loan amount is greater than $200,000, when the loan is completed.
You may use 401(k) business financing as the down payment for your SBA loan through Guidant.
Guidant further offers unsecured financing. This program allows you to secure up to $125,000 in
capital, depending on credit score, debt utilization among other factors. Minimum credit score of
680 is required. The fee for this service varies depending on the loan used.
Guidant can also secure equipment leasing for you. New locations require 10% down. Interest rates
vary from 6.99 to 13.90% depending on credit score and other factors. Lease term up to 60 months.
New business requires a credit score of 700 or higher while existing business require a credit score
of 650 or higher. There is a fee associated with this service and it can range from $250 to $500.

FDD

28

