g.

Associations may conduct, or direct another party to conduct, an audit of Sub-merchant at any time, and Sub-merchant must
comply in all material respects with such audit until its completion.

2. Sub-merchant represents and warrants that it will not:
a.
b.
c.
d.
e.
f.

g.
h.
i.
j.
k.
l.
m.

discriminate against Cards or Issuers (e.g. limited acceptance options) except in full compliance with the Operating Regulations;
intermingle fees associated with an Associations’ transactions with fees associated with other Card transactions in its pricing;
submit any transaction to Provider that was previously charged back and subsequently returned to the Sub-merchant,
irrespective of Cardholder approval;
knowingly submit any transaction that is illegal or that the Sub-merchant should have known was illegal. Sub-merchant
acknowledges that such transaction must be legal in both Cardholder’s and Sub-merchant’s jurisdiction;
submit a transaction that it knows, or should have known is either fraudulent or not authorized by the Cardholder;
require a Cardholder to complete a postcard or similar device that includes the Cardholder’s account number, card expiration
date, signature, or any other Card account data in plain view when mailed, nor request a Card Verification Value 2 (“CVV2”) for a
card-present transaction, nor retain or store any portion of the magnetic-stripe data subsequent to the authorization of a sales
transaction, nor any other data prohibited by the Operating Regulations or this Agreement, including CVV2;
add a surcharge to transactions, except as expressly permitted by, and in full compliance with, the Operating Regulations;
charge a minimum or maximum amount for a transaction unless expressly authorized by, and in full compliance with, the
Operating Regulations;
disburse funds in the form of cash unless Sub-merchant is participating in full compliance with a program supported by an
Association for such cash disbursements and in full compliance with the Operating Regulations;
submit a transaction that does not result from an act between the Cardholder and the Sub-merchant;
accept a Card issued by a U.S. Issuer to collect or refinance an existing debt, unless expressly authorized by, and in full compliance
with, Operating Regulations;
request or use a Card account number for any purpose other than as payment for its goods or services; and
add any tax to transactions, unless applicable law expressly requires that a Sub-merchant be permitted to impose a tax. In such
event, any tax amount, if allowed, must be included in the transaction amount and not collected separately.

3. Applicable to Provider Merchant Agreements for Sub-merchants participating in the American Express OptBlue Program: The following
will only apply to Sub-merchant’s participation in the American Express Program, as controlled by the American Express OptBlue
Program Operating Regulations. (Capitalized terms below are defined in the American Express Operating Guide or the American
Express OptBlue Program Operating Regulations):
a.
b.

c.
d.

e.

Sub-merchant must comply with, and accept Cards in accordance with, the terms of its Provider Merchant Agreement and the
American Express Merchant Operating Guide, as such terms may be amended from time to time.
Sub-merchant acknowledges that the American Express Merchant Operating Guide is incorporated by reference into this
Agreement. (And is available online at the following web link: https://icm.aexp-static.com/content/dam/gms/en_us/optblue/usmog.pdf).
Sub-merchant expressly authorizes Provider to submit transactions to, and receive settlement from, American Express on behalf
of the Sub-merchant.
Sub-merchant expressly consents (i) to Provider collecting and disclosing Transaction Data, Sub-merchant Data, and other
information about the Sub-merchant to American Express; and (ii) to American Express using such information to perform its
responsibilities in connection with the Program, promote the American Express Network, perform analytics and create reports, and
for any other lawful business purposes, including commercial marketing communication purposes within the parameters of the
Program Agreement, and important transactional or relationship communications from American Express.
Sub-merchant acknowledges that:

www.abcfitness.com

