CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Anytime Fitness franchises
offered and sold in the state of California:
This California Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of California or if your business
is located in California.
1.
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Section 20000
through 20043) provides franchisees with additional rights concerning termination and non-renewal of the
Franchise Agreement and certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement relating to termination and nonrenewal may be superseded by the Act. There may also be court decisions which may supersede the
Franchise Agreement and your relationship with Franchisor, including the areas of transfer, termination and
renewal of Franchisee’s franchise. If the Franchise Agreement is inconsistent with the law, the law will
control.
2.
The Franchise Agreement requires Franchisee to execute a general release of claims upon
renewal or transfer of the Franchise Agreement. California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that
any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive
compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder is void. Section 31512 voids a
waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids
a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 20043)). To the extent required by such laws, Franchisee shall not be required to execute a general release.
3.
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at
Minneapolis, Minnesota with the costs being borne by both parties unless the party seeking arbitration seeks
arbitration prior to mediating the dispute. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal
counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions
Code section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any
provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.
4.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Minnesota. This
provision may not be enforceable under California law.
5.
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the
termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
6.
The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the
bankruptcy of the Franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101.
7.
The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of punitive damages and jury trial provision.
These waivers may not be enforceable under California law.
8.
Sections 23 (a) and (b) of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety and
replaced with the following:
“[Intentionally Deleted]”
9.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

