communication purposes within the parameters of the Program Agreement, and important transactional or
relationship communications from American Express.
e. Client acknowledges that:

□ By checking this box, Client opts out of receiving future commercial marketing communications from
American Express.
o

f.

Client may continue to receive marketing communications, however, while American Express updates
its records to reflect this choice. Opting out of commercial marketing communications will not
preclude you from receiving important transactional or relationship messages from American
Express.

Client acknowledges that it may be converted from the Program to a direct card acceptance relationship with
American Express if and when it becomes a High CV Merchant in accordance with Section 10.5, "High CV
Merchant Conversions”.
o

Client expressly agrees that upon conversion, (i) Client will be bound by American Express' thencurrent Card Acceptance Agreement; and (ii) American Express will set pricing and other fees
payable by the Client for Card acceptance.

g. Client acknowledges that American Express may use information obtained in the Client application at the time
of setup to screen, communicate, and/or monitor Client in connection with Card marketing and administrative
purposes.
h. Client agrees that it shall not assign to any third party any payments due to it under its respective ABC
Merchant Agreement, and further agrees that all indebtedness arising from Charges will be for bona fide sales
of goods and services (or both) at its Establishments and free of liens, claims, and encumbrances other than
ordinary sales taxes; provided, however, that the Client may sell and assign future Transaction receivables to
ABC, its affiliated entities and/ or any other cash advance funding source that partners with ABC or its affiliated
entities, without consent of American Express.
i.

Client agrees that American Express is a third-party beneficiary to the BSA and retains all rights, but not
obligations, in the BSA that will fully provide American Express with the ability to enforce the terms of the BSA
against the Client.

j.

Client may opt-out of accepting Cards at any time without directly or indirectly affecting its rights to accept
Other Payment Products.

k. Client agrees that ABC may terminate the Client's right to accept Cards if Client breaches any of the provisions
in this Section or the American Express Merchant Operating Guide.
l.

Client agrees that ABC has the right to immediately terminate a Client for cause or fraudulent or other activity,
or upon American Express' request.

m. Client agrees that its refund policies for purchases on a Card must be at least as favorable as its refund policy
for purchases on any Other Payment Products, and further agrees that the refund policy be disclosed to
Cardmembers at the time of purchase and in compliance with Applicable Law.
n. Client acknowledges that it is prohibited against billing or collecting from any Cardmember for any purchase
or payment on the Card unless Chargeback has been exercised, the Client has fully paid for such Charge, and
it otherwise has the right to do so.

www.abcfitness.com

