(iv) the provisions of Section 16 of this Agreement will replace the provisions of those agreements
regarding your obligations upon termination or expiration of those agreements,
(v) the provisions of Section 17 of this Agreement will replace the provisions of those agreements
regarding any restrictions on your ability to compete with an Anytime Fitness center either during or
following the term of those agreements,
(vi) the provisions of Section 18 of this Agreement will replace the provisions of those agreements
regarding enforcement, including but not limited to the right to injunctive relief or attorneys’ fees,
mediation, arbitration, the right to initiate arbitration or litigation, the venue of litigation, and waiver of
punitive damages and a trial by jury, and
(vii) the provisions of Section 20.D. of this Agreement will replace the provisions of those
agreements regarding Governing Law,
such that all those agreements are hereby amended by this paragraph. Except as amended by this paragraph,
which shall constitute a written agreement signed by each of us amending those agreements, you and we
each hereby ratify and reaffirm our respective obligations under those agreements.
23.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

A.
Independent Investigation. You acknowledge that you have conducted an independent
investigation of the business franchised under this Agreement, and recognize that the business venture
contemplated by this Agreement involves business risks and that its success will be largely dependent upon
your ability as an independent business person.
B.
Franchise Agreement. You acknowledge that you have received and read this Agreement
and that we have fully and adequately explained the provisions of it to your satisfaction and that we have
accorded you time and opportunity to consult with advisors of your own choosing about the potential
benefits and risks of entering into this Agreement.
C.
Other Franchises. You acknowledge that other Anytime Fitness franchisees have or will
be granted franchises at different times and in different situations, and further acknowledge that the
provisions of such franchises may vary substantially from those contained in this Agreement. You also
acknowledge that because complete and detailed uniformity under varying circumstances may not be
practical, there may be variations we grant to other of our Anytime Fitness centers (whether franchised, or
centers that we or our affiliates operate), and you will not be entitled to require us to grant similar variations
or privileges to you.
[THIS AGREEMENT CONTINUES WITH A RIDER AND INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE
ATTACHMENT, WHICH ARE A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT]

40

