Agreement and allow us to terminate this Agreement and retain any amounts you have paid to us or our
affiliates.
D.
Relocation. You may not move or relocate your Anytime Fitness Center without our prior
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
1.
The request for relocation must be made in writing, stating the new location, and
received by us at least sixty (60) days prior to the date of intended relocation. The new location must be
within the Protected Territory (as defined below), and it may not be located within any territory we grant
to any other franchisee. We will refund the relocation fee to you if we do not approve your new location.
2.
Upon receipt of our approval, you must upgrade the new space to comply with all
of our current specifications, and construct the new premises in the manner required under Section 9.A.
You also consent to our amendment of the Rider to indicate the new location and any update to your
Protected Territory.
8.

PRE-OPENING AND ONGOING COMPANY OBLIGATIONS/TRAINING

Our pre-opening obligations to you include those set forth in Sections 6.A, 7.A, 8, and 9.
A.
Location. We will provide you with consulting services to assist you in determining the
evaluation criteria for selecting the site location for your Anytime Fitness Center as described above.
B.
Initial Training. We will, at our expense, provide an initial training program to educate
and acquaint your management team with the business of operating an Anytime Fitness center. The training
program will include instruction on basic operating skills and other topics we select. If you have more than
one Franchise Agreement with us, we may, at our option, provide this training program one (1) time for
multiple agreements. The person you designate as your principal operator (whether you, if you are an
individual, or one of your owners if you are an entity) (the “Principal Operator”) must attend one of the
next two (2) initial training programs we offer following our acceptance of this Agreement, and before you
open your Anytime Fitness center, and successfully complete the training program. In addition, someone
owning more than a ten percent (10%) interest in your Anytime Fitness Center and signing or guaranteeing
this Agreement, if other than the Principal Operator (a “Principal Owner”) must also attend one of these
next two (2) initial training programs, and successfully complete the training program. If anyone other than
a Principal Owner attends the training program, we will require they sign a confidentiality agreement that
meets our requirement before they may attend and you must provide us a copy of that agreement. The
duration of the initial training program will be at our discretion, but generally consists of self-paced online
learning courses and assessment tools which must be completed in a manner satisfactory to us, then
approximately three (3) days of classroom training conducted in a virtual format or at our corporate offices,
at our discretion, followed by a two (2) to five (5) day in-person job shadowing training experience held at
a location that we designate. You will be responsible for travel costs, room and board, salaries, fringe
benefits, and other expenses incurred by you and your employees in attending the training program.
C.
Additional Required Training. Each calendar year, a Principal Owner of your business
must attend at least one approved training program we offer virtually, at our corporate office or in any
region. You must pay any fees applicable to the training program you select. In addition, you must pay all
travel and living expenses you and your employees incur, and we reserve the right to charge a cancellation
fee if you register and either fail to attend or leave the training prior to completion.
D.
Conference. A Principal Owner is required to register for, and attend our conference if and
when we hold it. If a Principal Owner cannot attend the conference, we will consider allowing you to

10

