ANYTIME FITNESS
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made as of the Effective Date set forth in the
Rider attached to this Agreement (the “Rider”) between ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (“we” or “us”) and the person or persons named in the Rider as
“Franchisee” (“you”).
RECITALS:
A.
We and our predecessor have invested substantial time, effort and money to develop a
system of operating fitness centers offering convenient access and one on one, small and large group
training, nutrition, coaching and recovery services, and have a trademark federally registered for the name
“Anytime Fitness®”, as well as other intellectual property rights. We grant franchises to qualified
candidates for the operation of a fitness center. We license our trademark rights in “Anytime Fitness” and
may in the future adopt, use and license additional or substitute trademarks, service marks, logos and
commercial symbols in connection with the operation of Anytime Fitness centers (collectively the
“Marks”). Anytime Fitness centers use our methods, procedures, standards, specifications and the Marks
(all of which are collectively referred to as the “System”) which we may improve, further develop or
otherwise modify from time to time.
B.
You acknowledge that you have had an adequate opportunity to be thoroughly advised of
the provisions of this Agreement and our Franchise Disclosure Document and have had sufficient time and
opportunity to evaluate and investigate the System and the procedures and financial requirements associated
with the System, as well as the competitive market in which it operates.
C.
You desire to operate an Anytime Fitness center franchise which will conform to our
uniform requirements and quality standards as established from time to time by us.
AGREEMENTS:
1.

GRANT OF FRANCHISE; FRANCHISED LOCATION

A.
Grant of Franchise. Subject to the provisions stated below, we license to you a personal
franchise to operate an Anytime Fitness center (your “Anytime Fitness Center”) in conformity with our
System at the location described on the Rider (the “Franchised Location”). You accept the license and
undertake the obligation to operate your Anytime Fitness Center using the System and in compliance with
our standards. Your Anytime Fitness Center may only be operated at the Franchised Location. If you
would like to open a second or subsequent location, you must sign a new franchise agreement on our thencurrent form for each location, and pay the applicable franchise fees for each location.
B.
Limitations. The rights and privileges granted to you under this Agreement are personal
in nature and may not be used at any location other than the Franchised Location. You do not have the
right to delegate, subfranchise, or sublicense any of your rights under this Agreement. Without our written
consent, you may not use the Franchised Location for any purpose other than the operation of an Anytime
Fitness center.
C.
Protected Territory. Included in the Rider is a map or description of an area surrounding
the Franchised Location (the “Protected Territory”). Except as specified in this Section or in Section 2.B,
during the term of this Agreement, we will not operate or license to anyone else the right to operate an
Anytime Fitness center physically located in the Protected Territory. You acknowledge and agree that (i)

