date on which your last Anytime Fitness Center must be open pursuant to the terms of the Development
Schedule; or (iii) the date on which the Protected Territory for your final Anytime Fitness Center is
determined; except that if the Development Territory covers more than one city, county or designated
market area, the protection for each particular city, county or designated market area will expire upon the
earliest of (1) any of the foregoing events or (2) the date when the Protected Territory for your final Anytime
Fitness Center to be developed in such city, county or designated market area under this Agreement is
determined. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, upon the earliest occurrence of any of the
foregoing events (i) the Development Territory will expire and (ii) we will be entitled to develop and
operate, or to franchise others to develop and operate, Anytime Fitness Centers from locations in the
Development Territory, except as may be otherwise provided under any Franchise Agreement that has been
signed between us and you and that has not been terminated.
D.
You acknowledge and agree that: (i) we and our affiliates have the right to grant other
franchises or operate company or affiliate owned fitness studios/businesses (including Anytime Fitness
centers) at locations outside the Development Territory even if they compete with your Anytime Fitness
Centers for customers or members; (ii) we and our affiliates have the right to grant other franchises or
licenses and to operate company or affiliate-owned fitness studios/businesses (including Anytime Fitness
centers) within private establishments located within the Development Territory, provided that access to
those centers is limited to employees of the business, or transient guests of the business, in either case who
would not have any reciprocity with any other Anytime Fitness center as a result of their use or membership
in this private center; and (iii) we and our affiliates have the right to operate, and to grant franchises or
licenses to others to operate fitness studios/businesses, or any other business, within and outside the
Development Territory under trademarks other than the Marks, all without compensation to you.
2.
Development Fee. You must pay us a Development Fee in the amount set forth in the
Rider. This fee is nonrefundable and is payable in full when you sign this Agreement and is fully earned
by us at that time. However, you will not be required to pay an Initial Franchise Fee for any of the Anytime
Fitness Centers you develop under this Agreement.
A.
You will sign the Franchise Agreement for your first Anytime Fitness Center concurrently
with this Agreement. A separate Franchise Agreement must be signed, on our then-current form, for each
such Anytime Fitness Center. Upon the execution of each Franchise Agreement, the terms and conditions
of that Franchise Agreement control the establishment and operation of such Anytime Fitness Center.
B.
The Development Fee is consideration for this Agreement and not consideration for any
Franchise Agreement.
3.
Development Schedule.
development rights and obligations:

The following provisions control with respect to your

A.
You must comply with the Development Schedule requirements regarding: (i) the date of
execution of the Franchise Agreements and site approval requests, (ii) the opening date for each Anytime
Fitness Center, and (iii) the cumulative number of Anytime Fitness Centers to be open and continuously
operating for business in the Development Territory. You represent that you have conducted your own
independent investigation and analysis of the prospects for the establishment of Anytime Fitness centers
within the Development Territory, approve of the Development Schedule as being reasonable, viable, and
essential to the potential success of your business and recognize that failure to sign a Franchise Agreement,
obtain site approval, open an Anytime Fitness Center or have a cumulative number of Anytime Fitness
Centers open and operating according to the applicable dates set forth in the Development Schedule, gives
us the right, in our sole discretion, to immediately terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.

ADA

2

