We are offering physical therapy and nutrition and recovery coaching services as co-branded and/or
standalone offerings to members through some of our Anytime Fitness centers. Although these products
and services are currently not required offerings in our System, we reserve the right to make them required
products and service offerings in the future and you may be required to partner with one or more of our
designated vendors or partners, purchase additional equipment or technology, and provide additional
training to your staff in order to offer these services.
You and personnel involved in your business must not disclose or use our confidential information except
to operate your Anytime Fitness center. At our request, you will deliver to us confidentiality and noncompete agreements from your owners (and their spouses), and your Principal Operator, in a form
satisfactory to us. We do not require the Principal Operator of your business to have any ownership interest
in your business.
Each individual who is an owner of any business entity that is the franchisee, and their spouse, must sign a
personal guaranty of all the obligations of the franchisee. This Guaranty also includes an agreement to be
bound by the confidentiality and noncompete provisions of the Franchise Agreement.
ITEM 16.
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
You may offer and sell only those products and services that we approve and only from the location that
we approve. You must offer all products and services that we designate as required for all franchisees.
You must comply with all of our mandatory standards and specifications. You must not deviate from our
standards and specifications without our prior written consent. We have the right to change the products
and services that we require you to offer at any time, without limitation.
You must staff your standard Anytime Fitness center or Anytime Fitness Express Market center for a
minimum amount of hours per week, and we may require you to offer personal training, nutrition, physical
therapy, recovery or other health and wellness coaching services to your members. You may be required
to train or hire accredited coaches to provide certain services, such as nutrition and personal training. You
may offer and sell at your center only those products and services that we approve and only in the manner
in which we approve. You may only offer and sell products and services via the mediums and methods we
approve. For example, you may not offer or sell products and services via the Internet, including livestreaming or recorded classes or sessions, trainings, or work-outs or via an application, web-based or
otherwise without our prior, express approval.
You must comply with the reciprocity, membership, and transfer programs we implement, as we
periodically modify them. We do not generally limit the persons to whom you may sell memberships.
However, we can impose minimum age restrictions and other requirements we deem appropriate, either for
safety reasons, or to preserve the goodwill of our Marks for the benefit of all franchisees. Also, because
our business model is based on the concept of local memberships, we do not allow you to solicit businesses
or organizations for the sale of memberships that would enable persons to join your Anytime Fitness center
when that is not the facility they would principally use.

FDD

48

