enforce or resort to any remedies with respect to any security interest, lien or encumbrance to Lender by the Borrower or any other
party.

28.
Enforceability. This Unconditional Guaranty remains fully enforceable irrespective of any defenses which the
Borrower may assert on the underlying debt, including but not limited to failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute
of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction, and usury.
29.
Liability for Full Amount. Guarantor agrees that, if at any time all or any part of any payment previously applied by
Lender to any of the guaranteed debt must be returned by Lender for any reason, whether by court order, or settlement, the Guarantor
remains liable for the full amount returned as if such amount had never been received by Lender notwithstanding any termination of
the guaranty agreement or cancellation of any note or other agreement evidencing the obligation of the Borrower.
30.
Governing Law. This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Arkansas. Except as provided in any other written agreement now or at any time hereafter in force between Lender and Guarantor,
this Guaranty shall constitute the entire agreement of Guarantor with Lender with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no
representation, understanding, promise or condition concerning the subject matter hereof shall be binding upon Lender unless
expressed herein. Guarantor hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of the State of Arkansas with
respect to any action or proceedings arising between the parties and expressly covenant and agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for all
disputes and enforcement actions arising hereunder shall occur in Pulaski County, Arkansas.
31.
JURY WAIVER. GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVESITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN THE EVENT OF ANY
DISPUTE OR LITIGATION ARISING HEREUNDER
OR UNDER ANY RELATED
DOCUMENTS EXECUTED
IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH.
32.
Notices. All notices or other written communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been properly given (a) upon
delivery, if delivered in person, by facsimile transmission with receipt acknowledged by the recipient thereof or by electronic mail
transmission with receipt acknowledged by the recipient thereof, (b) one (1) Business Day (defined below) after having been deposited
for overnight delivery with any reputable overnight courier service, or (c) three (3) Business Days after having been deposited in any post
office or mail depository regularly maintained by the U.S. Postal Service and sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested, addressed to the parties at the addresses below their signatures. Either party by notice to the other may designate
additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.
For purposes of this Subsection, "Business Day" shall mean a day on which commercial banks are authorized to conduct
business or Lender is open for business in the State of Arkansas.
34.
Guarantor Changes. If Guarantor is an entity, then without the prior written consent of Lender, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, Guarantor shall not take any of the following actions: (i) amend its organizational or
governing documents; (ii) alter its ownership or management structure; (iii) fail to operate its business substantially in accordance with
its past practices; (iv) sell all or substantially all of its assets; (v) merge or consolidate with or into any other entity; (vi) dissolve; (vii)
subject to the Loan Agreement, make any distributions or dispositions of assets as dividends or other distributions if an Event of
Default then exists and such action would have a material adverse affect on Lender’s ability to realize on the value of such
Guarantor’s guaranty contained herein; or (viii) fail to remain in good standing and authorized to do business in all jurisdictions where
such standing or authorization is required with respect to such Guarantor.
In addition, Guarantor shall not change its name or
principal place of business without ten (10) days prior notice to Lender. Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, nothing
herein shall prohibit or require Lender’s consent to: (i) distributions made by Guarantor in accordance with the Loan Agreement and
in the ordinary course after service of monthly payments due under any Note to which it is a party; or (ii) any transfer of ownership
interests in Guarantor between the current members thereof or transfers of non-controlling interests in Guarantor (and amendments to
its organizational or governing documents consistent therewith).

