receive any CEC credit towards the CEC requirements outlined in your Franchise Agreement if you
complete this training.
3.

PROVIDER PROGRAM FEES.

a.
PP Training Fees. The initial training provided to you as part of the Provider Program will
vary based on the Provider you are entering into a relationship with and the option you choose, as
applicable. As of the Effective Date, the PP Training Fees are:
Corporate Provider
$2,000 flat rate

Local Provider Option A
$1,000 flat rate

Local Provider Option B
No cost

The PP Training Fee is subject to change upon written notice.
In the event you do not have an open Center at the time you register for the initial training program,
you shall pay all PP Training Fees at the time of registration for the online training course. If you have one
(1) open Center, you authorize us to deduct the PP Training Fees from the remittance collected by our
designated billing and payment processor for the Center hosting the Provider services on the first day of
the month following the date of registration.
b.
PP Monthly Fees. In consideration of our grant of the right to you to offer Provider Program
services at your Center, you shall pay to us, in addition to the PP Training Fees, the PP Monthly Fees, on a
monthly recurring basis on the due date of such fee. You authorize us to deduct the PP Monthly Fees and
any additional costs from the remittance collected by our designated billing and payment processor for the
Center.
You agree that any amount not received by us when due shall bear interest at the rate of one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. You must
reimburse us and our affiliates for all costs incurred in the collection of unpaid amounts, including
attorneys’ fees.
c.
Additional Support. If you request additional support, coaching or consulting by us (in
whole or in part) to implement the Provider Program you agree to pay to us our then- current rates, plus
reasonable travel expenses.
d.
Required Equipment, Hardware, and Software. You must pay us, our affiliates, and/or our
designated vendors for use of all required equipment, hardware, and/or software that meets our then- current
standards and specifications in connection with the Provider Program as set forth in the Manual (as defined
in the Franchise Agreement) or otherwise in writing.
4.

PROVIDER CONTRACTS.

Prior to allowing your Provider to provide services in your Anytime Fitness Center both you and an
authorized representative of your Provider must have signed the applicable Provider Contract and you
must have provided us with a copy of the fully executed Provider Contract.
5.

PROVIDER REVENUE.

You may charge your Provider only those fees identified in your Provider Contract. You may not charge

4

