2.

REQUIREMENTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF PARTICIPATION.
a.

As conditions of participation in the AF Nutrition Program, you agree to the following:

b.
To offer AF Nutrition Program services the Center must be in good standing (not in
default), must and must be authorized to offer the AF Training program services, either by a signed AF
Training Addendum or by the terms of a signed Franchise Agreement;
c.
The Center must use Club OS, or another club management system that we designate, to
create and sell AF Nutrition packages and may not create and/or sell AF Nutrition through any other system;
d.
You shall not permit independent contractor club staff or independent contractor personal
trainers to offer AF Nutrition services or have access to AF Nutrition programming, training, intellectual
property or other resources;
e.
Only those Center employees who complete the AF Nutrition curriculum to the approval
of Stronger U, LLC representatives, and obtain an approved nutrition certification within 90 days of the
completion of that curriculum, shall be permitted to offer AF Nutrition Program services to Center members
or customers (“Nutrition Coach”).
f.
You must inform us and Stronger U when your members’ nutrition memberships expire or
are terminated, so that nutrition coaching components are updated to the unpaid experience;
g.
You must inform us and Stronger U immediately if the employment status of any of your
Nutrition Coaches changes so that coach access coaching tools and member information can be removed in
a timely manner; of any ownership changes at the participating Center; of any manager staffing changes;
and if you have any new staff that will be participating in the AF Nutrition curriculum; and
h.
You must inform us and Stronger U if an AF Nutrition client needs a new Nutrition Coach
assigned; and if your Center does not have a qualified Nutrition Coach on staff you may not provide AF
Nutrition Program services to your members and must cease providing services under any existing AF
Nutrition packages however you will remain obligated to pay the Monthly Fees during such time as you do
not have any qualified Nutrition Coaches on staff.
3.

AF NUTRITION COACHING FEES.

a.
Monthly Fees. In consideration of our grant the right to you to offer the AF Nutrition
Coaching Program at your Center, you shall pay to us, the Monthly Fees on a monthly recurring basis on
the due date of such fee for the length of your partnership agreement. You authorize us to deduct the
Monthly Fees and any additional costs from the remittance collected by our designated billing and payment
processor for the Center.
You agree that any amount not received by us when due shall bear interest at the rate of one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. You must
reimburse us and our affiliates for all costs incurred in the collection of unpaid amounts, including
attorneys’ fees.
b.
Additional Support. If you request additional support, coaching or consulting by us (in
whole or in part) to implement the AF Nutrition Coaching Program you agree to pay to us our then-current
rates, plus reasonable travel expenses.
c.
Required Equipment, Hardware, and Software. You must pay us, our affiliates, and/or our
designated vendors for use of all required equipment, hardware, and/or software that meets our then- current

