agreements early and without just cause, for violating the post-termination non-competition provisions and
for misuse of AFI’s member data. Defendants have denied the allegations in the Complaint and brought
counterclaims against AFI alleging failure to provide technical and commercial support, mismanagement
of the marketing fund and providing inaccurate information in the sales process. AFI has denied all
allegations in the Counterclaim.
Canadas Fitness, S.L. v. Anytime Fitness Iberia, SLU, filed as a court proceeding in Barcelona, Spain,
November 24, 2021. This lawsuit was filed against AFI, an affiliated entity licensed by us to offer, sell and
provide support for Anytime Fitness franchised locations in Spain, by a former Anytime Fitness franchisee
who had operated an Anytime Fitness location in Las Rozas, Spain. The lawsuit generally alleges that AFI
breached its duties under the franchise agreement by (1) failing to provide certain commercial and technical
assistance and (2) making untruthful pre-contractual disclosures and statements. The lawsuit also alleges
that AFI imposed unreasonable fees and requirement on the former franchisee. The lawsuit seeks damages
of 1.1 million Euros and a declaration that the franchise agreement was lawfully terminated by the former
franchisee. Alternatively, the lawsuit seeks rescission of the franchise agreement. AFI denied the allegations
of the lawsuit. On November 27, 2023 after a trial, the Court dismissed the case. Plaintiffs appealed this
decision on January 10, 2024. On February 6, 2024 AFI submitted its opposition to the appeal.
Anytime Fitness Iberia, S.L. v. Health & Performance S.L, Mr. Samuel Hernandez Bergada, Mr. Jorge
Ramon Urieta and WETRAINGROUP S.L. and Ms. Carla Rubio Lara, filed in Barcelona, Spain, on January
31, 2025. AFI brought this lawsuit against a former franchisee and their guarantors seeking an injunction
and damages for terminating the franchise agreements early and without just cause, for violating the posttermination non-competition provisions and for misuse of AFI’s member data. The lawsuit was also brought
against the company that purchased the former franchisees’ gym in an attempt to collude in the evasion of
the former franchisees’ non-compete obligations. Defendants have denied the allegations in the lawsuit and
Health & Performance S.L. has filed a counterclaim against AFI alleging nullity of the non-compete
provision, breach of contract and demanding 40,000 Euros as damages. The alleged breaches of contract
primarily refer to AFI’s requirement that the former franchisee use certain designated suppliers which
allegedly charged above market rates. AFI has denied all allegations in the counterclaim and intends to
vigorously defend itself against the counterclaim.
The following disclosures relate to our affiliates, TBM and TBMLLC, in connection with the offering of
boutique fitness studios that offer barre-based exercise classes under the name Bar Method:
Illinois v. The Bar Method Franchising Inc. and The Bar Method Inc. (Case No. 2009CH 0125, Seventh
Judicial Circuit of Illinois, filed February 9, 2009). The Illinois Attorney General brought this action against
Defendants, alleging the agreement between TBM and an Illinois resident that TBM assigned to TBMLLC
in January 2008 constituted a franchise that was not registered under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act,
and that TBM did not provide a franchise disclosure document to the operator as that statute requires. On
February 9, 2009, Defendants agreed to the entry of a Final Judgment and Consent Decree in which, while
not admitting any liability, Defendants agreed to the entry of a permanent injunction prohibiting Defendants
from offering or selling franchises in Illinois without being registered as a franchisor or failing to provide
the franchise disclosure document to residents of Illinois as the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act requires.
TBMLLC also agreed to offer rescission of the agreement to the Illinois operator and to the payment of
penalties and costs to the State of Illinois in the amount of $5,000. The Illinois operator did not accept the
offer of rescission and its agreement continues in effect.
In the Matter of the Investigation by Andrew Cuomo, Attorney General of the State of New York, of The
Bar Method Inc. and Carl Diehl (Assurance No. 08-108). On April 2, 2009, TBM and Mr. Diehl, as its
Vice President, entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (“AOD”) under which, without admitting any
violation of the law, they agreed to offer rescission of an agreement that TBM signed in New York without
being registered to sell franchises in that state. As part of the AOD, TBM and Mr. Diehl agreed to comply

FDD

7

