SEB Franchising Guarantor LLC
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
1.

Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Nature of Business
SEB Franchising Guarantor LLC (the “Company") is a special purpose Delaware limited liability
company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of SEB Funding LLC, which is a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of SEB SPV Guarantor LLC, which is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of
Anytime Fitness, LLC, which is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Self Esteem Brands, LLC,
which is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Purpose Brands Intermediate LLC, which is a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Purpose Brands Holdings LLC.
The Company guarantees the obligations of the franchising subsidiaries. The franchising
subsidiaries include Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC, OTF Franchisor LLC, Basecamp Fitness
Franchisor LLC, The Bar Method Franchisor LLC and Waxing the City Franchisor LLC.
The activities of the Company are limited to:
•

guaranteeing certain obligations of the franchising subsidiaries,

•

holding the rights and obligations under certain accounts and other assets, including but not
limited to any franchise capital accounts and

•

entering into other transactions to which it is a party and undertaking any other activities
related thereto.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company maintains its cash in financial institutions which, at times, may exceed federally
insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is
not exposed to any significant cash credit risk. The Company considers all highly liquid
investments available for current use with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash and
cash equivalents.
Income Taxes
The Company is treated as a single member limited liability company (LLC) that is treated as a
disregarded entity for tax purposes. As such, the Company’s income, losses, and credits are
included in the income tax returns of Purpose Brands Holdings LLC.
The Company has evaluated its tax positions and related income tax under the Financial
Accounting Standards Board’s (FASB) authoritative guidance Accounting for Income Taxes. No
provision or liability for federal or state income taxes has been included in these financial
statements. A provision has been made, however, for state minimum fees and other state taxes
which are applicable to all entities.
The Company is not currently under examination by any taxing jurisdiction and management
believes there are no uncertain income tax positions taken which would require the Company to
reflect a liability for unrecognized tax positions. In the event of any future penalties or interest, the
Company has elected to record interest and penalties as income tax expense on the Company’s
statements of income (loss).

7

