then a Principal Owner of your business must also attend and complete this training to our satisfaction
before you open your Anytime Fitness center. This training is held on an as needed basis. We do not
charge you for this training. We may also allow you to send an additional person to the 3-day, classroom
training session at our corporate office at no additional charge, if there is space available, and you provide
us at least 10 days’ notice before the scheduled start of the training and provide us a copy of a confidentiality
agreement they have signed that is satisfactory to us. You will be responsible for travel costs, room and
board, and the salaries, fringe benefits, and other expenses you and your employees incur in attending the
training program.
During the operation of your Anytime Fitness center, we will:
1)

Make available additional training that we feel is necessary to familiarize you and your
management team on changes and updates in the franchise system (Franchise Agreement – Section
8.E).

2)

Make available training for your coaching staff to familiarize them with our proprietary Coaching
Suite for personal training, nutrition and recovery (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.E).

3)

Establish and maintain an Internet website or Home Page (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.H).

4)

Provide templates to you for your web page (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.H).

5)

Arrange a secret shopper program to shop your Anytime Fitness center (Franchise Agreement –
Section 6).

6)

Maintain and administer the Anytime Fitness General Advertising and Marketing Fund (Franchise
Agreement – Section 6.B).

7)

Assign you a Franchise Business Consultant or other contact to support you prior to opening
(Franchise Agreement – Section 8.H).

Other than assisting you in setting prices for memberships and personal training programs you may offer,
we have no obligation to assist you in establishing the prices that you may charge although we can establish
maximum prices for memberships and pricing for any of our national or regional accounts. Our affiliate,
Healthy Contributions, can establish pricing for memberships sold through Group Membership programs.
Each calendar year, your business must obtain at least 1,200 continuing engagement credits within our
system (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.F). The credits are not tied to hours, but to specific training
opportunities or other participation you have in our system, as described in the Operations Manual. There
are no additional fees for receiving continuing engagement credits, or taking additional training, but you
are responsible for any expenses you or your employees incur in completing any activity. If you fail to meet
the minimum requirements in any year, you must pay us a fee of $1.00 for each credit deficiency, which
we will deposit in the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. The credits required are prorated for any
partial year you are open. This fee is due to us on February 1 following any year in which you fail to meet
the minimum requirement.
After your first year of operation, during the time you operate your business, you must attend additional
training, which may be offered in person, by webinar, online, or in another virtual format, in order to earn
continuing engagement credits and stay current on the policies, procedures, and techniques of operating an
Anytime Fitness center. These programs are intended to maximize the profitability of your business. Each
calendar year, a Principal Owner of your business must attend at least one training program we offer in a

FDD

33

