6.
Guaranty of Performance. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection. Guarantor shall pay to Provider all
reasonable attorneys' fees and other reasonable expenses incurred by Provider in protecting its interests hereunder or in exercising its rights and remedies provided
hereunder, together with interest on such sums at the lesser of .05% per day or the maximum rate permitted by law, from the date which such expenses are also
incurred.
7.
Bankruptcy. If at any time all or any part of any payment or performance theretofore applied by Provider to any of the obligations is or must be
rescinded or returned by Provider for any reason whatsoever (including without limitation the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of User) then such Obligations
shall, for the purposes of this Guaranty, be deemed to have continued to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, all as though such application by Provider had
not been made. If an event permitting the declaration of default under the Agreement occurs and such declaration of default is prevented by reason of any case or
proceeding under a bankruptcy or insolvency law, for purposes of this Guaranty and its Obligations hereunder, the Agreement shall be deemed to have been declared in
default; and Guarantor shall pay the amounts specified by Provider to be paid under this Guaranty without further notice or demand.
8.
Assignment. Provider may at any time sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part of its interest in this Guaranty and, in such
event, this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the successors and assigns of Provider, assign any interest hereunder or related hereto
(including without limitation any claim arising by subrogation).
9.
Guarantor's Obligation; No Set-off. Guarantor's obligation hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be subject to any right of
set-off, recoupment, deduction or other defense which Guarantor or any other person or entity may now or hereafter have against Provider. All such payments made
shall be final, and Guarantor will not seek to recover for any reason whatsoever any such payments made.
10.
Limitations on Subrogation. Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnity whatsoever, and no right of recourse to or
with respect to any assets or property of User and waives any right to enforce any remedy which Provider now has or may hereinafter have against User until all of the
Obligations have been paid in full, performed and observed. Any subrogation right to which Guarantor becomes entitled and any other obligation of any kind owing
from User to Guarantor shall be subject and subordinate to the rights of Provider against User under the Agreement. No payment or performance hereunder by
Guarantor shall give rise to any claim of Guarantor against Provider.
11.
Acceleration. Guarantor agrees that if any Event of Default as defined in the Agreement occurs, then any and all Obligations of the undersigned
under this Guaranty or otherwise shall, at the Provider's option and without notice, forthwith become immediately due and payable by Guarantor.
12.
Miscellaneous. This Guaranty shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota. The Guarantor and Provider hereby consent to the
jurisdiction of and venue in any Federal or State Court located in Hennepin County, Minnesota for a determination of any dispute, outside of those that are resolved in
arbitration, as to any matters whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Guaranty and authorize service of process on the Guarantor by certified mail
sent to the Guarantor at the address for the Guarantor as set forth herein below.
13.
Severability. Any provision of this Guaranty which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceable provision without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. Guarantor and Provider hereby waive any provisions
of law which renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect.
14.
Entire Agreement. This Guaranty constitutes the entire agreement of Guarantor and Provider with respect to the subject matter hereof. All prior
or contemporaneous understanding or agreements, written or oral, between Guarantor and Provider with respect to the subject matter hereof are hereby entirely
superseded.
15.
Corporate Authority. Guarantor represents and warrants that it is duly authorized to enter into this Guaranty, and that the undersigned is a duly
authorized officer of Guarantor with authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of Guarantor. Guarantor agrees to provide any documents reasonably requested by
Provider to evidence such authority.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor, intending to be legally bound hereby, has duly executed this Guaranty Agreement as of the date indicated below.

CORPORATE GUARANTOR:

By
Its:
Address:
,
Date:

