designated by ABC, to facilitate the transactions contemplated this Agreement. The Power of Attorney created
hereby is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable.
2. Services. ABC agrees to provide those services described in the “Proposal” attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the
“Services”) with respect to all acceptable membership agreements of the Client that have been delivered to ABC
from time to time under this Agreement. The Services shall be provided in accordance with ABC’s customary
practices as modified by ABC from time to time. Upon receipt of an acceptable membership agreement or account
information, both as determined by ABC in its reasonable discretion, and such membership agreement or account
information becomes an active account on ABC’s billing system, ABC will collect and maintain account information
pursuant to its customary practices as modified by ABC from time to time during the time ABC is actively collecting
the account on behalf of the Client. The Client will be responsible for maintaining a physical or digital copy of the
membership agreement. The Client specifically authorizes the originating depository financial institution (“ODFI”)
utilized by ABC to process ACH payments to originate ACH entries on behalf of the Client and ABC pursuant to this
Agreement.
3. Payment to ABC. The Client agrees to pay ABC for the “Services” pursuant to the “Proposal” attached hereto as
“Schedule 1”. All ABC fees and other amounts collected by ABC on behalf of the Client, such as pass-through costs
and other amounts due to ABC or any of its Affiliates from Client pursuant to this or any other agreement will be
deducted and retained by ABC from the amount collected on behalf of the Client. The fees apply to all payments on
active membership agreements under service by ABC, whether payments are made to ABC or directly to the Client.
ABC reserves the right, from time to time, to change the fees and charges provided for herein for various reasons,
including, without limit, upon a change in the Client’s average monthly transaction volume, changes in Client’s late
and service fee policies, or changes in the cost of providing payment processing services to the Client. If Client
wishes to dispute such change, it may deliver written notice thereof to ABC within sixty (60) days of Client’s receipt of
the first monthly report reflecting such change. If Client disputes such changes, the parties may negotiate a mutual
agreement regarding fees or either may terminate this Agreement by providing thirty (30) days written notice to the
other.
4. Remittance to Client. Billing cycles will occur twice per month. The 1st through the 15th shall represent one billing
cycle, while the 16th through the end of the month shall represent the other billing cycle. Net Receipts for each billing
cycle will be remitted to the Client by the 5th business day following the cycle cutoff. ABC will not be responsible for
delay in remittance due to weekends, holidays or other conditions beyond the reasonable control of ABC. “Net
Receipts” shall mean an amount equal to the total membership agreement payments less the sum of the following:
(I) reversals, charge backs, refunds, returns or other credits against payments collected; (II) the billing fee set forth in
paragraph 3; (III) any credit for payments made directly to the Client; and (IV) any charge or amount due from Client
or any of its Affiliates to ABC pursuant to this Agreement, or any other agreement between Client or any of its
Affiliates and ABC or any of its Affiliates or any policy established by ABC from time to time. ABC Client may at its
option and upon the Client’s request allow an early deposit of Available Collected Funds any business day of the
month. Available Collected funds shall mean the amount of funds actually collected and received by ABC from
members on behalf of Client pursuant to membership agreements, or any other agreement serviced by ABC under
this Billing Service Agreement, net of ABC’s projected billing fees and applicable administrative fees for such early
deposit and net of projected charge backs, returns, holdbacks, and refunds. ABC will use its reasonable best efforts to
post Available Collected Funds to Client’s account one business day after their actual receipt. For purposes of this
Agreement, “Affiliate(s)” shall mean a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified. Where a member has remitted payment to

www.abcfitness.com

