Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
investments available for current use with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash and
cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash
Restricted cash consists of franchisee contributions held in a general advertising and marketing
fund. The use of the cash is restricted to advertising and marketing expenditures, as defined.
Restricted cash has been combined with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the
beginning and end of period balances in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses
Accounts receivable consists primarily of franchise fees, royalty fees, and trade receivables that
develop in the normal course of business. It is the policy of management to review the outstanding
accounts receivable at year end for any expected losses, as well as bad debt expenses in the past,
and establish an allowance for credit losses for uncollectible amounts, if necessary. The allowance
for credit losses was $1,801 and $165 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. Accounts receivable is considered past due if any portion of the receivable balance is
outstanding past the due date established by the Company.
Inventory Valuation
Inventory consists of finished goods and is primarily comprised of equipment, studio supplies, retail
products, and technology hardware. Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable
value, and cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Management performs
periodic assessments to determine the existence of obsolete, slow-moving, and nonsaleable
inventories and records necessary provisions to reduce such inventories to net realizable value.
Prepaid Expenses
Prepaid expenses primarily consist of payments made in advance for goods and services to be
received in future periods. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, prepaid expenses include prepaid
interest, prepaid inventory, and other operating prepaid expenses that can be amortized over time.
Prepaid expenses are recognized as current assets and amortized over the periods in which the
related benefits are realized.
Property and Equipment and Depreciation Methods
Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and improvements
are capitalized, and minor replacements, maintenance, and repairs are charged to expense as
incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and
accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included
in the results of operations for the respective period. Depreciation is provided over the estimated
useful lives of the related assets using the straight-line method for financial statement purposes.
The estimated useful lives for furniture, equipment, and auto and trucks are 5 to 7 years.
Depreciation of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over the
shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements.
Business Combinations
The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting,
which requires that the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at fair value at
the date of acquisitions. The purchase price of the acquisitions is allocated to the assets acquired
including amortizable intangible assets and the liabilities assumed in the amounts equal to the
estimated fair value of each asset and liability. Any excess of purchase price over fair value of net

10

