4.
you sign a written agreement in a form satisfactory to us in which you and your
investors covenant to observe all applicable post-term obligations and covenants contained in this
Agreement and release us and our affiliates from any claims you may have against us, or any further
obligations we may have to you;
5.
the proposed transferee enters into a new franchise agreement with us, on the terms
we then generally offer to new franchisees (including fees payable and size of territory); provided, however,
that no new initial franchise fee will be required to be paid, and further provided that the term of that
franchise agreement, unless otherwise agreed, will be the remaining term of your franchise agreement;
6.
the proposed transferee agrees in writing to perform such maintenance, remodeling
and re-equipping of your Anytime Fitness Center that we determine necessary to bring your Anytime
Fitness Center in compliance with our then-current standards, including any updates to your technology
and security equipment that we determine necessary;
7.
after the proposed transferee signs the new franchise agreement with us, the
proposed transferee’s Principal Operator successfully completes such training and instruction as we deem
necessary and appoints a manager we approve to manage the Anytime Fitness Center for the period
following the Transfer until the proposed transferee’s Principal Operator successfully completes the
training and instruction;
8.
you and all holders of an interest in you sign a general release, in the form
prescribed by us, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims that you or any of your investors
may have against us and our affiliates, including our and their respective shareholders, officers, directors
and employees, in both their individual and corporate capacities;
9.
prior to the Transfer, you or the proposed transferee pay to us or the applicable
broker, as we designate, any broker fees or commissions that we or you incur in connection with the
Transfer; and
10.
prior to the Transfer, you pay us a transfer fee. If the Transfer occurs before your
Anytime Fitness Center has opened for business, the transfer fee will be Twenty Five Thousand Dollars
($25,000). If the Transfer occurs after your Anytime Fitness Center is open, then the transfer fee will be
Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety-nine Dollars ($9,999).
We may expand upon, and provide more details related to, the conditions for transfer and our
consent as described in this Section 13(B), and may do so in the Manual or otherwise in writing.
You consent to our releasing to any proposed transferee any information concerning your Anytime
Fitness Center that you have reported to us, or that is in our files or otherwise available to us, including but
not limited to financial information.
If a transfer or assignment is caused by your death or incapacity (including the death or incapacity
of any person directly or indirectly owning fifty percent (50%) or more of an interest in the entity that is
the franchisee under this Agreement), the provisions of this Subparagraph B must be met by the heir or
personal representative succeeding to your interest; provided, however, if the heir or personal representative
assigns, transfers, or sells its interest in the franchise and in your Anytime Fitness Center within one hundred
twenty (120) days after your death or incapacity, the transferee, and not the heir or personal representative,
must comply with the provisions of this Subparagraph B.

26

