You must pay our then-current on-site training cancellation fee in the event you cancel any scheduled
training program to take place on-site at your Anytime Fitness center, which may vary based upon the
specific training program and how far in advance you provide notice of cancellation. Our cancellation fee
is currently as follows: (i) no cancellation fee if you cancel it 30 or more days in before scheduled training,
and (ii) 100% cancellation fee (i.e. no refund) if you cancel it less than 30 days before the scheduled training
program. We currently do not charge any other on-site cancellation fees for our training programs, but we
reserve the right to do so in the future. For training you must provide certain documents related to the club
performance at least 14 days in advance of the on-site training visit. If you fail to provide the requested
documents at least 14 days in advance you must re-book the training and pay a $2,000 re-booking fee in
addition to the fee you paid for the training.
(11) A person owning more than a ten percent (10%) interest in your Anytime Fitness center and signing
and guaranteeing the franchise agreement, who we will refer to throughout this Disclosure Document as
the “Principal Owner,” must attend our Conference. If they do not register for the Conference, we will bill
you for the “early bird” minimum conference fee after the Conference.
(12) We will prorate the requirement, and the fee, during the first year you operate.
(13) If you transfer the franchise before you open the center, the fee will be $25,000. If you transfer the
franchise after you open, the transfer fee is $9,999. If you are a member of Club Platinum or Club Purple
and you purchase an existing open Anytime Fitness center for less than $125,000, we will charge you 50%
of the then-current transfer fee. In addition, prior to the transfer, you or the proposed transferee must pay to
us or the applicable broker, as we designate, any broker fees or commissions that we or you incur in
connection with the transfer.
(14) You must upgrade your Anytime Fitness center as a condition to renew your franchise. Club
enhancement fees we recommend you collect from your members should cover some or all of this amount.
However, we do not represent these amounts will be sufficient to complete the remodeling. The actual
costs you incur will vary, depending on the condition of your Anytime Fitness center, construction and
other costs in your market, and our requirements at that time. Further, you will likely need additional
amounts to comply with our equipment and technology standards and requirements that we adopt from time
to time, which may require you to replace your cardio and strength equipment. Based on our current
standards, you should expect to replace selective cardio equipment within 5-7 years, and strength equipment
approximately 10 years after opening. The timing for replacing equipment will depend on a variety of
factors, including our then current standards, member usage, new innovations in technology, security and
equipment, brand enhancement, and emerging trends in the industry.
(15) After the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Plan, you must spend a minimum required amount each month
on approved local advertising. You must spend a minimum of $600 per month on local advertising if your
Anytime Fitness center is located within a Tier 3 market. You must spend $800 per month on local
advertising if your Anytime Fitness center is located within a Tier 2 market. You must spend $1,000 per
month on local advertising if your Anytime Fitness center is located within a Tier 1 market. Currently, you
are not required pay these amounts to us but we may require you to provide proof of purchase or other
documentation to verify you spent the required amount and if you did not spend the required amount we
may require you to pay the difference between what you should have spent and what you actually spent
into the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. Amounts you pay to us for Marketing Materials after
the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Plan will count against this Local Marketing Spend requirement. We
may also require you to pay to us the minimum required amount each month for local advertising, plus our
current one-time setup fee, and we will conduct the local advertising on your behalf.

FDD

18

