advertising of any kind to which we object. We reserve the right to require you to update your signage at
any time at your expense.
C.
in writing.

Services. You will conform to all quality and customer service standards prescribed by us

D.
Maintenance of Premises. You will paint and keep in an attractive, clean and sanitary
condition the interior and exterior of your Anytime Fitness Center premises. All equipment will be kept in
good working order and will meet our quality standards.
E.
Approved Information System. We may designate the information system used in your
Anytime Fitness Center, including the computer hardware, software, other equipment and enhancements
(the “Information System”). In such event, in connection with the approved Information System, you agree
to the provisions set forth below. If you suspect or know of a security breach, you must immediately give
notice of such security breach and promptly identify and remediate the source of any compromise of
security breach at your expense. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of breach or
compromise and all duties to monitor credit histories and transactions concerning customers of the Anytime
Fitness Center, unless otherwise directed by us.
1.
You must acquire the right to use the Information System, obtain peripheral
equipment and accessories and arrange for installation, required maintenance and support services, and
interfacing of your Information System with our accounting system, all at your cost. Installation must be
performed by a person we have approved and trained.
2.
You must purchase and install certain components of your Information System,
including certain computer hardware and software and networking equipment, door readers, key fobs,
security and surveillance system, and CCTVs from us, our affiliate or other mandatory supplier or vendor.
You must also pay us, our affiliate or other mandatory supplier or vendor for the shipping, taxes and
installation of such components, and you will be charged a fee if you fail to meet certain specifications
before the components are installed.
3.
You must obtain all billing and payment processing services through our
designated vendor. We or one of our affiliates will provide you, free of charge, one license for its
proprietary access control software (the “Club Operating Software”) for use at your Anytime Fitness Center,
subject to all applicable license terms and conditions. The Club Operating Software, which will be deemed
part of the Information System, is designed to provide your members 24-hour access to your Anytime
Fitness Center, track usage, and give members reciprocity between Anytime Fitness centers. You must, at
your cost, install and properly maintain the Club Operating Software.
4.
You must use our designated member management and personal training software
(“Club Management Software”), and you may be required to sign a license agreement in connection with
the same. You must report to us your personal training revenue each month through our Club Management
Software, or other means we may require, and if you fail to provide us any such monthly report, you must
pay us a fee of Five Hundred Dollars ($500) per missing report.
5.
You must pay us, our affiliate or other mandatory supplier or vendor the thencurrent base technology fee (“Base Technology Fee”), which currently includes the support fee for access
to the Information System, use of the Club Management Software, certain security system services, fees in
connection with using and offering body composition scanner, and fees for using our designated music
vendor. The Base Technology fee is currently Seven Hundred Ninety-nine Dollars ($799) per month for
your center under this Franchise Agreement.

14

