CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC Area
Development Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Anytime Fitness
franchises offered and sold in the state of California:
This California Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of California or if your business
will be located in California.
1.
The California Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Section 20000
through 20043), provides franchisees with additional rights concerning termination and non-renewal of the
Area Development Agreement and certain provisions of the Area Development Agreement relating to
termination and non-renewal may be superseded by the Act. There may also be court decisions which may
supersede the Area Development Agreement and your relationship with Franchisor, including the areas of
termination and renewal of Franchisee’s franchise. If the Area Development Agreement is inconsistent
with the law, the law will control.
2.
The Area Development Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur
at Minneapolis, Minnesota with the costs being borne by both parties unless the party seeking arbitration
seeks arbitration prior to mediating the dispute. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private
legal counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions
Code section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any
provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.
3.
The Area Development Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of
Minnesota. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
4.
The provision in the Area Development Agreement which terminates the franchise upon
the bankruptcy of the Franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101.
5.
The Area Development Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends
beyond the termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
6.
The Area Development Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause. Under California
Civil Code section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable.
7.
Section 8 of the Area Development Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with
the following:
“[Intentionally Deleted]”
8.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
9.
Pursuant to Section 31512.1 of the California Franchise Investment Law, any provision of
a franchise agreement, franchise disclosure document, acknowledgment, questionnaire, or other writing,

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Area Development Agreement (03/2025)

