Protected Territory
Once the site for your Anytime Fitness center has been approved, we will grant you a protected territory.
(If you sign an Area Development Agreement with us, we will also give you a protected territory at the
time you sign that agreement.) The limitations on us in that territory are described below.
If you sign an Area Development Agreement (“ADA”), we will describe this territory in the Rider to that
agreement. The territory will typically be described as a geographic area in which each of your Anytime
Fitness centers must be developed. The criteria we use for determining these territories is simply geographic
markets in which we believe it may be feasible to develop an Anytime Fitness center. If you are in
compliance with the Development Schedule set forth in the Rider, then until your protected territory rights
expire, we will not develop or operate or grant anyone else a franchise to develop and operate an Anytime
Fitness center from any location in the Development Territory, except for fitness centers within private
establishments where access to these centers is limited to employees of the business, or transient guests of
the business who, in either case, would not have reciprocity with any other Anytime Fitness center as a
result of their use or membership in this private center. However, we do have the right to operate, or grant
others the right to do so, fitness studios/businesses except under the Anytime Fitness name within or outside
your protected territory, and fitness studios/businesses operated under the Anytime Fitness name or Marks
outside your protected territory, even if they compete for members with your center, and even if the
territorial boundaries for that franchise overlap with the boundaries for your territory. You will not receive
an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from
other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
You will sign the Franchise Agreement for your first Anytime Fitness center contemporaneously with
signing the ADA. You will sign our then-current Franchise Agreement for each subsequent Anytime
Fitness center that you open according to the development schedule in the ADA. We will determine or
approve the site of any future Anytime Fitness centers and any protected territories for those Anytime
Fitness centers based on our then-current standards for sites and territories.
Your rights in this territory will end at the earlier of (i) the date your ADA expires or terminates; (ii) the
date on which your last Anytime Fitness center must open under the terms of the Development Schedule;
or (iii) the date when the individual protected territories given to you under a franchise agreement for your
final Anytime Fitness center are determined. If the protected territory covers more than one city, county or
designated market area, the protection for each particular city, county or designated market area will also
expire on the date when we determine the protected territory to be given to you under a franchise agreement
for your final Anytime Fitness center to be developed in that city, county or designated market area. When
your rights in a protected territory have expired under the ADA, you will still have the rights granted to you
in any portion of these territories under an individual Franchise Agreement.
You are responsible if we terminate the ADA because you are unable to secure one or more acceptable,
proposed locations to fulfill the development schedule in your ADA. If you fail to meet the terms of the
development schedule in your ADA or you fail to develop a Anytime Fitness center on or before the
Required Opening Date in your Franchise Agreement, we can terminate your ADA and/or Franchise
Agreement(s) in their entirety and you are not entitled to a refund of any of the Development Fees or Initial
Franchise Fees paid.
When you sign a Franchise Agreement, we will give you a protected territory and describe it in a Rider to
that agreement.
To identify your protected territory, we will use mapping and demographic software to draw a circle around
your location. The determination of your protected territory is within our sole discretion. The radius of the
circle identifying the protected territory may vary, but will be no larger than 3 miles and your protected

FDD

43

