the Effective Date. If you have engaged one of our affiliates to provide you with site selection services and
you are actively working with such affiliate to obtain a site, we will waive the Monthly Fee until you begin
operating your Anytime Fitness Center. If your obligation to begin paying the Monthly Fee commences
after the first day of the month, the Monthly Fee will not be due until the month that begins immediately
after the month that your obligation to pay the Monthly Fee begins. For example, if you sign this Agreement
April 15, and your Anytime Fitness Center opens June 15, the first time that you must pay the Monthly Fee
is July 1. Your obligation to pay the Monthly Fee continues through the term of this Agreement. You will
also pay the full amount of the Monthly Fee for the last month of the term of this Agreement, regardless
the actual date of expiration or termination date of this Agreement. We may, upon 30 days’ prior notice to
you, replace the fixed Monthly Fee with a percentage-based monthly royalty on all Gross Revenue,
including personal training revenue and point of sale revenue (not to exceed 8% of Gross Revenue).
B.

Method of Payment.

1.
Notwithstanding any designation by you, we have the sole discretion to apply any
payments made by you to any of your indebtedness for Monthly Fees, General Advertising and Marketing
Fees, purchases from us or our affiliates, vendors, interest, collection costs or any other indebtedness. You
agree that you will not withhold payment of any Monthly Fees, General Advertising and Marketing Fees
or any other amount due us, and that the alleged non-performance or breach of any of our obligations under
this Agreement or any related agreement does not establish a right at law or in equity to withhold payments
due us for Monthly Fees, General Advertising and Marketing Fees or any other amounts due.
2.
You hereby authorize your billing and payment processor to deduct from any
monies it collects on your behalf the amount of all fees and payments you are obligated to pay us and to
our affiliates and to pay those fees to us or to our affiliates on the due date of such fee. We also have the
right to require you to sign and deliver to us, our bank(s) and your bank, as necessary, all forms and
documents that we may request to permit us to debit your account, either by check, via electronic funds
transfer or other means or such alternative methods as we may designate (“Payment Methods”) for all fees
and payments due to us. We may use the Payment Methods to collect Monthly Fees, advertising fees and
any other amounts due to us or our affiliates on the date such amounts become due. You will notify us at
least twenty (20) days before closing or changing the account against which such debits are to be made. If
such account is closed or ceases to be used, you will immediately provide all documents and information
necessary to permit us to debit the amounts due from an alternative account. You acknowledge that these
requirements are only a method to facilitate prompt and timely payment of amounts due and will not affect
any obligation or liability for amounts owed.
C.
Security Interest. You grant us a first priority security interest in your receivables and
equipment, whether now existing or hereinafter created, together with all proceeds of such assets. You
authorize us to file one or more financing statements to evidence this security interest. However, we will
subordinate our first priority interest to a lending institution that provides you financing for your Anytime
Fitness Center.
D.
Charitable Contribution. We may, upon 30 days’ prior notice to you, require that you pay
One Hundred Dollars ($100) per month to Heartfirst Charitable Foundation or another charitable
organization we designate on or before the first day of each month.
6.

ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION

A.
Grand Opening Program. You agree to conduct a grand opening advertising and
promotional program (“Grand Opening Program”) for your Anytime Fitness Center beginning sixty (60)
days prior to your scheduled opening and ending sixty (60) days following the opening of your Anytime

6

