TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS SERVICES AGREEMENT
THIS TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS SERVICES AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and
entered into as of the ____ day of ____________ 20 ___ (the "Effective Date"), by and between
PV Distribution LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ProVision”) and
, (“Customer”) having an Anytime Fitness Center located at the
following address:
(the
“Facility”).
1. Services:
a.
Website and Email Hosting Services. ProVision agrees to perform and provide to Customer
services consisting of non-exclusive electronic access to a digital information processing,
transmission and storage system ("Server") to store Customer's web site ("Site") and make the Site
available via the global computer communications network ("Internet"). ProVision also agrees to
provide and host for Customer up to five (5) Microsoft Exchange email mailboxes under the
@anytimefitness.com domain (“Mailboxes”). ProVision’s email hosting services shall be limited to:
(i) account setup and deletion; (ii) password resets; (iii) assisting with email exporting (.pst files);
(iv) operational training; and (v) troubleshooting relating to access, delivery or receiving of emails.
The foregoing services in this Section 1(a) are the "Hosting Services". Customer agrees that the
Hosting Services shall not include any web site development services, authorship or creation with
respect to the Site.
b. Global Access Software Installation and Support. ProVision agrees to install the Anytime Fitnessapproved proprietary club management and global access/reciprocity software (the “Proprietary
Software”) on Customer's Equipment (defined in Section 3.d.) for access control and to provide
remote technical maintenance, troubleshooting and configuration of the Proprietary Software and
Customer’s access control network ("Proprietary Installation and Support Services" or "Proprietary
I&S Services"). The Proprietary I&S Services include anti- virus and anti-malware services relating
to the disruption of the Proprietary Software and may include the periodic upgrading of the
Proprietary Software with newer versions or releases. All support for the Proprietary Software is
provided remotely. Upgrades, updates or other changes to the Proprietary Software may be made
remotely and at such times as ProVision deems necessary or appropriate, in its sole discretion, with
or without notice. Upon availability of a new release or version of the Proprietary Software, ProVision
may cease supporting prior versions or releases upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written
notice. Any new or additional Equipment necessitated by a software upgrade will be the responsibility
of Customer.
c. Security Monitoring. ProVision agrees to perform and provide to Customer physical security
monitoring services at the Facility ("Security Monitoring Services") if, and only if, Customer
purchases all security equipment through ProVision pursuant to a separate purchase order and
ProVision installs that equipment. Customer acknowledges that the Security Monitoring Services will
include the monitoring of the physical alarm system but such Security Monitoring Services do not
include monitoring video recorders, closed circuit televisions (CCTVs) or Customer’s local area
network. ProVision will not provide Security Monitoring Services for a security system purchased
from, or installed by, a third party.
d. Availability of Services. The Hosting Services, Technology Services, Proprietary I&S Services
and Monitoring Services (if applicable) are collectively referred to as the "Services." Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, ProVision shall attempt to provide the Services for twentyfour (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week throughout the term of this Agreement. Customer
agrees that from time to time the Services may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason,
including, without limitation: (i) equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or
repairs which ProVision may undertake from time to time; or (iii)

1

