payments made by such person to a third party with respect to any liability, damage, loss or claim to which the foregoing
indemnity relates. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing provisions, no indemnification or agreement to
hold Lender harmless is provided hereunder for any liability, loss, damage, costs or expense resulting from Lender’s
gross negligence, willful misconduct or illegal actions.
(e)
Notices, All notices or other written communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been
properly given (a) upon delivery, if delivered in person, by facsimile transmission with receipt acknowledged by the
recipient thereof or by electronic mail transmission with receipt acknowledged by the recipient thereof, (b) one (1)
Business Day (defined below) after having been deposited for overnight delivery with any reputable overnight courier
service, or (c) three (3) Business Days after having been deposited in any post office or mail depository regularly
maintained by the U.S. Postal Service and sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, addressed to the parties at their addresses listed on the signature page. Either party by notice to the other
may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.
(f)
Attorneys’ Fees. Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that it shall reimburse Lender for any and
all reasonable out-of-pocket litigation, collection and enforcement fees and costs of whatever nature, including
reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys' fees and court costs, which Lender may incur as a result of its
enforcement of Borrower’s obligations hereunder following an Event of Default, including, without limitation, all
"workout" or similar discussions and negotiations and all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and costs incurred in
connection with Lender's involvement in any bankruptcies arising therefrom. Borrower shall additionally be
responsible for the payment at the initial funding of principal hereunder all reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees
incurred by Lender in connection with the documentation and closing of this credit facility.
(g)
Binding Effect: Assignment. This Agreement may be assigned by Lender, including, without limitation
the assignment or sale of a participation interest in the loan transaction governed by this Agreement.
Borrower
authorizes Lender to disseminate any information it has pertaining to the loan transaction, including, without limitation,
credit information on Borrower, any of its principals, any guarantor, or any other party liable, directly or indirectly for the
Obligations, to such assignee or participant or prospective assignee or participant. Borrower shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver any and all instruments reasonably requested by Lender in connection with such
assignment or participation. Borrower may not assign its interest in, or obligation under, this Agreement except
with the written consent of Lender. Subject to the forgoing, all of the terms, covenants, conditions, representations
and warranties hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors and assigns of Lender and
Borrower. Borrower hereby consents to the collateral assignment of Lender's interests in and to the Credit
Agreement to third party creditors of Lender without the need for any further consent of whatever nature by
Borrower. Should Lender's assignee assume rights under the Credit Agreement, Borrower covenants and agrees
that they will continue to perform the Credit Agreement in accordance with its terms and conditions and shall
recognize said assignee as the lawful and enforceable successor in interest to Lender.

(h)

[RESERVED].

(i)
Preparation of Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge that this Agreement has been
negotiated and prepared in an arms-length transaction and that both Lender and Borrower have negotiated all the terms
contained herein. Accordingly, the parties agree that neither party shall be deemed to have drafted the Agreement and
the Agreement shall not be interpreted against either party as the draftsman.
Q)
Other Acts and Documents. The parties agree to undertake such other acts and execute such
other documents as maybe reasonably necessary to affect the purpose and intent of this Agreement.
(k)
Merger. This Agreement, and the other agreements or instruments identified or referenced in
the Credit Agreement represent the culmination of all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements between the
parties

with

respect

to the

agreements are merged herein.

transaction

contemplated

hereby.

All

such

prior

negotiations,

representations,

and

