for our time in obtaining the coverage for you. You assume all risks in connection with the adequacy of
any insurance or self-insurance program and waive any claim against us for any liability costs or expenses
arising out of any uninsured claim, in full or in part, of any nature whatsoever. Your obligation to obtain
and maintain these insurance policies in the minimum amounts we require is not limited in any way by
reason of any insurance that we may maintain, nor does your procurement of required insurance relieve you
of liability under the indemnity obligations described in Section 11(B). Your insurance procurement
obligations under this Section are separate and independent of your indemnity obligations. We do not
represent or warrant that any insurance that you are required to purchase will provide adequate coverage
for you. The requirements of insurance specified in this Agreement are for our protection. You should
consult with your insurance agents, brokers, attorney or other insurance advisors to determine the level of
insurance protection you need in addition to the coverages and limits we require. If you do not obtain or
maintain insurance coverage that meets our requirements and we obtain it for you, you must pay us our
then-current insurance handling fee plus the cost of the premiums we pay for the insurance.
B.
Relationship; Your Indemnification. We and you are independent contractors. Neither we
nor you will make any agreements, representations, or warranties in the name of or on behalf of the other
or that our relationship is other than franchisor and franchisee. Neither we nor you will be obligated by or
have any liability under any agreements, representations or warranties made by the other nor will we be
obligated for any damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the operation of
your Anytime Fitness Center. You assume sole and complete responsibility for and will defend at your
own cost and indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless us, our affiliates and our respective officers and
directors from and against all loss, costs, expenses, obligations and damages and liabilities (including
defense costs) arising directly or indirectly out of the development or operation of your Anytime Fitness
Center, including, without limitation, claims relating to your employment practices, twenty-four (24) hour
unsupervised access, equipment selection, and floor plan, you or your employees’ actions or inactions and
amounts we pay on your behalf. You will have the right to defend any such claim against you. We, using
our own counsel, by notice to you, may control any matter in which we are named or directly affected, but
this will not affect your liability to pay all attorneys’ fees we incur in defending ourselves, which obligation
is part of your indemnification obligation. The indemnities and assumptions of liabilities and obligations
set forth in this Agreement will continue in full force and effect subsequent to the expiration or termination
of this Agreement.
C.
Our Indemnification. We will indemnify you against and reimburse you for any
obligations or liability for damages payable to third parties and attributable to agreements, representations
or warranties made by us, or caused by our negligence or willful action (so long as such obligations or
liabilities are not asserted on the basis of theories such as agency, apparent agency or vicarious liability or
claim of negligent failure to compel your compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Manual or
any other agreement between you and us), and for costs reasonably incurred by you in the defense of any
such claim brought against you or in any action in which you are named as a party, provided that we will
have the right to participate in and, to the extent we deem necessary, to control any litigation or proceeding
which might result in liability of or expense to you subject to such indemnification.
12.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDIT RIGHTS

A.
Financial Statements. Within thirty (30) days following your fiscal year end, you will, at
your own expense, provide us with copies of your financial statements (reviewed by your accountant),
including an income statement for the fiscal year just ended and a balance sheet, cash flow statement, and
any other document accompanying your financial statements, as of the end of such fiscal year, which
financial statements will have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis. We will also have the right to request other financial statements, reports and
information from you during the year, and you will deliver those financial statements, reports and

24

