You must spend $23,000 in local marketing if your Anytime Fitness center is located within a Tier 1 market.
Your market tier is determined by population size; Tier 1 is a market in which we have determined there
are more than 50,000 people within a 3 mile radius of the location of your Anytime Fitness center; Tier 2
is a market in which we have determined there are between 25,000 and 49,999 people within a 3 mile radius
of the location of your Anytime Fitness center; and Tier 3 is a market in which we have determined there
are less than 25,000 people within a 3 mile radius of the location of your Anytime Fitness center.
(7) We may increase the amount and calculation of the Base Technology Fee 10% annually. Adjustments
are compounded annually and cumulative including increases in any given year of greater than 10% to
adjust for prior years when no increase, or an increase of less than the permitted percentage increase, was
implemented. While the services ProVision provides include security monitoring, the fee is paid for
ProVision’s ongoing support of the technology purchased through ProVision, technology services,
proprietary and club management software, any applicable development updates and release updates,
networking equipment and support, door reader technology, security and surveillance system, fitness
scanning and/or monitoring equipment, sound system, and email hosting. You are paying nothing extra for
security monitoring on a system ProVision installed. Therefore, if you have someone else do your security
monitoring, this fee will not change. This fee also does not include support for any third-party software,
including any type of malicious software protection. This fee may also not include the rights to any required
digital media content for in-club display. Although not currently required, you may be required to purchase
rights in this digital content to display in your Anytime Fitness Center during the term of your Franchise
Agreement. In addition, if you need service on equipment or a system that ProVision did not install,
ProVision may provide that support but will charge you its then-current hourly support fee. The current
hourly rate is $150.
(8) If you are implementing the Coaching Suite for an existing center that does not already have access to
and use the Coaching Suite (which is currently required if you operate multiple Anytime Fitness centers
and are implementing the Coaching Suite in any of your Anytime Fitness centers, such as upon signing our
then-current form of Franchise Agreement for a renewal term for any center) then you will pay us a fee for
access to a proprietary Coaching Suite (as defined in Item 11) that will help you provide personal and group
training, nutrition and recovery programming to your members. This fee is $149 per Anytime Fitness center
for up to three centers. If you have four or more Anytime Fitness centers, the fee is $109 per center, for all
centers up to a maximum of nine. As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, use of the Coaching
Suite is required. You must also sign the Coaching Suite Addendum attached to this Disclosure Document
as Exhibit N.
(9) In order to use the Coaching Suite in your Anytime Fitness center, you must complete the Coaching
Suite Training. This Training Program is included in New Franchisee Training and is also offered in a
virtual format. Training for you is included in your Initial Franchise Fee. If you are an existing franchisee
that will now elect to offer the Coaching Suite in your existing Anytime Fitness center(s), and you have not
already successfully completed this training program, you must attend the Coaching Suite Training
separately. The fee for the Coaching Suite Training is $250 per person.
(10) If you require or request on-site assistance, you can request that we send a representative to provide
further assistance to you. If we agree to provide this additional assistance, we must agree in advance to the
charges you will pay and the length of the visit. We may also require you to receive additional assistance
if you are not meeting our requirements, if we determine, in our sole discretion, additional pre-opening or
post-opening assistance is required, or if we determine that it is necessary for us to provide additional
assistance to you to keep the system competitive or correct any deficiencies in your business. We will send
a representative or designee out to your club for 2 to 6 days of required, on-site training for you and your
staff in club operations. Length of training is at our discretion. Travel costs, room and board for corporate
staff are included in the fee.

FDD

17

