center per month during the initial term of your Franchise Agreement.
d.
“Principal Owner” means anyone owning more than ten percent (10%) of the Center and who has
signed and guaranteed the Franchise Agreement for the Center.
e.
4(a).

“Registration Fees” means the fees due from you to us for Initial Coaching, as described in Section

2.

GRANT OF LIMITED LICENSE TO COACHING SUITE.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement and this Addendum, we hereby grant to
you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable, freely revocable U.S. license to access and
use the Coaching Suite at the Center. You shall not make the Coaching Suite available to any Anytime
Fitness® center, fitness center, personal trainer, or any other individual or facility other than the Center that
is subject to this Addendum. You also agree that the Coaching Suite shall be made available only to your
employees and not to any independent contractors or other individuals or entities. You must also license
the Coaching Suite for all other Anytime Fitness® Centers you currently own, and execute an Addendum
with the same or similar terms.
In consideration of the grant of the limited licenses as set forth herein, you agree to strictly adhere to any
of our mandatory standards, specifications and policies related to the Coaching Suite as they exist from
time to time. You must, at your expense, honor and participate in all promotional programs that we require
related to the Coaching Suite.
3.

INITIAL COACHING AND DELIVERABLES.

We shall provide a Coaching Suite Coaching program of up to eight (8) hours at our corporate headquarters
or at such other places as we may designate from time to time. The Coaching Suite Coaching program shall
include Coaching on designing and delivering a personal Coaching program. By executing this Addendum,
you agree that one (1) Principal Owner will attend the Coaching Suite Coaching program within ninety (90)
days of executing this Addendum. If the Coaching Suite Coaching Program is provided in the field, on-site
at your Anytime Fitness center or the center of a participating franchisee, then Coaching is provided for up
to a total of 21 attendees. All attendees must be employees of participating franchisees. If you have more
than one (1) Center, you shall only be required to attend Coaching Suite Coaching program at our
headquarters or other designated location one (1) time. You shall be permitted to train additional employees
at your Center following your completion of Coaching Suite Coaching program and we will provide you
with program materials to assist with Coaching as they exist from time to time.
Following the completion of Coaching Suite Coaching program, we shall also provide you access to
program materials which may be incorporated into the Coaching Suite from time to time.
4.

FEES.

a.
Registration Fees. If you are an existing franchisee and have not already attended and successfully
completed the Coaching Suite Coaching program, then you agree to pay to us our then-current pricing as a
Registration Fee for you to attend the Coaching Suite Coaching program. If you attend the Coaching Suite
Coaching at our corporate headquarters, Minnesota, the Coaching Suite fee is currently Two Hundred Fifty
Dollars ($250). You must pay to us an additional Registration Fee, at our then-current rates, currently Two
Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250) for any additional employees or your owners who attend Coaching Suite
Coaching program, subject to availability and upon our sole discretion.

