Obligation
r. Records and reports
s. Inspections and audits
t. Transfer
u. Renewal
v. Post-termination obligations
w. Non-competition covenants
x. Dispute resolution
y. Other: guaranty of franchise
obligations

Section in Franchise
Agreement
Section 12
Sections 6, 9.T and 12.B
Section 13
Sections 2.B and 9
Sections 16 and 17.B
Sections 9, 10, 16.J, and 17
Section 18
Section 20 and Personal
Guaranty (which follows the
Franchise Agreement)

Section in Development
Agreement
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Section 7
Not Applicable
Section 6
Section 9
Section 9
Personal Guaranty (which
follows the Area
Development Agreement)

Disclosure Document
Item
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Item 17
Item 17
Item 17
Items 15 and 17
Item 17
Item 15

ITEM 10.
FINANCING
We do not generally offer, directly or indirectly, any financing to you to help you establish your business.
However, we do have arrangements with various third-party equipment lenders who provide financing to
our franchisees. We do not participate in any underwriting or lending determinations with respect to any
of the financing options made available by any of the lenders listed below. Our current lender relationships,
as of the date of this Disclosure Document, are described below:
1.

Geneva Capital, LLC (“Geneva”) offers equipment financing of up to $200,000 for a new location,
including, among others, cardio and strength equipment, virtual fitness equipment, security system,
recovery equipment, and signage (but excluding your initial franchise fee and working capital),
based on credit approvals. Geneva will also offer reinvention financing of up to $75,000 per
location, including tenant improvements and equipment, for owners that have operated their
Anytime Fitness business for at least 5 years, based on credit approval. Financing is offered as a
lease that typically requires 1 advance payment of up to 20%. Geneva also collects a security
deposit equal to 1 month’s lease payment. Lease terms vary from 12 to 60 months. Geneva offers
both true tax and capital leases. Fixed equivalent interest rates are based on current market rates
and conditions and on your financial and credit worthiness. Geneva will not require you to pledge
any other assets to secure the lease, but each individual who is an owner of any business entity that
is the franchisee, and their spouse, must provide a personal guaranty. The amount of your lease
payments will depend on the amount financed, the term of the lease, and the interest rate. You will
have the right to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease at fair market value, typically
capped at 10% or 20% of the original equipment cost, assuming you have not defaulted under the
lease. The ability to prepay your obligations is negotiated on a case by case basis. Geneva also
offers financing up to $400,000, including construction costs, to members of Club Purple and Club
Platinum. Terms are similar to the financing described above.
You will be in default under Geneva’s lease documents if you fail to pay amounts owed when due
or you breach any other provision of the lease documents. If you commit a payment default, you
must pay a late charge of 15% of the payment which is late or $25, whichever is greater or, if less,
the maximum charge allowed by law. Regardless of the type of default, Geneva may retain your
security deposit, elect not to renew any or all time-out controls programmed within the equipment,
terminate or accelerate the lease and require that you pay the remaining balance of the lease
(discounted at 3% per annum), and any purchase option due, and/or return the equipment to Geneva.
Geneva may recover interest on the unpaid balance at the rate of 18% per annum or, if less, the
highest rate permitted by law. It may also exercise any remedies available to it under the Minnesota
Uniform Commercial Code or the law of its assignee’s principal place of business. It may also file
criminal charges against you and prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law if any information

FDD

27

