relating to covenants not to compete, enforcement, notice, and all sections referenced as “Miscellaneous”
or “Acknowledgments” shall be incorporated into this Agreement by reference in place of the previous
provisions. Likewise, if you or any affiliate later sign yet another franchise agreement, at all times, the
provisions contained in the last franchise agreement you or such affiliate signs with us, which relate to
covenants not to compete, enforcement, and notice, and all sections referenced as “Miscellaneous” or
“Acknowledgments,” are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference in place of the previous
provisions. You acknowledge having received a copy of our current form of franchise agreement for use
in the sale of Anytime Fitness Centers, and that until you sign an agreement for your first center, the
provisions of the form we provided to you relating to these matters will be deemed incorporated herein by
reference and applicable to this Agreement. Any reference to the expression “this Agreement” in such
Sections will be interpreted as a reference to this Area Development Agreement and any reference to
“Protected Territory” will read as Development Territory. This Agreement and all related agreements
executed simultaneously with this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties and
supersede any and all prior oral or written agreements between you and us on the matters contained in this
Agreement; but nothing in this or any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations we made
in the latest franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. We may designate another party to
perform, or delegate to another party the performance of, of our duties and obligations under this Agreement
or authorize that party to act on our behalf. Any provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, may
or are to be performed following expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such termination
or expiration. You must indemnify us in any action, suit, proceeding, demand, investigation, or inquiry
(formal or informal) wherein our liability is alleged or in which we are named as a party as a result of
activities by you which are not in accordance with this Agreement, with our policies, or with any law, rule,
regulation, or custom governing your business that is conducted pursuant to this Agreement. If such an
action or a claim is made against us, you shall indemnify and hold us harmless from all costs reasonably
incurred by us in the defense of any such claim brought against us or in any action, suit, proceeding,
demand, investigation, or inquiry (formal or informal) in which we are named as a party including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs of investigation or proof of facts, court costs, other litigation
expenses, and travel and living expenses, and from all amounts paid or incurred by us arising out of such
claim or action. We may defend any claim made against us. Such an undertaking by us shall, in no way,
diminish your obligation to indemnify us and hold us harmless. We are not required or obligated to seek
recovery from third parties or otherwise mitigate our losses in order to maintain a claim against you. The
above Recitals are made a part of this Agreement.
[THIS AGREEMENT CONTINUES WITH A RIDER,
WHICH IS A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT]

ADA

6

