PROVIDER PROGRAM
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM
This Addendum is made and entered on as of the Effective Date set forth in the Rider attached to
this Addendum and is by and between Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC (“we” or “us”) and the Anytime
Fitness® franchisee identified in the Rider (“you”), and is an amendment to, and a part of, the Franchise
Agreement identified in the Rider (the “Franchise Agreement”). All capitalized terms used in this
Addendum not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement.
INTRODUCTION
You and we are parties to a Franchise Agreement under which you operate an Anytime Fitness®
center identified in the Rider (the “Center”). We have developed a voluntary Provider Program (the
“Provider Program”) as part of the suite of products and services offered as part of the AF Recovery
offerings. We are incorporating AF Recovery and the Provider Program into Anytime Fitness® centers,
and you will now be granted the right to offer Provider Program services only at the Center(s) identified on
the Rider to this Addendum, under the terms of this Addendum. Multiple Centers may be identified on this
Addendum only if they are under identical ownership.
We currently have two Provider options: 1) a licensed Provider whom we have designated as a
preferred corporate provider (“Corporate Provider”); or 2) a licensed Provider in your local area, provided
that they are approved by us in writing in advance (“Local Provider”).
AGREEMENT
1.

DEFINITIONS.
a.
“Confidential Informational” means data and information: (i) relating to
our Provider Program, regardless of whether the data or information constitutes a trade
secret; (ii) disclosed to you or of which you became aware of as a consequence of your
relationship with us related to the Provider Program; (iii) related to the Provider Program
and having value to us; (iv) related to the Provider Program and not generally known to our
competitors; and (v) which includes trade secrets, methods of operation, names of
customers, price lists, financial information and projections, personnel data, operations,
training and manuals, forms and documents used to support the Provider Program, and
similar information; provided, however, that such term shall not mean data or information:
(A) which have been voluntarily disclosed to the public, except where such public
disclosure has been made by you without authorization from us; (B) which has been
independently developed and disclosed by others; or (C) which has otherwise entered the
public domain.
b.
“Derivative Work” is any work that is based upon the Provider Program,
such as an enhancement or modification, revision, translation, abridgement, condensation,
expansion, collection, compilation or any other form in which such preexisting works may
be recast, incorporated, transformed or adapted in whole or in part.
c.
“PP Monthly Fees” is the recurring monthly fee due from you for your
participation in the Provider Program. As of the Effective Date of your Provider agreement,
the PP Monthly Fees are 7% of the amount you receive in revenue from your Corporate

2

