Development Agreement or other agreement you sign with us are performed in compliance with the
applicable agreement, regardless of who performs these services on our behalf.
Regulations
Your business will be subject to national, state and local regulations that apply to all businesses, such as the
Americans With Disabilities Act, wage and hour laws, data privacy laws, and business licensing
requirements. Because you will accept credit cards, you will also have to comply with any general laws
and regulations relating to the acceptance of credit cards, including the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”)
Data Security Standard (“DSS”). Compliance with the PCI DSS is your responsibility. You must also
comply with personal information, data protection and data privacy laws that affect the safekeeping of
member information, and regulations that apply to electronic marketing, like faxes, emails, text messaging
and telemarketing. Your business is subject to state and federal regulations that allow the government to
restrict travel and/or require businesses to close during state or national emergencies.
There are no national regulations that apply specifically to the operation of fitness centers. However, many
states, and some municipalities, have laws and regulations that apply specifically to membership contracts,
operations and licenses. Many states limit the length of your customer contracts, provide for specific
provisions to be included in those contracts, prescribe the format or type size for the contract, and/or provide
customers the right to terminate their contracts. State regulations may also require you to obtain a bond to
protect pre-paid membership fees you collect. Some states and municipalities may also have enacted laws
requiring fitness centers to have a staff person available during all hours of operation, and in some cases
this person may be required to be certified in basic cardiopulmonary resuscitation, or have other specialized
training. In addition, some states have laws requiring a fitness center to have an automated external
defibrillator (“AED”) and other first aid equipment on the premises, and some may require you to take other
safety measures. If you offer nutrition, chiropractic or physical therapy services, there will be laws in some
states and municipalities that apply specifically to nutrition, chiropractic and physical therapy services,
including laws that deal with licensing, staffing, safety precautions, notices to customers, and restrictions
on services available to minors. Some states impose sales taxes on club memberships. There may also be
special permits required for you to operate some or all of your business. If these or similar laws have been
enacted in the state or municipality in which you intend to operate your Anytime Fitness center, you will
need to comply with these laws, and we urge you to become familiar with them.
There are also state and federal laws and regulations that apply to credit transactions, such as the Federal
Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, and various other credit related statutes like the Equal Credit Act
and Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. These laws and regulations vary from state to state and may affect
your operations.
Our Agents for Service of Process
Our agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit A.
ITEM 2.
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE
Chief Executive Officer: Thomas Leverton
Mr. Leverton has served as the Chief Executive Officer of our parent companies Purpose Brands Holdings,
LLC and Purpose Brands Intermediate, LLC since November 2024. From February 2020 to November
2024, Mr. Leverton was a partner for Pritzker Private Capital, located in Chicago, Illinois. From July 2014

FDD

4

