MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC Area
Development Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Anytime Fitness
franchises sold to residents in the state of Maryland:
1.
On the basis of the financial information submitted by the Franchisor to the Maryland
Securities Division the Division has required and the Franchisor has posted a surety bond, which surety
bond is on file with the Maryland Securities Division to secure the Franchisor’s pre-opening obligations to
Maryland Franchisees.
2.
Section 5 of the Area Development Agreement is revised to provide that termination upon
bankruptcy might not be enforceable under the U.S. Bankruptcy Act, but Franchisor intends to enforce it
to the extent enforceable.
3.
language:

Section 8 of the Area Development Agreement is revised to include the following
“Notwithstanding the standing provisions of this section, you may bring a
lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims under the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within three
years after the grant of the franchise.”

4.
The representations made in the Area Development Agreement are not intended to nor
should they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law.
5.
Section 7 of the Area Development Agreement is revised to provide that, pursuant to
COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition to renewal, sale or consent to
assignment/transfer, shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law.
6.
Each provision to this Addendum to the Development Agreement shall be effective only
to the extent that, with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law are met independently without reference to this Addendum.
7.
The Area Development Agreement states that Minnesota law generally applies. However,
the conditions under which your franchise can be terminated and your rights upon nonrenewal may be
affected by Maryland law, and we will comply with that law in Maryland.
8.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Area Development Agreement, nothing
will prevent the Franchisee from filing suit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law.
9.
Recital B and Section 8 of the Area Development Agreement is deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following:
“[Intentionally Deleted]”

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Area Development Agreement (03/2025)

