I.
If requested by us, you will take all further action and execute all documents necessary to
convey and assign to us all telephone and fax numbers that have been used in the operation of your Anytime
Fitness Center, as well as any other registrations or listings for any Technology Platforms that include the
words “Anytime Fitness” or if we do not so request, you will cease all use of such telephone numbers and
Technology Platforms that include the words “Anytime Fitness.”
J.
You will comply with the covenants contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited
to, the covenants not to compete and the covenants not to disclose trade secrets or confidential information.
K.
We may, if you fail or refuse to do so, execute in your name and on your behalf, any and
all actions and/or documents that may be necessary to affect your obligations under Sections 16.D and 16.I,
and you hereby irrevocably appoint us as your attorney in fact to do so, which appointment is coupled with
an interest.
L.
You will furnish us with written evidence satisfactory to us of compliance with all the
obligations set forth in this Section 16 within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this
Agreement.
M.
Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, we have the option, upon thirty (30)
days’ written notice from the date of expiration or termination, to purchase from you all or any portion of
the tangible and intangible assets relating to the Anytime Fitness Center, including your Anytime Fitness
Center premises if you own the Anytime Fitness Center premises (excluding any unsalable inventory, cash,
short-term investments and accounts receivable) (collectively, the “Purchased Assets”) and to take an
assignment of your lease for (1) the Anytime Fitness Center premises (or, if an assignment is prohibited, a
sublease for the full remaining term under the same provisions as your lease) and (2) any other tangible
leased assets used in operating the Anytime Fitness Center. We may assign to a third party this option to
purchase and assignment of leases separate and apart from the remainder of this Agreement.
The purchase price for the assets of the Anytime Fitness Center will be the “Book Value” (as
defined below) of the Purchased Assets. “Book Value” means the net book value of the Purchased Assets,
as disclosed in the last statement of your Anytime Fitness Center provided to us under Section 12 before
termination or expiration, provided, however, that: (1) each depreciable asset will be valued on a “straightline” basis without provision for salvage value; (2) we may exclude from the Purchased Assets any products
or other items that were not acquired in compliance with this Agreement; and (3) we may exclude from
Book Value any provision for goodwill or similar value attributable to intangible property. If we are not
satisfied with the accuracy or fairness of any financial statements, or none has been submitted, our regularly
employed firm of certified public accountants will determine (by audit) the Book Value. We and you will
equally bear the cost of the audit. The results of the audit will be final and binding on both parties.
The purchase price, as determined above, will be paid in cash at the closing of the purchase, which
will occur no later than sixty (60) days after we deliver notice of our election to purchase the assets of your
Anytime Fitness Center, unless Book Value is determined by audit, in which case the closing will occur
within a reasonable time, not to exceed sixty (60) days, after the results of the audit are made available. At
the closing, you will deliver documents transferring good and merchantable title to the assets purchased,
free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and liabilities to us or our designee and such other documents we
may reasonably request to permit us to operate your Anytime Fitness Center without interruption. We may
set off against and reduce the purchase price by all amounts you owe to us or any of our affiliates. If we
exercise our option to purchase your Anytime Fitness Center, we may, pending the closing, appoint a
manager to maintain your Anytime Fitness Center operations.

31

