

Physical Assessments: Clubs receive a flat rate payment for completing a physical
assessment proctoring and results submission to agency for candidates applying under
police, corrections academy or similar organizations. Participation in this program is
optional.



Pay-Per-Visit (PPV): PPV programs provide a complimentary membership to the member
and the club is paid for visits made to the club each month. Participation in Pay-Per-Visit
programs is optional.

You must use our preferred vendors for your Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program for your Anytime
Fitness center, which may include us or our affiliates, and we may require you to submit your grand opening
plans and local marketing plans for our prior approval, submit proof of purchase or other documentation to
verify you have met minimum spend requirements, and we may require you to provide performance data
to allow us to determine the performance of your local marketing activities.
We have the right to designate a single source or sources from whom you must purchase any required
products and services, and we and/or our affiliates may be that single source or one or more of the sources.
We may require you to purchase apparel and other products for use and retail sale in your Anytime Fitness
center from us or our preferred or designated vendors. SEB Distribution will sell Anytime Fitness branded
and other products for use and retail sale in your Anytime Fitness center. SEB Distribution is one of various
approved vendors for these items. You may not create or sell Anytime Fitness branded retail products or
apparel for retail sale without our express approval.
We do not currently, but we may in the future, require you to work with our designated vendors (which
may include us or our affiliates) that provide local marketing services, such as placing and managing digital
and/or traditional paid media tactics.
As described further in Item 11, the Club Management Software is mandatory and you must purchase the
Club Management Software from our designated vendor(s). We reserve the right to terminate such
designated vendors at any time and you may be required to change Club Management Software providers
or purchase it from only one designated vendor. You currently must use the Club Management Software
or our designated CRM platform to manage automated emails, text messages, and one to one
communications to your members and prospective members. You also currently must process payments for
personal, small and/or large group training through your Club Management Software.
You may be required to purchase rights to display Anytime Fitness branded digital content in your Anytime
Fitness Center during the term of your Franchise Agreement.
We are currently the only designated vendor of the Coaching Suite, which is further described in Item 11.
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, the Coaching Suite, certain elements of which are also
referred to as SmartCoaching, is a required element of our system that you must implement. We also offer
coaching, personal training, nutrition, and recovery products and services directly through your Anytime
Fitness center and through a digital health and wellness platform currently built into a mobile application
in which each of your members will be enrolled. We are the only vendor of this platform.
We are currently the only designated vendor of the Anytime Nutrition and Provider Programs, which is are
optional programs that are further described in Item 11. We may require you to offer physical therapy,
recovery and nutrition coaching services either directly or through third parties. If we do, you may be
required to use one or more of our designated vendors to provide these services, purchase additional
equipment or technology, and provide additional training to your staff.

FDD

24

