Suite.
d.
Upon termination or expiration of this Addendum or the license, all rights granted to you under this
Addendum shall terminate, the license shall revert to us, and you shall have the following obligations: (i)
you will immediately deliver to us all Confidential Information related to the Coaching Suite, including any
operation manual for the Coaching Suite, in its possession or control, and all copies and any other forms of
reproductions of these materials and any other materials provided by us and all copies thereof of any other
forms of reproductions of these materials, and you shall neither retain nor convey to another any copy or
record of any of the foregoing and you agree that all these materials are our exclusive property; (ii) you
shall immediately cease using the Coaching Suite; (iii) you shall comply with the applicable covenants
contained in this Addendum and the Franchise Agreement, including, but not limited to, the covenants not
to compete and the covenants not to disclose trade secrets or Confidential Information; and (iv) from and
after termination of this Addendum, upon our request, you shall cooperate with us in connection with any
steps required or appropriate to be taken as a result of the termination of this Addendum, and you shall
furnish us, upon request, such further information, execute and deliver such other documents and do such
other acts and things, all as we may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this
Addendum.
6.

TRANSFER.

In the event of the transfer or assignment of your Franchise Agreement, your transferee or assignee will be
required to sign an addendum, in similar form to this Addendum, agreeing to continue to receive access to
the Coaching Suite for the remaining term of the Franchise Agreement.
7.

OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION.

You acknowledge and agree that the information that we or our affiliates obtain from you or your affiliates
through the access and use of the Coaching Suite or information in your records related to the Coaching
Suite is considered part of the Information System (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) and you must
comply with all terms of the Franchise Agreement and the Manual (as defined in the Franchise Agreement)
related to the Information.
8.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION/IMPROVEMENTS/COPYRIGHTS.

You acknowledge and agree that the Coaching Suite and the Confidential Information described in this
Addendum are part of the System and subject to the same confidentiality restrictions as described in the
Franchise Agreement. You must require your employees who have access to Confidential Information to
sign a written covenant not to compete and confidentiality agreement. You shall be directly responsible and
liable to us for any acts or omissions of its employees relating to Confidential Information as if such acts
or omissions were your own. You will immediately report to us the theft, loss or destruction of any
Confidential Information. You hereby agree that, during and after the Term, you, your owners, principals
and employees will: (a) not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity, including
any derivative or spin-off of the Coaching Suite; (b) maintain the absolute secrecy and confidentiality of
the Confidential Information; (c) not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential
Information, whether in tangible or intangible form; and (d) adopt and implement all procedures that we
prescribe to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, the Confidential Information. You
further acknowledge and agree that any Derivative Work is considered an Improvement, as described in the
Franchise Agreement, and that many aspects of the Coaching Suite are Copyrighted Materials, as described
in the Franchise Agreement.

