Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
Healthy Contributions SPV LLC (“Healthy Contributions”) is a billing processing company that
assists in the transfer, processing, and distribution of funds and data for various fitness incentive
programs.
Anytime Fitness Enterprises, LLC, a subsidiary of Anytime Fitness, is lessee of certain lease
agreements for Anytime Fitness corporate-owned fitness centers.
Anytime Fitness China Holding (“Hong Kong”), Ltd., a subsidiary of Anytime Fitness, is a foreign
holding company set up to hold assets and operations in China.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Anytime Fitness, LLC and its
subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) and are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.
On April 2, 2024 (“transaction date”), Anytime Worldwide, LLC (“AWW”), the indirect parent
company of the franchisors of the Anytime Fitness, Waxing the City, Basecamp and Bar Method
brands, entered into a transaction agreement (Note 5) with Ultimate Fitness Holdings, LLC (“UFH”),
the ultimate indirect parent company of the franchisor of the Orangetheory Fitness brand, and PBH.
Upon closing of the transaction, AWW and UFH each contributed all of the equity interests in each
of their respective subsidiaries to PBH, resulting in AWW and UFH each owning fifty percent (50%)
of the total outstanding equity interests in PBH, and PBH contributed such equity interests to PBI,
resulting in PBI becoming the direct or indirect parent company of AWW's and UFH's respective
subsidiaries, including Anytime Fitness. In conjunction with closing of this transaction, OTF
Franchisor and OTFPS were contributed to Anytime Fitness and ultimately to SEB Systems,
becoming an indirect subsidiary of Anytime Fitness (Note 5).
In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the Company has elected not to apply
pushdown accounting and has prepared the financial statements on a historical basis. The
acquisition of OTFF and OTFPS to Anytime Fitness has been accounted for as a business
combination between entities under common control and thus, there was no step up to fair value.
The results for this transfer are included in the Company’s results of operations from April 2, 2024,
the date of common control.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly assesses these
estimates and, while actual results could differ, management believes that the estimates are
reasonable.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company maintains its cash in financial institutions which, at times, may exceed federally
insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is
not exposed to any significant cash credit risk. The Company considers all highly liquid

9

