□ By checking this box, Sub-merchant opts out of receiving future commercial marketing communications from American

f.
g.

h.
i.

j.

k.
l.
m.
n.

o.

p.
q.
r.

s.
t.

Express.
Sub-merchant may continue to receive marketing communications, however, while American Express updates its records to
reflect this choice. Opting out of commercial marketing communications will not preclude you from receiving important
transactional or relationship messages from American Express.
Sub-merchant acknowledges that it may be converted from the Program to a direct card acceptance relationship with American
Express if and when it becomes a High CV Merchant in accordance with Section 10.5, "High CV Merchant Conversions”
Sub-merchant expressly agrees that, upon conversion, (i) Sub-merchant will be bound by American Express' then-current Card
Acceptance Agreement; and (ii) American Express will set pricing and other fees payable by the Sub-merchant for Card
acceptance.
Sub-merchant acknowledges that American Express may use information obtained in the Sub-merchant application at the time
of setup to screen, communicate, and/or monitor Sub-merchant in connection with Card marketing and administrative purposes.
Sub-merchant agrees that it shall not assign to any third party any payments due to it under its respective Provider Merchant
Agreement, and further agrees that all indebtedness arising from Charges will be for bona fide sales of goods and services (or
both) at its Establishments and free of liens, claims, and encumbrances other than ordinary sales taxes; provided, however, that
the Sub-merchant may sell and assign future Transaction receivables to Provider, its affiliated entities and/ or any other cash
advance funding source that partners with Provider or its affiliated entities, without consent of American Express.
Sub-merchant agrees that American Express is a third-party beneficiary to the Agreement and retains all rights, but not
obligations, in the Agreement that will fully provide American Express with the ability to enforce the terms of the Provider Merchant
Agreement against the Sub-merchant.
Sub-merchant may opt-out of accepting Cards at any time without directly or indirectly affecting its rights to accept Other
Payment Products.
Sub-merchant agrees that Provider may terminate the Sub-merchant's right to accept Cards if Sub-merchant breaches any of
the provisions in this Section or the American Express Merchant Operating Guide.
Sub-merchant agrees that Provider has the right to immediately terminate a Sub-merchant for cause or fraudulent or other
activity, or upon American Express' request.
Sub-merchant agrees that its refund policies for purchases on a Card must be at least as favorable as its refund policy for
purchases on any Other Payment Products, and further agrees that the refund policy be disclosed to Cardmembers at the time
of purchase and in compliance with Applicable Law.
Sub-merchant acknowledges that it is prohibited against billing or collecting from any Cardmember for any purchase or payment
on the Card unless Chargeback has been exercised, the Sub-merchant has fully paid for such Charge, and it otherwise has the
right to do so.
Sub-merchant agrees it must comply with all Applicable Laws, rules, and regulations relating to the conduct of the Submerchant's business, including the DSR and PCI DSS, each as described in Chapter 15, "Data Security."
Sub-merchant agrees that it will report all instances of a Data Incident immediately to Provider after discovery of the incident.
Sub-merchant agrees it will cease all use of and remove American Express Licensed Marks from the Sub-merchant's website and
wherever else they are displayed upon termination of the Provider Merchant Agreement or a Sub-merchant's participation in the
Program.
Sub-merchant will ensure data quality and agrees that Transaction Data and customer information will be processed promptly,
accurately, and completely, and will comply with the American Express Technical Specifications.
Sub-merchant agrees it is solely responsible for being aware of and adhering to privacy and data protection laws and provide
specific and adequate disclosures to Cardmembers of collection, use, and processing of personal data.”

If appropriately indicated in Sub-merchant’s agreement with Provider, Sub-merchant may be a limited-acceptance merchant, which
means that Sub-merchant has elected to accept only certain Visa and Mastercard card types (i.e., consumer credit, consumer debit,
and commercial cards) and Sub-merchant must display appropriate signage to indicate the same. Acquirer has no obligation other

www.abcfitness.com

