G.
Interpretation. It is the desire and intent of you and us that the provisions of this Agreement
be enforced to the fullest extent possible under the applicable laws and public policies. Therefore, if any
provision of this Agreement is determined by a court or arbitrator to be invalid or unenforceable, that
determination will apply only to the operation of that provision in the particular proceeding in which the
determination is made. We and you agree that if any provision of this Agreement is capable of two (2)
constructions, one of which would render the provision illegal or otherwise voidable or unenforceable and
the other of which would render the provision valid and enforceable, the provision will have the meaning
that renders it valid and enforceable. The language of all provisions of this Agreement will be construed
simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly against you or us.
H.
Waiver. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 20.H, neither of us will be deemed
to have waived any obligation of the other, or to have agreed to any modification of this Agreement, unless
we have done so in writing, and the writing is signed by the person giving the waiver or agreeing to the
modification. However, you agree that you will give us immediate written notice of any claimed breach or
violation of this Agreement as soon as possible after you have knowledge, or determine, or are of the
opinion, that there has been a breach or violation by us of this Agreement. If you fail to give written notice
to us of any claimed misrepresentation, violation of law, or breach of this Agreement within one (1) year
from the date you have knowledge, determine, are of the opinion, or become aware of facts and
circumstances reasonably indicating, that you may have a claim against us or against any of our affiliates
under any state law, federal law, or common law, then the misrepresentation, violation of law, or breach
will be considered to have been condoned, approved and waived by you, and you will be barred from
beginning any legal, arbitration, or other action against us or against our affiliates, or from instituting any
counterclaim against us or our affiliates, for the misrepresentation, violation of law, or breach, or from using
the alleged act or omission as a defense to any action we may maintain against you.
I.

Time. Time is of the essence to this Agreement.

J.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be
considered an original.
K.
Entire Agreement. The preambles are a part of this Agreement. This Agreement, together
with its exhibits, constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your Anytime Fitness
Center and any other aspect of the relationship we have with you, and cannot be amended except by a
written agreement signed by you and us. This Agreement also supersedes all prior agreements and
negotiations we have had with you related to your acquisition of this franchise or your and our rights and
obligations. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the
representations we made to you in the FDD. Any representations, warranties, inducements, promises,
understandings or agreements between the parties, that are not in the Franchise Disclosure Document which
you acknowledge receiving at least 14 days before signing this Agreement or paying any money, or in
writing and signed by us and you, are void and not enforceable.
L.
Headings and Terms. The headings of the Sections hereof are for convenience only and
do not define, limit or construe the contents of such Sections. The term “you” as used herein is applicable
to one or more persons, a corporation, a partnership or limited liability company, and each of their respective
owners, as the case may be, and the singular usage includes the plural and the masculine and neuter usages
include the other and the feminine. If more than one person executes this Agreement for you, then your
obligations are joint and several.
M.
Patriot Act. You represent and warrant that to your actual and constructive knowledge:
(i) neither you (including your directors, officers and managers), nor any of your affiliates, or any funding
source for your Anytime Fitness Center, are identified on the list at the United States Treasury’s Office of

38

