any necessary financing, your ability to comply with local zoning and other ordinances, your ability to
obtain any necessary permits and certifications, the timing of the delivery of equipment, tools and inventory
and the time to convert, renovate or build the facility. Unless we otherwise approve, you must open your
Anytime Fitness center on or before the Required Opening Date on the Rider to the Franchise Agreement,
but in no event more than 12 months from the date the Franchise Agreement becomes effective. Your
failure to open your Anytime Fitness center on or before the Required Opening Date, or within any extended
timeframe agreed upon by us, will constitute a default of your Franchise Agreement and allow us to
terminate your Franchise Agreement and retain all amounts you have paid to us and our affiliates. After 12
months from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must begin paying the monthly royalty fee
(Monthly Fee) to us, whether or not your Anytime Fitness center is open. If you are actively working with
our real estate team in locating a site or have signed a lease with the assistance of our real estate team, we
will waive the Monthly Fee until your Anytime Fitness center is open.
Under the Area Development Agreement, you will have the right to develop, open, and operate multiple
Anytime Fitness centers. Each Anytime Fitness center must be developed and opened according to our
then-current system standards and other approval requirements. You or your affiliates must sign our thencurrent form of Franchise Agreement for each Anytime Fitness center you develop and open under the Area
Development Agreement, which may contain materially different terms and conditions than the Franchise
Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document. We will determine or approve the location of future
Anytime Fitness centers and any protected territories for those Anytime Fitness centers based on our thencurrent system standards for sites and protected territories. If you fail to open any center by the date in the
Development Schedule, we will have the right to terminate the Area Development Agreement, and you are
obligated to pay us $10,000 for each undeveloped center as liquidated damages.
General Advertising and Marketing Requirements
You must comply with our then-current advertising and marketing standards and specifications, as set forth
in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. You must order sales and marketing materials from our
approved suppliers and per our standards and specifications. If you desire to use your own advertising
materials for any marketing activity, you must obtain our prior approval at least 4 weeks before publication
or your first usage, which may be granted or denied in our sole discretion. Use of our Marks and other
brand identification materials must be consistent with our approved standards. You may not use our Marks
and other brand identification materials on items to be sold or services to be provided without our prior
written approval. You may not establish or have established on your behalf, any digital or electronic
medium or method of communication, including a website, web page, review or opinion page, social media
and/or social networking site, channel, avatar, profile, including an online business profile, account,
hashtag, user name or application, whether web-based or otherwise, or keyword advertising, pay-per-click
advertising or other search engine marketing, relating to us, your Anytime Fitness Center, or to the Anytime
Fitness System without our approval. You must provide us with full admin access (including with log-in
information) to all Facebook, Instagram, and other social media accounts, profiles and pages, business
managers, and ad accounts related to your Anytime Fitness center or that use our marks. You must provide
ownership-level access to any Google My Business Studio profiles. You are ultimately responsible for
ensuring that your advertising complies with all applicable laws before using it. We may revoke your right
to use any previously approved advertising materials at any time upon notice to you, and you must
immediately cease using such advertising materials.
We may require you to work with our designated vendors that provide local marketing services, such as
placing and managing digital and/or traditional paid media tactics. We may also require you to work with
our designated vendor if you wish to conduct mass marketing to members or prospective members via email
or text messages.

FDD

36

