than those expressly provided under the Operating Regulations and applicable law as they may relate to limited acceptance. Submerchant, and not Acquirer, will be solely responsible for the implementation of its decision for limited acceptance, including but not
limited to policing the card type(s) accepted at the point of sale.
Sub-merchant shall only complete sales transactions produced as the direct result of bona fide sale made by Sub-merchant to
cardholders, and is expressly prohibited from presenting sales transactions which are produced as a result of sales made by any
person or entity other than Sub-merchant, or for any purposes related to any fraudulent, unauthorized, illegal or prohibited activity,
including but not limited to money-laundering or financing of terrorist activities. All fees associated with each Associations’
transactions must be separate and distinguishable from fees associated with other Card transactions.
Sub-merchant may set a minimum transaction amount to accept a card that provides access to a credit account, under the following
conditions: i) the minimum transaction amount does not differentiate between card issuers; ii) the minimum transaction amount does
not differentiate between Mastercard, Visa, or any other acceptance brand; and iii) the minimum transaction amount does not exceed
ten dollars (or any higher amount established by the Federal Reserve). Sub-merchant may set a maximum transaction amount to
accept a card that provides access to a credit account, under the following conditions: Sub-merchant is a i) department, agency, or
instrumentality of the U.S. government; ii) corporation owned or controlled by the U.S. government; or iii) Sub-merchant whose primary
business is reflected by one of the following MCCs: 8220, 8244, 8249 – Schools, Trade or Vocational; and the maximum transaction
amount does not differentiate between Mastercard, Visa, or any other acceptance brand.
4. Settlement. Upon receipt of Sub-merchant’s sales data for card transactions, Acquirer will process Sub-merchant’s sales data to
facilitate the funds transfer between the various Associations and Sub-merchant. After Acquirer receives credit for such sales data,
subject to the terms set forth herein, Acquirer will fund Sub-merchant, either directly to the Sub-merchant-Owned Designated Account
or through Provider to an account designated by Provider (“Provider Designated Account”), at Acquirer’s discretion, for such card
transactions. Sub-merchant agrees that the deposit of funds to the Provider Designated Account shall discharge Acquirer of its
settlement obligation to Sub-merchant and that any dispute regarding the receipt or amount of settlement shall be between Provider
and Sub-merchant. Acquirer will debit the Provider Designated Account for funds owed to Acquirer as a result of the Services provided
hereunder, provided that Acquirer may also debit Sub-merchant’s designated demand deposit account (“Sub-merchant-Owned
Designated Account”) upon receipt of such account information from Sub-merchant or Provider, or if Acquirer deposits settlement
funds into the Sub-merchant-Owned Designated Account. Further, if a cardholder disputes a transaction if a transaction is charged
back for any reason, or if Acquirer reasonably believes a transaction is unauthorized or otherwise unacceptable, the amount of such
transaction may be charged back and debited from Sub-merchant or Provider.
5. Term and Termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon Sub-merchant upon Sub-merchant’s execution. The term of this
Agreement shall begin, and the terms of the Agreement shall be deemed accepted and binding upon Acquirer, on the date Acquirer
accepts this Agreement by issuing a merchant identification number and shall be coterminous with Provider’s agreement with Submerchant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Acquirer may immediately cease providing Services and/or terminate this Agreement
without notice if (i) Sub-merchant or Provider fails to pay any amount to Acquirer when due, (ii) in Acquirer's opinion, provision of a
service to Sub-merchant or Provider may be a violation of the Operating Regulations or any Laws, (iii) Acquirer believes that Submerchant has violated or is likely to violate the Operating Regulations or the Laws, (iv) Acquirer determines Sub-merchant poses a
financial or regulatory risk to Acquirer, Member Bank, or an Association, (v) Acquirer’s agreement with Provider terminates, (vi) any
Association de-registers Provider, (vii) Acquirer ceases to be a member of the Associations or fails to have the required licenses, or
(viii) Acquirer is required to do so by Member Bank or any of the Associations.
6. Limits of Liability. Sub-merchant agrees to provide Acquirer, via communication with Provider, with written notice of any alleged
breach by Acquirer of this Agreement, which notice will specifically detail such alleged breach, within thirty (30) days of the date on

www.abcfitness.com

