Information, or the equivalent, by any applicable privacy law, regulation or rule, and
includes, without limitation, an individual’s ﬁrst name or ﬁrst initial and his or her last name,
or any information concerning a natural person which, because of the name, number,
personal mark, or other identiﬁer, can be used to identify such natural person, whether or
not in combination with any one or more of the following data elements: (A) social security
number; (B) driver’s license number or state identiﬁcation card number; (C) bank account
number (D) credit or debit card number; (E) account passwords or personal identiﬁcation
number, other access codes, or any other accounts or resources; (F) electronic
identiﬁcation number; (G) digital signatures; (H) biometric data, including ﬁngerprints; (I)
birth date; (J) parent’s legal surname prior to marriage; (K) identiﬁcation number assigned by
an employer; or (L) any individually identiﬁable information, in electronic or physical form,
regarding the individual’s medical history or medical treatment or diagnosis by a health care
professional.
6.

Trademark Usage. All advertisements or other marketing materials relating to Healthy
Contributions or a Program Provider’s name, trademark, service mark, logo or other
commercial symbol must be approved by Healthy Contributions and that Program
Provider’s legal department prior to publication by Client. Requests can be facilitated
through Healthy Contributions.

7. Indemniﬁcation. Participating Facility agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless HC,
its owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, insurers and representatives
from and against any an all third party demands, losses, actions, damages, claims, costs,
expenses and liability, including attorney’s fees (collectively, “Claims”) that result from or
arise out of, directly or indirectly, (a) any act or omission of Participating Facility related to
any Membership Programs; (b) any violation of the terms of this agreement or (c) any claims
asserted by any participating member arising from participating member’s utilization of the
Participating Facility.
8. Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute, claim or controversy of any kind or nature
between HC and Participating Facility related to this agreement, the parties agree make a
good faith effort to meet and resolve the dispute. If the parties are unable to informally
resolve their dispute, a party may initiate an arbitration proceeding under the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association involving a single arbitrator,
engaged in the practice of law, who is knowledgeable in the subject matter relevant to the
dispute. Any such arbitration shall be held within ten (10) miles of HC’s headquarters in
Woodbury, Minnesota. Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude a party from seeking
equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
9. Beneﬁciaries/Assignment. This agreement will inure to the beneﬁt of and shall bind the
successors and permitted assigns of both parties to the agreement. Participating Facility
may not assign or transfer this agreement without the prior written consent of HC.
10. Entire Agreement. This agreement is the only agreement between the parties concerning
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, whether oral or written,
relating hereto. No purported amendment, modiﬁcation or waiver of any provision of this
agreement shall be binding unless set forth in a written document signed by both HC and

