2.
You may not, without our consent, which consent may be withheld in our sole
discretion, solicit or approach any business or organization located outside the geographic market in which
your Anytime Fitness Center operates for the purpose of soliciting their employees to join your Anytime
Fitness Center when those employees will not be predominantly using that facility, nor may you sell
memberships to any such person.
Y.
National / Brand-Level Promotions. We may, from time to time, establish national or
brand-level marketing campaign(s) or promotional offers in which you may be required to participate, honor
or offer, subject to compliance with any applicable state or local laws or regulations. You must honor and
participate in all member programs, programs requiring you to offer certain products or services through
your Anytime Fitness Center, national campaigns, member/customer loyalty, reward, gift card, service
packages, member challenges, and other promotional programs we require.
Z.
Bond. You must purchase and maintain in effect at all times during the term of this
Agreement, a surety bond for membership fees and pre-paid personal training revenue. The bond must be
purchased from a vendor we designate and meet our requirements. If you do not obtain or maintain a bond
that meets our requirements and we obtain it for you, you must pay us our then current bond handling fee
plus the cost of the premiums we pay for the bond.
AA.
Compliance with Privacy Laws. You must comply with all standards, laws, rules,
regulations, or any equivalent thereof relating to personal information, data privacy, and data protection,
including but not limited to, as applicable, the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code Section
1798.100 et seq., and must comply with any privacy policies or data protection and breach response policies
we periodically may establish. If you suspect or know of a security breach, you must immediately give
notice of such security breach and promptly identify and remediate the source of any compromise of
security breach at your expense. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of breach or
compromise and all duties to monitor credit histories and transactions concerning customers of the Anytime
Fitness Center, unless otherwise directed by us.
10.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION/IMPROVEMENTS

A.
You acknowledge that all the information you have now or obtain in the future concerning
the System and the concepts and methods of promotion franchised hereunder is derived from us pursuant
to this Agreement, and that you will treat such information in confidence. You agree never to, directly or
indirectly, engage in or abet the misappropriation (as the term “misappropriation” is defined in the
Minnesota Uniform Trade Secrets Act), or the disclosure, divulgence, or distribution of all or any part of
the System and the concepts and methods of promoting franchises hereunder. You will disclose such
confidential information only to such of your employees as must have access to it in order to operate your
Anytime Fitness Center and use it only for the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center. At our request,
you must deliver to us confidentiality agreements and non-compete agreements in a form satisfactory to us
from your owners and the spouses of your owners. The scope of the confidentiality agreements shall be
consistent with the provisions of this Section 10.A, and the scope of the noncompete agreements shall be
consistent with the provisions of Section 17 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not
use any such confidential information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence
development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data
aggregation activities without our express written consent. Such uses shall not be deemed related to the
performance of this Agreement and are expressly prohibited. You shall not, without our prior written
consent, input any such confidential information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such
information to any provider or source of generative AI services. You shall opt out of allowing any provider
or source of generative AI to utilize confidential information for training of any AI model or for other
purposes.

22

