Certain minimum advertising requirements will be based upon the market tier where your Anytime Fitness
Center is located. Your market Tier is determined by population size; Tier 1 is a market in which we have
determined there are more than 50,000 people within a 3 mile radius of the location of your Anytime Fitness
center; Tier 2 is a market in which we have determined there are between 25,000 and 49,999 people within
a 3-mile radius of the location of your Anytime Fitness center; and Tier 3 is a market in which we have
determined there are less than 25,000 people within a 3-mile radius of the location of your Anytime Fitness
center.
We do not have an advertising council that advises us on our advertising policies.
General Advertising and Marketing Fee
You must pay us a General Advertising and Marketing Fee of $600 per month, which we contribute to the
Anytime Fitness General Advertising and Marketing Fund. We reserve the right to increase the General
Advertising and Marketing Fees upon 60 days’ written notice to you; however, the General Advertising
and Marketing Fee will not exceed the greater of $600 per month or 2% of Gross Revenue (which may be
calculated on a weekly basis). We require all our franchisees to contribute to this fund, but some franchisees
have older forms of agreement that only allow us to charge them a fixed amount ($150 per month). Our
company-owned centers currently pay $600 per month to the fund and this may increase if the amount
required to be paid by our franchisees increases.
We account for the contributions to this fund separately from our other revenues, and we do not use them
to pay any of our general operating expenses other than our costs of administering the fund, including
salaries and overhead in administering the fund. We do not audit the fund. The purpose of the fund is to
develop marketing and advertising programs that benefit the Anytime Fitness brand. This means we may
use monies in the Fund for any purpose that promotes the system, the Marks or the Anytime Fitness (and
Anytime Fitness Express) names, including the creation, production and placement of consumer
advertising; purchase of marketing related technology platforms, such as social medial management, asset
management, and creation, marketing automation and CRM and related consulting or development costs,
market research, consumer insights and analytics, brand tracking, voice of the consumer, agency costs and
commissions; costs of preparing and conducting local, regional or national media of our choice, including:
television, radio, internet, magazine, direct mail and newspaper, billboard, social media and digital
advertising, other forms of out-of-home advertising and direct mail campaigns, and other public relations
activities; developing and/or hosting an internet web page or similar activities; administering multi-regional
advertising programs, direct mail and other media advertising; in-house staff assistance and related
administrative costs; local and regional promotions; public relations campaigns including the cost of
retaining public relations firms; consumer and market research (including surveys and sampling); and other
advertising and marketing activities, including participating at trade shows. Advertising may be placed in
local, regional or national media of our choice. We do not guarantee that advertising expenditures from the
General Advertising and Marketing Fund will benefit you or any other franchisee directly, on a pro rata
basis, or at all. We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in your protected territory.
We have an in-house production department, but we also work with a number of national, regional and
local agencies. It is our responsibility to determine how these monies are spent. We are not required to use
monies in the Fund to benefit any individual market, or on a pro rata or other basis. During 2024 these
monies were spent by us for the following purposes (figures rounded):

FDD

37

