reasonable direct or indirect expenses that may be incurred by us, them or our authorized representatives
and associated with the programs funded by the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. Advertising
may be placed in local, regional or national media of our choice. We do not guarantee that advertising
expenditures from the General Advertising and Marketing Fund will benefit you or any other franchisee
directly, on a pro rata basis, or at all. Methods, media employed, the contents of advertising and marketing,
and terms and conditions of advertising, marketing and promotional programs, will be in our sole discretion.
All interest, if any, earned by the General Advertising and Market Fund will be used for the payment of the
foregoing expenses before application of any principal.
C.

Local Advertising & Minimum Spend Requirement.

1.
In addition to the General Advertising and Marketing Fees, you agree to conduct
your own local marketing of your Anytime Fitness Center, either alone or in combination with other
Anytime Fitness center owners in your market. You must spend a minimum of Six Hundred Dollars ($600)
to One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) on local advertising, depending upon the size of your market as
determined by us in our discretion, in accordance with the following chart and as specified in the Rider:
Population within a 3-mile radius of Minimum Local
your Franchised Location
Requirement
Less than 25,000 people

$600 per month

Between 25,000 and 49,999 people

$800 per month

More than 50,000 people

$1,000 per month

Advertising

Spend

2.
You must use our preferred vendors for your Grand Opening Program for your
Anytime Fitness Center (which may be us or our affiliates), and we may require you to submit your grand
opening plans and local marketing plans for our prior approval, submit proof of purchase or other
documentation to verify you have met minimum spend requirements, and show proof of performance of
your advertising activity. If you fail to spend the minimum required amount on local advertising in any
calendar year, we may require you to pay the difference between what you should have spent on local
advertising and what you actually spent into the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. We also reserve
the right to require you to pay to us the minimum required amount for the Grand Opening Program and the
minimum required amount each month for local advertising, plus our current one-time setup fee, and we
will conduct the Grand Opening Program or local advertising, as applicable, on your behalf in our
discretion. We reserve the right to audit your records upon request to determine compliance with this
requirement. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to market your Anytime Fitness Center. You
must comply with our then-current advertising standards and specifications, as set forth in the Manual or
otherwise in writing. You must submit to us for our prior approval any advertising you propose to use for
the promotion of your Anytime Fitness Center at least four (4) weeks before you may use any such
advertising. We reserve the right to refuse, reject, adjust or require changes to any advertising material you
prepare. We may revoke your right to use any previously approved advertising materials at any time upon
notice to you, and you must immediately cease using such advertising materials. You also must purchase a
representative sample of all marketing materials we prepare for brand level promotions. We may prescribe
minimum amounts of these materials that you must purchase. The amounts you pay for these items are
nonrefundable and must be paid at the times we specify. These items will not constitute all of the items
you will need to market your Anytime Fitness Center and you will need to purchase other items. If you
choose to contract with marketing vendors that are not our preferred vendors, you may not have access to
certain resources, assets and communications.

8

