Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
Included in the advertising fund are fees collected from franchisees related to continuing
engagement credits. These funds are used by the Company at its discretion on behalf of the
Anytime Fitness brand and its franchisees. These revenues and expenses are included in other
revenues and general and administrative expenses, respectively, on the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income.
Shipping and Delivery Costs
The Company records costs related to shipping and delivery in cost of goods sold.
Cost of Goods Sold
Cost of goods sold primarily includes the direct costs associated with equipment sales, including
freight costs, to new and existing franchisee-owned clubs and studios in the U.S and
internationally. Our cost of revenue changes primarily based on equipment sales volume.
Conference
The Company hosts a conference every other year and encourages all franchisees to attend this
meeting. Since the Company is not in the business of hosting conferences, the Company records
the receipts and expenses as net expense in general and administrative expenses on the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Debt Issuance Costs
The Company defers debt issuance costs, which consist primarily of bank and legal fees. Such
costs are related to the note payable and revolving credit facility as described in Note 5 and are
amortized over the terms of the facilities using the effective interest rate method. Unamortized
deferred financing costs related to term debt are recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying
value of the associated debt liability, while unamortized deferred financing costs related to
revolving credit facilities are recorded as noncurrent assets unless the original commitment is for
less than one year.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs associated with solicitation of new franchisees are expensed as incurred.
Advertising costs totaled $1,126, $1,442 and $1,240 for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023
and 2022, respectively.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company follows the provisions of FASB’s authoritative guidance regarding Fair Value
Measurements. This guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the “exit price”) in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date and establishes a fair value hierarchy categorized into three
levels based on the inputs used.
Generally, the three levels are as follows:
Level 1

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.

Level 2

Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3

Significant unobservable inputs.

15

