STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM
AS
REQUIRED BY THE
NORTH DAKOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC Franchise
Disclosure Document, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all
Anytime Fitness franchises offered and sold in the state of North Dakota:
The North Dakota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of North Dakota or if your
business will be located in North Dakota.
1. THE SECURITIES COMMISSIONER HAS HELD THE FOLLOWING TO BE UNFAIR,
UNJUST OR INEQUITABLE TO NORTH DAKOTA FRANCHISEES (NDCC SECTION 5119-09):
Restrictive Covenants: Franchise disclosure documents that disclose the existence of covenants
restricting competition contrary to NDCC Section 9-08-06, without further disclosing that such
covenants will be subject to the statute.
2. Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties must agree to the
arbitration of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the franchisee's business.
3. Restrictions on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts
outside of North Dakota.
4. Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to
liquidated damages or termination penalties.
5. Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements that specify that they are to be governed by the laws of a
state other than North Dakota.
6. Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota Franchises to consent to the waiver of a trial by
jury.
7. Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota Franchisees to consent to a
waiver of exemplary and punitive damage.
8. General Release: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to sign a general release upon
renewal of the franchise agreement.
9. Limitation of Claims: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to consent to a limitation
of claims. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies.
10. Enforcement of Agreement: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to pay all costs and
expenses incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement. The prevailing party in any
enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses including attorney's fees.
The above restrictions should be addressed with a State specific addendum to the Disclosure
Document for North Dakota.

FDD

ND G-1

