subsidiary of SEB SPV Guarantor LLC (“Guarantor”). Guarantor is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of
our predecessor and manager Anytime Fitness, LLC (“AFLLC”). AFLLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Self Esteem Brands, LLC (“SEB”). SEB is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purpose Brands
Intermediate, LLC doing business as Purpose Brands and Purpose Brands, LLC which is a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent is jointly owned by Anytime Worldwide, LLC (“AW”) and Ultimate
Fitness Holdings, LLC (“UFH”). All of the entities disclosed in this paragraph have the same principal
business address as we do with the exception of UFH, which has a principal business address of 6000
Broken Sound Pkwy NW, Suite 200, Boca Raton, Florida 33487.
Predecessor
Our predecessor is AFLLC. It offered Anytime Fitness franchises from October 2002 to November 2021
and Anytime Fitness Express Market franchises from October 2006 to November 2021. It has operated
Anytime Fitness centers since January 2005 and an Anytime Fitness Express Market center from October
2006 to 2009. It has no other business activities. We do not have any other predecessors. In November
2021, as part of the Securitization Transaction (described below), AFLLC transferred all existing U.S.
franchise, area development and related agreements for Anytime Fitness and Anytime Fitness Express
Market centers to us, and we became the franchisor of all existing and future franchise, area development
and related agreements. Ownership and control of all U.S. trademarks and certain intellectual property
relating to the operation of Anytime Fitness and Anytime Fitness Express Market centers in the U.S. were
also transferred to us. AFLLC also acts as our manager as described below.
Affiliates
We have several affiliates that sell goods or services to our franchisees. PV Distribution LLC (“ProVision”)
provides information technology services, technology, and security systems, including computers, sound
systems, software and other related components along with technology and software support, installation
services, and security monitoring to our franchisees (see Item 8). SEB Distribution SPV LLC (“SEB
Distribution”) will sell Anytime Fitness branded and other products for use and retail sale in your Anytime
Fitness center. Healthy Contributions SPV LLC (“Healthy Contributions”) is a billing processing company
that assists in the transfer, processing and distributions of funds and data for various fitness incentive
programs, including group memberships, pay per visit, reimbursement, physical assessments, and vouchers.
The principal business address of these affiliates is the same as our address. None of these affiliates has
ever offered any fitness center franchises or franchises in any other lines of business, nor have they operated
any fitness centers.
Our affiliate, Anytime Fitness Iberia, SLU (“AFI”), offers and sells Anytime Fitness franchises for Anytime
Fitness locations in Spain. Its principal business address is c/ Llacuna 75-81, 08005 Barcelona, Spain. AFI
has operated Anytime Fitness Centers in Spain since October 2012 and has offered Anytime Fitness
franchises in Spain since 2013. As of December 31, 2024 it had 38 franchised centers and 4 companyowned centers in Spain.
Our affiliate Waxing the City Franchisor LLC (“Waxing Worldwide”), is the franchisor of the Waxing the
City brand. It offers salon franchises under the Waxing the City name that focus on body waxing for men
and women, and that sell related products and services. Waxing Worldwide and its predecessor, Waxing
the City Worldwide, LLC (“WCWLLC”), have been offering these franchises since October 2012.
WCWLLC has operated Waxing the City studios since December 2012. In November 2021 the agreements
under which these franchises were operated were transferred to Waxing Worldwide as part of the
Securitization Transaction (discussed below). As of December 31, 2024, Waxing Worldwide had 151
franchised studios operating in the United States. Except as disclosed above, Waxing Worldwide has never
operated any fitness centers, or offered fitness center franchises or franchises in any other line of business.
Waxing Worldwide has the same principal business address as we do.

FDD

2

