D.
Advertising Cooperative. At such time as we in our sole discretion may determine, you
shall join an advertising cooperative made up of other Anytime Fitness franchisees (the “Local
Cooperative”), as we determine. In such event, you must participate in the Local Cooperative on the terms
and conditions we require. We can create, modify or dissolve any Local Cooperative at any time we
determine. The amount of the contribution you must contribute to the Local Cooperative will be determined
at the time we establish the Local Cooperative but will not be more than two percent (2%) of your monthly
Gross Revenue.
E.
Gross Revenues. “Gross Revenues” shall mean the total amount of revenues generated
from all business activities taking place by, through or at the Anytime Fitness Center, in the form of cash
or credit, plus the fair market value of products delivered and services rendered to you, or to your designee,
in consideration for products and services provided in, from, or in conjunction with your Anytime Fitness
Center. There will be excluded from “Gross Revenues” bona fide refunds, credits given or allowed to
customers for the return of merchandise and amounts collected from customers and remitted by you to any
governmental taxing authority in satisfaction of sales taxes, however, chargebacks are not deducted from
the calculation of Gross Revenues.
7.

ANYTIME FITNESS CENTER PREMISES

A.
Site Acquisition. Prior to the acquisition by lease or purchase of the site for your Anytime
Fitness center, you will submit to us such information and materials as we may require, which may include,
but not be limited to, your proposed lease. We will have ten (10) business days after receipt of the
information and materials we requested to approve or disapprove your proposed site. No site will be
deemed approved unless it has been expressly approved in writing by us by notice of site approval sent to
you. Our examination and approval of the location of your Anytime Fitness center site does not constitute
a representation, guaranty or warranty, express or implied, of the successful operation or profitability of the
Anytime Fitness center at that location. In addition, we may require you to furnish us with a copy of the
signed lease within five (5) days after its execution.
B.
Retail Product Package. Before you open your Anytime Fitness Center, we may require
you to purchase a package of retail products to offer for sale in your Anytime Fitness Center from us at our
then-current prices. These amounts are nonrefundable and are due at the time we specify.
C.
Opening. You may not initially open your Anytime Fitness Center for business until: (1)
we notify you in writing that all of your pre-opening obligations have been fulfilled and we have approved
your opening date; (2) the Initial Training Program is completed to our satisfaction; (3) all amounts due to
us and our affiliates have been paid; (4) we have been furnished with copies of all insurance policies and
certificates required by this Agreement, or other documentation of insurance coverage and payment of
premiums that we request; (5) you notify us that all approvals and conditions in this Agreement have been
met; (6) you have received all required permits and licenses; and (7) you have ordered, received and
installed all equipment, supplies, inventory and computer systems that we require.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by us, you must open your Anytime Fitness Center on or before
the Required Opening Date, but in no event more than twelve (12) months from the Effective Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are entering into this Agreement pursuant to the terms of an Area
Development Agreement executed between you (or your affiliate) and us, you will open your Anytime
Fitness Center on or before the date set forth in the “Development Schedule” (as defined in the Area
Development Agreement). In each case, you must thereafter diligently operate your Anytime Fitness
Center in accordance with this Agreement for the entire remaining term of this Agreement. Your failure to
open your Anytime Fitness Center on or before the Required Opening Date will constitute a default of this

9

