ABC, member's payment obligation to client in relation to such payment shall be extinguished, and Client shall not
attempt to hold member liable for ABC's non-remittance to Client.
5. Acceptable Accounts. Only current membership agreements under which the member is not in default or past
due for any amount will be acceptable membership agreements under this Agreement. If, in the sole discretion of
ABC, a past due account becomes uncollectible, the Client will be responsible for further collection of said account
and ABC shall be released from any further responsibility with respect to such membership agreement.
6. Cancellation of Member Accounts. The Client may cancel the membership agreement of any member, and such
membership agreement will be removed from the active list and the Client will be notified. Cancellations will not be
accepted from individual members, only from the Client itself, unless prior authorization is received from Client. In the
event that ABC receives a dispute from a member regarding his/her obligations under the membership agreement
and ABC determines in the exercise of its reasonable discretion that cancellation of the membership agreement is
the most efficient resolution of the matter, ABC may cancel that membership without the consent of the Client
provided ABC pays the Client the balance of any amounts that would have become due on such agreement during
the then-current term.
7. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other party thirty (30) days written notice.
Upon any termination of this Agreement, and provided that the Client is not in default of any obligation under this
Agreement or any other agreement with ABC or any of its Affiliates, ABC shall, upon the Client’s request, provide the
Client with all data reasonably required by the party replacing ABC and which ABC customarily provides in such
situations. Upon any termination of this Agreement, ABC shall be entitled to withhold up to 200% of the rolling 12month average of the membership payment returns and chargebacks processed by ABC to be applied to any
returns or chargebacks associated with ABC’s processing of membership payments during the term hereof. ABC
may hold such funds for a period of up to 90 days after the effective date of the termination hereof, at which time,
the remaining balance, if any, shall be remitted to the Client.
8. Client Taxes. The Client shall pay any and all federal, state or local excise, sales or use taxes or similar taxes
imposed in respect to all membership agreements serviced by ABC for the Client under this Agreement, or the
services involved with respect to such membership agreements (“Taxes”), and complete and file all required tax
reports related thereto, all in a timely manner.
9. ABC Offset Rights. If ABC is required to withhold or pay any of the foregoing said Taxes, or if the Client or any of its
Affiliates ever becomes liable to ABC or any of its Affiliates for any sums or losses, the amount so paid by ABC for said
Taxes and any sums expended, or losses incurred by ABC or any other amounts owed by Client or any of its Affiliates
to ABC or any ABC’s Affiliates, will be offset and deducted from all money collected, held or controlled by ABC or its
Affiliates under any existing agreements between ABC or its Affiliates and the Client or any of its Affiliates, including,
but not limited to, this Agreement and any billing and/or collection agreements, and further including, but not limited
to, any such money held in any account or accounts of the Client or its Affiliates held or set up by ABC related to
same, as well as from any collections and/or funds held or controlled by ABC or any of its Affiliates for the benefit of
the Client related to same. In the event the amounts are not satisfied, any remaining amounts owed will be due and
payable to ABC by the Client within twenty-four (24) hours upon notification and request for payment to the Client
by ABC.
10. Legal Compliance. The Client hereby agrees to comply with, and be bound by, all Operating Rules of the National
Automated Clearing House Association and all related Guidelines, as they may be amended from time to time, (the

www.abcfitness.com

