MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC Area
Development Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply
to all Anytime Fitness franchises offered and sold in the state of Minnesota:
This Minnesota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Minnesota or if your business
will be located in Minnesota.
1.
Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in this Agreement can abrogate or reduce
any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C or your rights to any procedure,
forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.
2.
Franchisor will comply with Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14, subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require,
except in certain specified cases, that the Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days
to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the Area Development Agreement.
3.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
4.
Franchisor shall not require Franchisee to assent to a release, assignment, novation or
waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to
80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date first set
forth below.
Franchisor:
ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC

Franchisee:

By:
Its:
Date:

By:
Its:
Date:

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Area Development Agreement (03/2025)

