5.3.

Record keeping
The Subscriber must keep accurate records of use and any permitted copying, modification
and disclosure of the Software. The Subscriber must provide Evolt IOH with any such
records within one (1) Business Day of receiving a request of this nature from Evolt IOH.

6.

SUPPORT SERVICES

6.1.

Provision of support services
(a)

Subject to the Subscriber complying with its obligations pursuant to clause 6.3, Evolt
IOH must provide such support services as it considers necessary in order to ensure
that the Software operates in substantial conformity with the Documentation. Such
support will, at the sole discretion of Evolt IOH, take the form of:

(b)

(i)

telephone advice; or

(ii)

such services as Evolt IOH considers are more effective given the circumstances.

Evolt IOH will provide the Support Service by ensuring the availability of suitably
trained staff familiar with the operation, maintenance and support of the Software as
soon as practicable during Evolt IOH’s normal business hours.

(c)

The Subscriber must ensure that Evolt IOH’s support personnel are provided with all
information, facilities, assistance and accessories reasonably required by Evolt IOH to
enable Evolt IOH to provide the Support Services.

6.2.

Exclusions from support services
Support Services to be provided by Evolt IOH under this Agreement do not include:
(a)

correction of errors or defects caused by operation of the Software in a manner other
than specified in the Documentation;

(b)

correction of errors or defects caused by modification, revision, variation, translation
or alteration of the Software not authorised by Evolt IOH;

(c)

correction of errors caused by failure of the Subscriber to provide suitably qualified
and adequately trained operating and programming staff for the operation of the
Software;

(d)

training of operation of programming staff;

(e)

rectification of operator errors;

(f)

rectification of errors caused by incorrect use of the Software;

SMH

Software Subscription Agreement

Page 8

