Mitsubishi HC Capital America
7201 Metro Boulevard, Suite 800
Edina, MN 55439
Phone: 877-996-0270
MASTER AGREEMENT NO.
USER INFORMATION
User Legal Name

Address

City

State

M

SA

1 of 2

Phone

E

Equipment to Provider or to exercise the purchase option indicated on the Schedule.
User's obligation to pay Rent will continue until the Equipment is returned to Provider's
designated return location. User is responsible for all expenses incurred in returning the
Equipment to Provider and agrees to pay Provider a Restocking Fee in an amount equal to
one additional Rent payment. Unless notice is received by Provider, this Agreement will
automatically renew for an additional term of 12 months (a “Renewal Period”) under the
same terms and conditions on each Schedule. Such notice may only be given if User is
not currently in Default. Upon the termination of this Agreement, User warrants that the
Equipment shall be eligible for the manufacturer’s standard maintenance agreement upon
delivery to the Provider.
LATE FEES AND COLLECTION CHARGES: If any Rent payment or other amount
payable to Provider is not paid within 10 days of its due date, User shall, to the extent
permitted by law, pay on demand, as a late charge, an amount equal to the greater of
$25.00 or 5% of the amount then due for each 30 days or portion thereof that said overdue
payments are not made (but in no event to exceed the highest late charge permitted by
applicable law). User also agrees to pay any fees assessed for each check or ACH
returned unpaid.
NO WARRANTY: User acknowledges that Provider does not manufacture the
Equipment and that User has selected the Equipment and the vendor based on User's own
judgment. PROVIDER IS RENTING THE EQUIPMENT TO USER “AS IS.”
PROVIDER MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE EQUIPMENT. PROVIDER SHALL
NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES. PROVIDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY
TO USER OR TO ANY THIRD PERSON OR PROPERTY, INCLUDING
DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL AND SPECIAL
DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE USE, OWNERSHIP OR POSSESSION OF THE
EQUIPMENT.
IF THE EQUIPMENT DOES NOT OPERATE AS
REPRESENTED BY THE VENDOR OR IS UNSATISFACTORY FOR ANY
REASON WHATSOEVER, USER WILL NOT MAKE ANY CLAIM AGAINST
PROVIDER FOR DAMAGES. User agrees to continue making payments to Provider
under this Agreement, regardless of any claims User may have against the manufacturer
or vendor. Provider transfers to User for the term of this Agreement any warranties made
by the manufacturer or the vendor. No representation or warranty by the manufacturer or
vendor is binding on Provider nor shall breach of such warranty relieve User of User's
obligation to Provider as provided herein.
SOFTWARE: User agrees that any software included in the Equipment is subject to the
following: (1) Provider disclaims all warranties and obligations in regard to the software
other than Provider's obligation to pay the invoiced price of the software to the software
vendor; (2) Provider will not be liable to User for (a) the inadequacy of the software for
any purpose; (b) any deficiency or defect in the software; (c) the performance of the
software; or (d) any interruption or loss of service, use or performance of the software; (3)
User agrees to deal directly with the software vendor for any problems, deficiencies or
inadequacies relating to the Software; (4) User shall remain responsible for all software
maintenance and enhancement costs; (5) User acknowledges and agrees that any Default
under this Agreement shall constitute a breach of the software license agreement and
upon the occurrence of any Default, Provider may require the vendor, and vendor shall
be authorized, to immediately terminate the software license agreement; (6) if Provider
repossesses the Equipment under the terms of this Agreement, User agrees immediately to
assign to Provider all of User's rights in the software and to take all such acts as are
necessary to cause such an assignment.
INSURANCE: During the term of this Agreement, User will procure and maintain at
User's expense, property insurance, naming Provider or its assigns as the sole loss payee,
for the full replacement value of the Equipment, and general liability insurance, naming
Provider or its assigns as additional insureds, in an amount acceptable to Provider, but in
no event shall it be less than $1,000,000, covering any personal injury, death or thirdparty property damage arising out of or relating to the use or operation of the Equipment.
User will furnish Provider with evidence of such insurance when requested. If User does
not furnish Provider such evidence, Provider may at its option purchase such insurance
for the Equipment and add the cost of such insurance to the amounts due from User under
this Agreement. If Provider purchases such insurance on User's behalf, it shall not
relieve User of any of its obligations under this Agreement or release User from any

PL

AGREEMENT: This is a Master Agreement dated as of between User and Mitsubishi
HC Capital America ("Provider"), the terms of which shall be incorporated into each
Schedule now or hereafter executed pursuant to the terms hereof. Each such Schedule
shall constitute a separate and enforceable agreement. In the event of a conflict between
the terms of the Agreement and any Schedule, the terms of the Schedule shall prevail.
User agrees to utilize all of the equipment, software and services described on any
Schedule or similar document (the "Equipment") according to the terms and conditions of
this Master Agreement (these documents are collectively the “Agreement”).
TERM: The Agreement term will commence on the first day of the month following
Provider's receipt of written and/or verbal acceptance for all the Equipment (the
“Commencement Date”) and will continue for the number of months specified on any
Schedule (the “Initial Term”) and for any successive Renewal Periods. For each item of
Equipment, there shall also be an interim term (“Interim Term”) beginning on the earlier
of (1) the date any advance monies are released by Provider or (2) on the date of User's
written and/or verbal acceptance and continuing through the Commencement Date. The
Interim Term and the Initial Term are collectively referred to as the "Term".
PAYMENTS: User agrees to make payments in accordance with the Term and payment
schedule outlined on any Schedule (“Rent”). There shall also be an interim payment
(“Interim Rent”) computed for the Interim Term. The Interim Rent for each item of
Equipment, or advance monies released, will be calculated by multiplying the cost of that
item of Equipment or advance by the Monthly Rent Payment and divided by the total cost
of all Equipment, prorated on a daily basis. Interim Rent will be due upon receipt of an
invoice from Provider. Monthly Rent will be due on the first day of the month (or such
other time period specified in any Schedule). In addition, if required by Provider, User
agrees to pay a documentation fee, any applicable freight charges, a security deposit and
any other fees assessed by Provider. USER'S OBLIGATION TO PAY RENT AND ALL
OTHER OBLIGATIONS HEREIN ARE ABSOLUTE AND UNCONDITIONAL AND
ARE NOT SUBJECT TO ANY ABATEMENT, SET-OFF, DEFENSE OR
COUNTERCLAIM FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER.
DELIVERY, INSTALLATION AND ACCEPTANCE: User is solely responsible for
arranging the delivery and installation of the Equipment. Upon receipt, User agrees to
inspect the Equipment to determine whether it is in good working order. After inspection,
User agrees to sign and send Provider a Certificate of Acceptance. In any event, this
Agreement will commence no later than 7 days after receipt of the Equipment.
EQUIPMENT LOCATION, USE AND REPAIR: User will maintain and use the
Equipment only at the location shown on any Schedule. User agrees that the Equipment
cannot be moved from that location without Provider's advance written approval.
Notwithstanding the prohibition from removing the Equipment from that location, in the
event that User contemplates any exporting of the Equipment (including any technology
supplied as part of the Equipment), User shall follow all procedures as required by the
U.S. Export Administration Regulations and any related export controls, laws and
regulations promulgated and administrated by the government of any country having
jurisdiction over the parties hereto or the transactions contemplated herein. User is solely
responsible for maintaining the Equipment in good repair and condition, and in proper
working order. User is responsible for protecting the Equipment from damage of any
kind whatsoever and will continue to make payments if any damage occurs, even if the
Equipment is completely destroyed. User will not modify or alter the Equipment, attach
anything to the Equipment or attach the Equipment to assets not owned by Provider,
without Provider's prior written consent. Any such pre-approved modifications or
alterations shall be made at User's sole expense. Any such modification or alteration shall
not interfere with the normal operation of the Equipment. All such alterations and
attachments shall become part of the Equipment and shall be owned by Provider. User
acknowledges, warrants and agrees that Provider or its agents shall have the right to
inspect the Equipment from time to time during reasonable business hours at its then
current location.
INDEMNIFICATION: Provider is not responsible for any losses or damages caused by
the installation or use of the Equipment, or from any other kind of loss while User is in
possession of the Equipment. User agrees to indemnify and hold Provider harmless from
any and all losses, claims, liabilities, demands and expenses whatsoever that may arise
from User's use of the Equipment or from defects in the Equipment.
END OF TERM AND RENEWAL: Provider must receive notice from User in writing,
certified mail, return receipt requested, at least 120 days prior to the expiration of the
Initial Term or any Renewal Period of a Schedule, of User's intention to return the

Zip

