Service Agreement
that email us at support@club-os.com.
3.7
Operation of Licensed System. TSI does not warrant that the operation of the Licensed System, and any of its contents will
be uninterrupted or error free.
4.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
4.1
Reservation of Rights in the Licensed System. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, TSI reserves
all rights, title and interest in and to the Licensed System and related products, including all related Intellectual Property
Rights. No rights are granted to Client hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
4.2
Data Ownership. We respect your right to ownership of content created or stored by You and Your End Users. As between
You and Us, You own Your Client Data. Unless specifically permitted by you in writing, your use of the Licensed System or Services
does not grant TSI the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute Your Client Data for TSI’s commercial, marketing
or any similar purpose. But you grant TSI permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, publicly display and publicly
perform Your Client Data solely as required for the purpose of providing the Licensed System and Services to you.
4.3
Client Data. You or your End Users may transmit or publish content created by you using any of the Licensed System or
otherwise. However, you shall be solely responsible for such content and the consequences of its transmission or publication. Any
content made public will be publicly accessible through the internet and may be crawled and indexed by search engines. You are
responsible for ensuring that you do not accidentally make any private content publicly available. Any content that you may receive
from other users of the Licensed System (other than End Users), is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only
and you agree not to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license or otherwise exploit such content for
any purpose, without the express written consent of the person who owns the rights to such content. In the course of using any of the
Licensed System, if you come across any content with copyright notice(s) or any copy protection feature(s), you agree not to remove
such copyright notice(s) or disable such copy protection feature(s) as the case may be. By making any copyrighted/copyrightable
content available on any of the Licensed System you affirm that you have the consent, authorization or permission, as the case may
be from every person who may claim any rights in such content to make such content available in such manner. Further, by making
any content available in the manner aforementioned, you expressly agree that TSI will have the right to block access to or remove
such content made available by you, if TSI receives complaints concerning any illegality or infringement of third party rights in such
content. By using any of the Licensed System and transmitting or publishing any content using such Licensed System, you expressly
consent to determination of questions of illegality or infringement of third party rights in such content by the agent designated by TSI
for this purpose.
4.4
Return of Client Data: While Your account is in good standing, all videos, images, and files including but not limited to pdfs,
word docs, excel files, etc. (collectively, “Media”) uploaded by You can only be used by Your End Users, unless You authorize Us to
add them to Our global database. Should You cancel your Agreement, You may specifically request for this Media to be removed at
the time of cancellation and returned to you, otherwise, TSI reserves the right to use any of the Club’s Media in its global database.
Upon written request by You for TSI to return all Client Data, TSI shall only be responsible to provide such Client Data in the form of
a .csv file.
4.5
Our Protection of Your Data. We shall maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection
of the security, confidentiality and integrity of Your Data. We shall not (a) modify Your Client Data, (b) disclose Your Client Data except
as compelled by law or as expressly permitted in writing by You, or (c) access Your Client Data except to provide the Services and
prevent or address service or technical problems, or at Your request in connection with customer support matters.
4.6
Third-party applications/ Third Party Links and Client Data: TSI shall not be responsible for any disclosure, modification or
deletion of Client Data resulting from any use of the Licensed System by third-party application providers not engaged by TSI. The
Licensed System may contain external links to other web sites. These links are provided for information purposes only. TSI does not
endorse any advice, goods, or services offered by third parties. TSI has no control over the content of third party sites and is not
responsible for any information or content contained on these sites, nor is TSI responsible for the privacy policy of those sites and the
information they may gather expressly or automatically.
4.7
Usage Data Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, TSI maintains exclusive ownership of Usage Data Information and
hereby grants to Client access to the Usage Data during the term of the relationship, to utilize data capture, syndication, and analysis
tools, and other similar tools, to track, extract, compile, synthesize, aggregate, and analyze any Usage Data. Client cannot sell the
Usage Data to a third party or license access to the data.
5.
USE OF LICENSED SYSTEM.
5.1
Client Representations. The Client agrees that: (i) Client must only use the Service and Website for Client’s own lawful
internal business purposes, in accordance with the AF Agreement, this Agreement and any user policies posted on the Website. Client
may use the Licensed System and Website on behalf of others or in order to provide services to others but if Client does so Client
must ensure that Client is authorized to do so and that all persons who access the Licensed System under Client’s account comply
with and accept all terms of this Agreement that apply to Client, (ii) Client must ensure that all usernames and passwords required to
access the Licensed System under its account (excluding End Users) are kept secure and confidential. Client must immediately notify
TSI of any unauthorized use of Client passwords or any other breach of security and TSI will reset Client password and Client must
take all other actions that reasonably deems necessary to maintain or enhance the security of TSI’s computing systems and networks
and Client access to the Licensed System. As a condition of these Terms, when accessing and using the Licensed System, Client
must (iii) not attempt to undermine the security or integrity of TSI’s computing systems or networks or, where the Licensed System is
hosted by a third party, that third party’s computing systems and networks, (iv) not use, or misuse, the Licensed System in any way
which may impair the functionality of the Licensed System or Website, or other systems used to deliver the Licensed System or impair
the ability of any other user to use the Licensed System or Website, (v) not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any materials other
than those to which Client have been given express permission to access or to the computer system on which the Licensed System
are hosted, (vi) not transmit, or input into the Website, any files that may damage any other person’s computing devices or software,
content that may be offensive, or material or Data in violation of any law (including Data or other material protected by copyright or
trade secrets which Client do not have the right to use); (vii) not transmit or conduct business in a manner which violates the Telephone

