9.2.

Use and Modifications
(a)

The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Evolt IOH owns all Intellectual Property
that the Subscriber may develop in the course of or arising out of Evolt IOH granting
the Subscription to the Subscriber and, for the avoidance of any doubt, the Subscriber
assigns any such Intellectual Property to Evolt IOH immediately upon its creation.

(b)

The Subscriber must not make use of or reproduce any Intellectual Property owned by
Evolt IOH without the prior written approval of Evolt IOH.

9.3.

Moral Rights
The Subscriber consents to the doing of any acts or making of any omissions by Evolt IOH
and the employees, servants, agents, licensees and assigns of Evolt IOH that infringe the
Subscriber’s Moral Rights in any Works made by the Subscriber as a consequence (either
direct or indirect) of Evolt IOH granting the Subscription to the Subscriber, including:
(a)

not naming the Subscriber as the author of a Work;

(b)

amending or modifying (whether by changing, adding to or deleting/removing) any
part of the Work but only if the Subscriber is not named as the author of the amended
or modified Work,

whether those acts or omissions occur before, on or after the date of this Agreement.
9.4.

Disclosure
The Subscriber must disclose to Evolt IOH all valuable inventions, discoveries,
improvements, designs, trademarks, work or other subject-matter created by or on behalf of
the Subscriber during the Term that is in any way connected with Evolt IOH granting the
Subscription to the Subscriber, whether capable of attracting Intellectual Property rights or
not.

10.

LIABILITY

10.1.

General exclusion
Subject to clause 10.2, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied in this
Agreement is excluded.

10.2.

Limitation
Where legislation implies in this Agreement any condition or warranty, and that legislation
avoids or prohibits provisions in a contract excluding or modifying the application of or

SMH

Software Subscription Agreement

Page 11

