ag:

_——

FINAN

iFinance
Agreem ent

|

CIAL

create
the fife you want.
OUTSIDE COUNSEL
Please indicate who you prefer to have represented by

Consultations with outside counsel are conducted by telephone.
outside counseP:

, hereby

acknowledge

that

| have

personally

filled

out

the

iFinance

Agreement, the information therein is accurate to the best of my knowledge, and Guidant is entitled to rely on that information
in fulfilling the iFinance.

PROPOSED INVESTMENT: BUSINESS TRANSACTION
+

Are you purchasing a franchise?

»

Will you be purchasing an existing business with iFinance?
if yes, please answer the four following questions:
1.

This acquisition is an:

2.

Who are you purchasing the existing business from:
*

3.

If other, please specify:

Does this existing business have employees that will remain with the business after you acquire it?
“If yes, how many existing employees are expected fo remain with the business?

4.

Does this existing business have an existing retirement plan of any type?

< If yes, specify the type:
«Do

If other, please specify:

you contemplate the iFinance corporation will purchase, lease or otherwise occupy real estate that is owned by you,

a family member or any entity in which you or any family member have any ownership?
If yes, please expiain:
*

Do you anticipate the iFinance corporation entering into any type of commercial transaction or dealings with you, a family
member or any entity in which you or any family member have ownership?
If yes, please explain:

+

|dentify any and all parties (including other entities) involved with your pending business transaction,

Include any familial

relationships among those parties:

3 As provided in Paragraph 10 of the “Terms and Conditions.” Client will receive two telephonic consultations, each ranging from 30-60 minutes
maximum as determined by outside legal counsel to provide legal advice to Client on issues pertaming to the iFinance structure. If client’s spouse/other
investor desires to have separate legal counsel (i.e. no joint representation), the legal fees and costs of that separate legal counsel for the spouse/other
investor will be the sole responsibility and expense of the Client. Client understands and agrees that GUIDANT will have no responsibility for such
additional expenses.
“Joint Representation” means that both parties will be considered equally as clients, that both have the same legal interests, and both agree to attend all
conferences with Outside Counsel. If you cannot meet those requirements, you must select single representation. With single representation, you may
invite your spouse to attend any conference even if the spouse is not a client, with the understanding that you waive confidentiality in order to have the
spouse attend. Jn this case, you both understand that only the represented spouse is entitled to reply on the legal advice.

3
1120 12" Ave N.E., Ste. 410 | Bellevue, WA 98004
nana antidantAnancial cam

iFinance Agreement | 12.12.21 tel 888 472 4455

| fax 877.974 7080 | web

© 2015 Guidant Financial Group, Inc. All rights reserved.

