ADDENDUM TO BILLING SERVICES AGREEMENT
WHEREAS, ABC and Client entered into a Billing Services Agreement attached hereto (the "BSA") pursuant
to which Client agreed to be bound by the terms of this Addendum which are incorporated into the BSA;
WHEREAS, ABC has entered into an agreement with Worldpay, LLC (“Worldpay”) governing acceptance of
credit and debit card transactions initiated by Client which obligates it to obtain Client's agreement to abide
by certain rules and regulations promulgated by Worldpay;
WHEREAS, the Client will receive substantial benefit and gain as a result of its members being able to
make payments for Client services via credit and debit cards and therefore is willing to be bound by the rules
and regulations as described herein; and
WHEREAS, all capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to
them in the BSA or the Operating Regulations (as defined below).
NOW, THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, Client agrees that the by-laws, operating regulations, and/or all other rules, policies, and
procedures, including but not limited to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, the VISA Cardholder
Information Security Program, the Mastercard Site Data Protection Program and any other program or requirement
(collectively, the Operating Regulations”) that may be published and/or mandated by Mastercard International Inc.,
VISA U.S.A. Inc., Discover and certain similar entities (collectively, the “Associations”) are incorporated by reference into
this Addendum and that nothing in this Addendum shall be construed to interfere with or lessen the right of ABC,
Worldpay’s designated Member Bank or the Associations to terminate the BSA at any time. In the event of a conflict
between this Addendum and the Operating Regulations, the Operating Regulations will control.
A.

Client acknowledges and agrees:
a. it is responsible for the actions of its employees and agents;
b. it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations and all applicable parts of the Operating Regulations;
including those parts regarding the ownership and use of Association Marks;
c. ABC or an Association is authorized to research Client’s background including, but not limited to, credit
background checks, banking relationships, and its financial history;
d. notwithstanding any provisions in the agreement to the contrary, information obtained in connection with
Client’s application or processing relationship may be shared with Association for any legitimate purpose;
e. it will notify ABC of any 3rd party that will have access to cardholder data;
f.

it will comply with, and will contractually require its suppliers and agents to comply with, the provisions of the
Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) and PCI DSS, or other security program as required by an
Association and demonstrate compliance with these security obligations; and

g. Associations may conduct, or direct another party to conduct, an audit of Client at any time, and Client must
comply in all material respects with such audit until its completion.
B.

Client represents and warrants that it will not:
a. discriminate against Cards or Issuers (e.g. limited acceptance options) except in full compliance with the
Operating Regulations;

www.abcfitness.com

