and you hereby assign to us the same, together with the goodwill associated with the same. We will have
the exclusive right to register and protect all such improvements and derivations of the Marks and the
System.
C.
Use. Your right to use and identify with the Marks and System applies only to the
Franchised Location, and exists concurrently with the term of this Agreement and only so long as you are
in complete compliance with our quality standards. You will have the right to use the Marks and System
only in the manner prescribed, directed and approved by us in writing and in accordance with all applicable
laws and regulations pertaining to advertising and marketing, including, without limitation, federal and state
laws pertaining to telemarketing (including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act), false advertising,
unfair competition and unfair practices. You will not have or acquire any rights in any of the Marks or
System other than the right of use as governed by this Agreement. You may not authorize others to use or
reproduce our Marks without our prior written consent. Your use of the Marks and any resulting goodwill
will be to our exclusive benefit. If, in our judgment, your conduct infringes upon or demeans the goodwill,
standards of uniformity or quality, or business standing associated with the Marks or the System, you will
immediately, upon written notice from us, modify your use of the Marks and the System in the manner
prescribed by us in writing. You will not during or after the term of this Agreement do anything directly
or indirectly which would disparage, infringe upon, harm, or contest our rights in, the Marks or System.
D.
Promotion. You will operate your Anytime Fitness Center so that it is clearly identified
and advertised as an Anytime Fitness center. The style, form and use of the words “Anytime Fitness” in
any advertising, written materials, products or supplies, including but not limited to any Technology
Platform (defined below), must, however, have our prior written approval and comply with our
specifications as we may prescribe in writing and as set forth in the Manual, or otherwise. You will use the
trademark “Anytime Fitness®” and the other Marks which now or hereafter may form a part of the System,
on all signs, paper supplies, business cards, uniforms, advertising materials, Technology Platforms, signs
and other articles in the identical combination and manner as we may prescribe in writing and you will
supply to us samples or photographs of the same upon our request. You will comply with all trademark,
trade name, service mark and copyright notice marking requirements and you will supply to us samples or
photographs of the same upon our request. You will not use the words “Anytime Fitness” in your corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or other entity name. You may not market or advertise in violation
of federal laws regulating advertising, such as the CAN-SPAM Act and the Telephone Consumer Protection
Act, and state advertising laws applicable to your Anytime Fitness Center.
E.
Substitutions of, or Adverse Claims to, Marks. We have the right to protect and maintain
all rights to the Marks against encroachment, misuse or unauthorized use and against all challenges to any
rights of its use, as we deem appropriate. If it becomes advisable at any time, in our sole discretion, to
modify or discontinue use of any Mark, or to discontinue using any Mark, or if there is an adjudication by
a court of competent jurisdiction that any party’s rights to any of the Marks are superior to ours, then upon
written notice from us, you will, at your sole expense, immediately adopt and use the changes and
amendments to the Marks that are specified by us in writing, and if the Mark that is changed is the name
“Anytime Fitness,” then all references in this Agreement to the name “Anytime Fitness” will be deemed
references to such substitute Mark. If we modify or discontinue use of any Mark, you will immediately
cease using the Marks specified by us, and will, as soon as reasonably possible, commence using the new
trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, designs and commercial symbols designated by us in
connection with all advertising, marketing and promotion of your Anytime Fitness Center. We will have
no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to your modification or discontinuance of any Mark. You
will not make any changes or amendments in or to the use of the Marks or System unless directed by us in
writing.

4

