techniques used by or associated with the System, and the Marks and distinctive forms, slogans, signs,
symbols, logos and devices associated with the System, as well as any name, mark, symbol, logo or slogan
similar to any of the Marks. You will also specifically authorize us to physically remove any signage
bearing any of the Marks that you may fail to remove. Further, if we elect to remove such signage, you
will, upon demand, reimburse us for any costs we incur in doing so.
C.
You will immediately return to us the Manual, all copies or excerpts thereof, and any
property held or used by you that is owned by us and will cease to use, and either destroy or convey to us,
all signs, advertising materials, displays, stationery, forms and any other materials that bear or display the
Marks.
D.
Subject to 16.I below, you will take such actions as may be necessary to cancel any
assumed name or similar registration that contains the Mark “Anytime Fitness®” or any other Mark, and
will immediately and permanently refrain from and cease all use of the Mark “Anytime Fitness” or any
other Mark on or in any Technology Platforms and cancel any Technology Platform you control as we
direct. You agree and acknowledge that your continued use of the Marks after the expiration or termination
of this Agreement will be without our consent and will constitute an “exceptional case” under federal
trademark law (15 U.S.C. § 1117) entitling us to recover treble damages, costs and attorneys’ fees.
E.
You will, within five (5) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement, contact all
members of your Anytime Fitness Center who prepaid for their memberships, and offer full refunds of any
unearned payments, calculating the unearned payments on the basis of the number of days during the
prepayment period your Anytime Fitness Center operated under the terms of this Agreement, and the
number of days for which payment was made. You also authorize your payment processor to refund such
amounts directly to your members from any funds that would otherwise be payable to you. By way of
example only, if a person prepaid for an annual membership that began on January 1, and this Agreement
expired or terminated on January 30 of that year, you would be obligated to return to that member 335/365
of the prepayment you received.
F.
You will, within five (5) days of our request, assign to us or to the owner of any other
Anytime Fitness center we designate, any of the membership agreements you have with members of your
Anytime Fitness Center that we designate for assignment.
G.
You will, within ten (10) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement, make such
modifications and alterations to your Anytime Fitness Center premises as may be necessary to distinguish
the appearance of the premises from all attributes of the System and will make such specific additional
changes thereto as we may request. You agree that, at a minimum, such modifications will include: (i)
removal of all signage; (ii) alteration of the color scheme and decor; and (iii) discontinuation of the use of
any item containing any of the Marks.
H.
Within five (5) days after termination, you will pay to us all amounts owed to us under this
Agreement, including the Monthly Fees and advertising and marketing fees that would be due through the
date this Agreement was scheduled to expire. Further, if this Agreement is terminated for any reason other
than as a result of a material breach of this Agreement by us that is not cured within thirty (30) days
following notice from you, such sums will include all damages, costs, and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees, incurred by us as a result of the default and the termination. You agree that until such
obligations are paid in full, you hereby grant us a lien against any and all of the personal property,
furnishings, equipment, signs, fixtures and inventory owned by you and located on your Anytime Fitness
Center premises on the date this Agreement terminates or expires and authorize us to file financing
statements and other documents we deem appropriate to perfect such lien.

30

