occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, at the option of the holder, to any other indebtedness owed by Borrower
to Lender or its successors, assigns or affiliates under the loan evidenced by this Promissory Note.
d.
Offset of Payments. Borrower hereby authorizes Lender and Lender’s affiliates, including without limit,
ABC Financial Services, Inc. (“ABC”) to offset any amounts which may be due and payable to Lender from Borrower
against amounts which may be due from Lender, ABC or their other affiliates to Borrower. By way of example, ABC will

process and collect membership dues and other amounts due from members of the health and fitness clubs owned by the
Borrower pursuant to a separate exclusive Billing Services Agreement with Borrower and remit certain funds derived
therefrom to Borrower but Lender shall have the right to request that ABC deduct from such remittances amounts which are
due to Lender from the Borrower under this Promissory Note, the Credit Agreement or any other document between the
Lender and the Borrower and Borrower authorizes ABC to comply with such request.
4,
fee or charge.

Prepayment.

Borrower may prepay all or any portion of this loan prior to maturity without a prepayment penalty,

5.
Default and Acceleration. This Promissory Note shall be payable in full and all of the principal, interest and Lender
Expenses outstanding shall, at the option of Lender, immediately become accelerated and due and payable in full without further
notice, demand or presentment upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Borrower
shall pay all Lender Expenses.
6.
Default Interest. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and continuing until Lender acknowledges in writing
that said Event of Default has been cured or waived, all principal and interest owing and outstanding under this Promissory Note or
otherwise shall immediately begin bearing interest until paid in full at a rate equal to the lesser of (a) 17% or (b) the maximum rate of
interest which Lender may by law charge and collect.
7.
Late Fees. Borrower shall pay to Lender a late payment fee equal to 10% of any amount not timely paid when due
and payable under this Promissory Note; provided that such late payment fee shall not be less than $50, nor more than $250, per
delinquency should any installment due hereunder not be paid within ten (10) days after the due date, it being understood that such fee
shall reimburse Lender for administrative, servicing, collection and other costs incurred as a result of said delinquency unless caused
by the Lender’s failure to timely apply available revenues of Borrower in its possession (pursuant to Section 3(d) above) to the
amounts due under this Promissory Note. Payments received hereunder after Lender's cut-off time, as determined by Lender from
time to time (but in no event earlier than 4:00 post meridian Eastern Standard Time), or on weekends or holidays will be credited as of
the next business day.
8.
Security and Collateral for Repayment. This Promissory Note is secured by the Credit Agreement of even date
herewith in favor of Lender, and all other collateral which may be more fully described in those other collateral and security
documents executed in connection with this transaction.
9.
Usury. Borrower acknowledges that it has agreed to pay interest on the principal balance outstanding hereunder at
the Interest Rate. The Lender does not intend to violate any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, all agreements between Borrower
and Lender are expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason of advancement of the proceeds

hereof, acceleration of maturity of the unpaid principal balance hereof, or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the
Lender hereunder exceed the maximum

rate allowed by applicable law.

If, from any circumstances whatsoever, fulfillment and

payment of Borrower’s obligations, at the time performance of such obligations shall be due, shall cause the effective rate of interest
upon the sums evidenced hereby to exceed the maximum rate of interest allowed by applicable law, then, the obligation to be fulfilled
shall be reduced automatically to the extent necessary to prevent that effective rate of interest from exceeding the maximum rate
allowable under applicable law and to the extent that the Lender shall receive any sum which would constitute excessive interest, such
sum shall be applied to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance due hereunder and not to the payment of interest; or, if such
excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance of principal, the excess shall be promptly refunded to Borrower. This provision shall
control every other provision of all agreements between Borrower and the Lender including, without limitation, the Credit
Agreements.

10.
Waivers. Except where notice is explicitly required by separate provisions of the Credit Agreement, all parties to
this Promissory Note, whether Borrower, principal, surety, guarantor, endorser, or any other party, hereby waive presentment for
payment, demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, and notice of dishonor, impairment of recourse and impairment of
security. The failure of the holder of this Promissory Note to exercise any right hereunder shall not preclude the holder from

