enforcing (including reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Lender and its legal counsel in
connection with a “workout," a restructuring, or an insolvency proceedings concerning Borrower) as permitted by
the Credit Agreement, irrespective of whether suit is brought.
“Obligations” means all advances of principal and all interest, Lender Expenses, fees, costs, charges, and
other liabilities of every possible nature, whether now existing or accruing hereafter, and whether vested or
contingent in nature, and whether monetary or non-monetary in nature, the payment or performance of which are
owed by Borrower to the Lender pursuant to the Credit Agreement, or any other document executed by Borrower in
favor of Lender.
2.

The Loan and Terms of Payment.

(a)
Promissory Note.
Promissory Note.

provided

Concurrently herewith, Borrower shall execute

and deliver to Lender the

(b)
Term of Credit Facility. All Obligations outstanding hereunder shall be due and payable as
in the Promissory Note or as otherwise specifically provided in the documents creating them. The

Obligations shall bear interest at the rate and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Promissory Note or as
otherwise specifically provided in the documents creating them.
3.

Conditions to Advances: Non-Revolving Nature of Facility.

(a)
Conditions to Advances. All principal evidenced by the Promissory Note shall be advanced to
Borrower upon receipt of the following items and satisfaction of the following conditions:
i.
ii.
iii.
iv.
v.

Vi.

The Note;
The Security Agreement;
The Unconditional Guaranty;
The Billing Agreement;
The receipt by Lender of an origination fee equal to 3% of the principal amount advanced
pursuant to the Credit Agreement, which amount may be deducted by Lender from the
initial advance of principal to Borrower;
The written approval of Anytime Fitness, LLC (“AFI”), the franchisor of the Borrower’s

vii.

Any and all other documents that Lender may reasonably require.

Business;

and

(b)

Non-Revolving Nature of Credit Facility. This credit facility is non-revolving in nature.

4.

Security.

As security to collateralize the Borrower’s duty to pay and perform all Obligations, Borrower shall and does
hereby give and grant to Lender a security interest in all collateral and security which is pledged pursuant to the Credit
Agreement, including, without limitation, a first lien security interest in the Collateral. In addition, Borrower hereby
specifically subordinates any and all liens, security interests, rights or claims it may have in or to the Collateral to the
rights of Lender created herein and in the Credit Agreement.
5,

Representations and Warranties.

In addition to those warranties and representations made by Borrower to Lender pursuant to the Credit
Agreement, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by this reference, Borrower additionally warrants
and represents to Lender the following:

