collections at Borrower’s club locations that or are likely, in the reasonable discretion of Lender, to prevent the
Borrower from making monthly debt service payments to Lender.
(d)

The termination of a Billing Agreement by Borrower.

8.

Remedies.

(a)
Generally. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may ‘exercise any and all rights
and/or remedies which may be available to Lender under the Credit Agreement or otherwise available either at law or
in equity, including without limitation, immediately exercising a right of set off against all of the Borrower funds in
the possession of Lender.
(b)
Disposition of Proceeds. Subject to the provisions of all applicable law, and after the occurrence of an
Event of Default, the net cash proceeds resulting from the sale or other disposition of all or any part of the Collateral held
by Lender shall be applied in the following order: (i) first, to Lender Expenses; (ii) second, to the satisfaction of the
Obligations, with application to principal, interest, charges and expenses to be in such order and manner as
determined by Lender in its sole discretion; and (iii) third to satisfaction of any remaining obligations of Borrower
hereunder. Any surplus after such application shall be delivered to Borrower, and Borrower shall be liable for, and shall
pay to Lender on demand, any deficiency remaining after such application.
(c)
Remedies Cumulative, The remedies provided for herein are cumulative and shall be in addition to any
and all other rights or remedies provided for herein or at law or in equity including any lien and right of offset. The
exercise of any right or remedy by Lender hereunder shall not constitute a cure or waiver of any default in connection
with the Obligations nor invalidate any notice of default or act done pursuant to any such notice, nor prejudice Lender in
the exercise of any of its other rights.
9.

Miscellaneous.

(a)
Waiver. No waiver by Lender of any default or breach by Borrower hereunder shall be implied
ftom any omission by Lender to take, or any delay in taking, action on account of such default other than the default
expressly made the subject of the waiver and any such express waiver shall be operative only for the time and to the
extent therein stated. Any waiver of any covenant, term or condition contained herein shall not be construed as
a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same covenant, term or condition. The consent or approval by Lender to or of
any act by Borrower requiring further consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the
consent or approval to or of any subsequent similar act.
(b)
No Duty of Lender. Nothing in this Agreement shall impose or imply any duty or obligation
whatsoever upon Lender, and Lender shall be under no duty to take any action to preserve rights of Borrower with
respect to any of the security held by Lender for the Obligations. Borrower waives any and all impairment of
recourse and/or impairment of collateral defenses which they may possess against the Lender.
(c)
Amendment. The Agreement and the Credit Agreement constitute the entire agreement
between the parties and may not be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument or
instruments in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.
(d)
Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless Lender, and Lender's officers, directors, shareholders, agents, attorneys and employees (collectively
"Nndemnitee"), from and against any and all reasonable out of pocket costs resulting from liability, loss, damage, costs or
expense, including court costs and reasonable out-of-pocket attorney's fees, that Indemnitee may hereafter suffer, incur,
reasonably pay or in any manner be held liable for to third parties, by reason of any breach, default, misstatement or
misrepresentation of any of the statements, warranties or representations of Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement,
or by reason of any Event of Default of Borrower, or any of Borrower’s employees, officers, affiliates or agents, in
the performance of any duties, covenants or obligations arising under this or any other Credit Agreement. In this
connection, but without limitation, Borrower agrees to reimburse any Indemnitee promptly upon demand for any

