signage. Tenant Improvements can also be included in the amount equal to the cost of the
equipment. (Excluded items include franchise fee, professional fees, advertising, and working
capital). Mitsubishi HC will also offer Reinvention financing of up to $250,000 per location,
including tenant improvements and all equipment required to update your facility to the then
requirements specified by Anytime Fitness. All financing requests are subject to credit review and
approval based on financial strength and credit worthiness of the Franchisee.
Financing is offered as a Master Installment Payment Agreement (IPA -Loan) or a Master
Agreement. Under both agreements, financing terms may vary from 24 months to 66 months, and
options for payment deferrals of up to 6 months from commencement/closing of the transaction(s).
Fixed equivalent interest rates typically vary from 7.50% to 10.50%. Under the Master Agreement
at the expiration of the initial term or payment renewal period, you will have the option to purchase
all but not less than all of the financed equipment for $1.00. Mitsubishi HC typically does not
require down payments or security payments. However, it will reserve the right to request these
based on the financial strength and credit worthiness of the applicant. Personal Guarantees are
required unless otherwise waived. The amount of lease/loan payments will depend on the amount
financed, the term of the transaction, and the interest rate. You may pre-pay any or all amounts
owed to Mitsubishi HC under the agreements at any time; however, you would have to pay a penalty
in the amount of 4% of the principal balance remaining for the first year, 3% for the second year,
2% for the third year, and 1% thereafter.
You will be in default under Mitsubishi HC's agreements if you fail to pay amounts owed when
due, or you breach any other provisions of the agreements. If payment is not paid when due
Mitsubishi HC may impose a late fee equal to the greater of $25 or 5% of the amount then due, but
no more than the highest late charge permitted by law.
We have a separate agreement with Mitsubishi HC that requires that we are paid up to 1.5% of the
total transaction cost as a referral fee for each client that enters into a transaction. There is no direct
affiliation between Mitsubishi HC and us.
A copy of the current Mitsubishi HC documents as of the date of this Disclosure Document is
attached as Exhibit I-4.
We have a separate agreement with Mitsubishi HC under which we agree to assist remarketing of
equipment for any equipment financing that are in default. There are no referral fees paid to us or
any of our affiliates by Mitsubishi HC.
We do not guarantee any note, lease or other obligation you incur. Except as noted above, neither we nor
our affiliates receive any consideration for placing financing with a lender. We and our affiliates have the
right to sell, assign or discount to a third party all or part of any amounts you may owe to us or our affiliates.
ITEM 11.
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING
Except as disclosed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.
We may provide you any of these services through our employees or representatives, through our affiliates,
or through any third party provider we designate. Under the management agreement between us and

FDD

30

