offerings included as part of the Coaching Suite at any time. We may require credentialing of your personal
trainers and/or health coaches. We may provide virtual health or nutrition coaching to your members for a
fee paid to us by your members.
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, implementation of the Coaching Suite in your Anytime
Fitness and Anytime Fitness Express Market centers is required.
Provider Program
We have developed a Provider Program as part of the suite of products and services offered as part of our
recovery service offerings. If you choose to participate in the Provider Program you will be required to sign
the Provider Program Addendum attached as Exhibit Q to this Disclosure Document and you can choose
to participate in the Provider Program at any time during your franchise term. Currently the Provider
Program is voluntary, but we reserve the right to make the Provider Program mandatory during the term of
your franchise upon written notice to you. Participation in the Provider Program grants you the right to
partner with a Physical Therapy or Chiropractic Provider only at the Center(s) identified in the Addendum,
under the terms of the Addendum. We currently have two Provider Program options. You can contract with:
1) a licensed physical therapy or chiropractic provider whom we have designated as a corporate provider;
or 2) you may contract with a licensed physical therapy or chiropractic provider in your local area, provided
that they are approved by us in writing in advance. As disclosed in Item 6, you will pay us a monthly fee
for participating in this program (currently, 7% of the revenue you received per month from the Physical
Therapy or Chiropractic provider).
Anytime Nutrition Program
If you choose to participate in the Anytime Nutrition Program, we will sublicense to you Stronger U, LLC’s
personalized nutrition-based health coaching services (“Anytime Nutrition”) so that participating clubs can
offer training, tools, and resources to deliver nutrition coaching directly to their members. If you choose to
participate in the Anytime Nutrition Program you will be required to sign the Anytime Nutrition Program
Addendum attached as Exhibit R to this Disclosure Document. and you can choose to participate in the
Anytime Nutrition Program at any time during your franchise term. Currently the Anytime Nutrition
Program is voluntary, but we reserve the right to make the Anytime Nutrition Program mandatory during
the term of your franchise upon written notice to you. Participation in the Anytime Nutrition Program is
limited to the Anytime Nutrition programming that we have licensed from Stronger U and limited to the
Center(s) identified in the Addendum. As disclosed in Item 6, you will pay us a monthly fee for participating
in this program (currently, $149 per month).
ITEM 12.
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. When you sign
a Franchise Agreement, you will receive the right to operate one Anytime Fitness center at a specific
location that we must approve. If the site for your Anytime Fitness center has been identified before you
sign the Franchise Agreement, then you must operate the center at that site. If the site becomes unavailable
to you for any reason, it is your obligation to select a new location, and to obtain our approval of that
location before you acquire the site, and before you obtain any rights in the location. If a site has not been
identified , then we will designate an area, and you may locate your Anytime Fitness center at any site we
approve within that area, so long as the site you select is not also within a territory of another Anytime
Fitness center or an Anytime fitness franchisee. You must operate your Anytime Fitness center at that
approved site.

FDD

42

