to defer our cost of reviewing the supplier. (We do not require you to pay any fee.) We may also require
the supplier to sign a supplier agreement with us.
In reviewing prospective vendors, we consider whether the product or service is consistent with our concept
and brand; how they and/or their products or services would enhance our brand and make it more attractive
to members or franchisees; how the product or service would improve the workout experience of a member;
how the product or service would increase revenue of a franchisee’s club; how the product or service would
increase the efficiency of a franchisee; if the product or service is already available through other sources,
would approval of another vendor enhance competition or dilute our ability to maximize pricing benefits
for our franchisees; is the product of a commercial quality with a proven record of durability; does the
supplier support our values; and other factors. We also consider whether the product or service is already
available through other sources, and whether the approval of another vendor would enhance competition or
dilute our ability to maximize our potential with our existing vendors. In addition, we consider demand
from franchisees, the need for the vendor based on business trends, and the ability of the vendor to serve
franchisees throughout the United States. (The criteria are posted on our website for potential vendors and
franchisees.) We will generally notify you and the vendor of our approval or disapproval within 45-60 days
of our receipt of all the information and samples we request. If we revoke approval of any vendor or any
item offered by a vendor, we will send you written notice of our revocation of an approved supplier or item.
We currently have the following mandatory vendors:
1.
To keep the integrity of the reciprocity system that is integral to the Anytime Fitness system
and the benefits we provide to our members, you must obtain all billing and payment processing
services from a mandatory vendor. This vendor is not an affiliate of ours, but we receive rebates
from that vendor. A copy of the billing and payment processing services agreement with our
preferred provider is attached as Exhibit P.
2.

You must purchase the Technology System from our affiliate, ProVision.

3.
Healthy Contributions is an affiliate that assists in the transfer, processing and distribution
of funds and data for various fitness incentive programs, such as group memberships, pay per visit,
reimbursement, physical assessments, and vouchers, and receives a fee for these services. Healthy
Contributions also provides an online portal to offer, track and manage fitness membership
programs. You are required to use their services for group membership, reimbursement and voucher
programs. Healthy Contributions may also have exclusive arrangements with some companies that
offer these incentive programs to your members and may solicit companies or organizations that
have multiple offices to offer memberships or discounts on memberships to their employees. As
of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, Healthy Contributions’ program offerings
include:

FDD



Anytime Fitness Group Memberships powered by Healthy Contributions: Exclusive
arrangements with organizations and employer groups that receive bulk rate membership
pricing.



Reimbursement Programs: Full paying member can receive a monthly monetary
reimbursement for meeting a monthly visit requirement by their employer group or insurer.



Voucher/Promotional Programs: Non-reloadable dollar amount vouchers or discounts
provided by employer or other organization to your members which can be redeemed for
goods and services at your location.

23

