ANYTIME FITNESS®
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
This Area Development Agreement is made as of the Effective Date set forth in the Rider attached
to this Agreement (the “Rider”) between ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“we” or “us”) and the person or persons named in the Rider as the Developer (“you”).
RECITALS:
A.
We and our predecessor have invested substantial time, effort and money to develop a
system of operating boutique fitness centers with the potential for minimal overhead and labor costs, and
have a federally registered trademark for the name “Anytime Fitness®”, as well as other intellectual property
rights. We grant franchises to qualified candidates for the operation of fitness centers. We also license our
trademark rights in “Anytime Fitness” and may in the future adopt, use and license additional or substitute
trademarks, service marks, logos and commercial symbols in connection with the operation of Anytime
Fitness centers (collectively the “Marks”). These centers use our methods, procedures, standards, and
specifications (all of which are collectively referred to as the “System”) which we may improve, further
develop or otherwise modify from time to time.
B.
You acknowledge that you have had an adequate opportunity to be thoroughly advised of
the provisions of this Agreement, the form of franchise agreement we currently use to grant rights to operate
fitness centers, and our Franchise Disclosure Document, and have had sufficient time and opportunity to
evaluate and investigate the System and the procedures and financial requirements associated with the
System, as well as the competitive market in which it operates.
C.
You are entering into this Agreement because you want to develop and operate multiple
fitness centers which use the Marks and the System. You recognize that while you will have certain limited
rights to transfer your interest in this Agreement, and in the centers you develop, we are entering into this
Agreement with you based on your representation that you intend to personally develop all of the centers
described in this Agreement, and not with a view to reselling your right to open these centers.
In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and consideration below, you and we
agree as follows:
1.
Grant of Development Rights. The following provisions control with respect to the rights
granted hereunder:
A.
We grant to you, under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the right to develop
and operate the number of fitness centers identified in the Rider (the “Anytime Fitness Centers”), using the
principal trademark identified in the Rider, operating within the nonexclusive area described in the Rider
(the “Development Territory”).
B.
You agree to be bound by the “Development Schedule” set forth in the Rider. Time is of
the essence for the development and operation of each Anytime Fitness Center in accordance with the
Development Schedule. Each Anytime Fitness Center must be developed and operated by you pursuant to
a separate Franchise Agreement that you enter into with us.
C.
Unless otherwise indicated in the Rider and except as set forth in Section D below, if you
are in compliance with the Development Schedule set forth in the Rider, we will not develop or operate or
grant anyone else a franchise to develop and operate an Anytime Fitness center from any location in the
Development Territory prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration or termination of this Agreement; (ii) the

ADA

