F.
Litigation. You will have no obligation to and will not, without our prior written consent,
defend or enforce any of the Marks in any court or other proceedings for or against imitation, infringement,
any claim of prior use, or for any other allegation. You will, however, immediately notify us of any claims
or complaints made against you with respect to the Marks and will, at your reasonable expense, cooperate
in all respects with us in any court or other proceedings involving the Marks. We will pay the cost and
expense of all litigation incurred by us, including attorneys’ fees, specifically relating to the Marks. We
will have the right to control and conduct any litigation relating to the Marks and be entitled to all recovery
related to claims with respect to the Marks. While we are not required to defend you against a claim based
on your use of the Marks, we will reimburse you for your liability arising from your authorized use of the
Marks. You will also be required to reimburse us for liability arising out of your unauthorized use of any
of the Marks.
G.
Copyrighted Materials. You acknowledge and agree that we may authorize you to use
certain copyrighted or copyrightable works (the “Copyrighted Materials”), including the Manual (as defined
below). The Copyrighted Materials are our valuable property. Your rights to use the Copyrighted Materials
are granted to you solely on the condition that you comply with the terms of this Agreement. Your use of
the Copyrighted Materials does not vest you with any interest other than the temporary, non-exclusive
license to use the Copyrighted Materials granted in this Agreement. All rights that inure as a result of the
use of the Copyrighted Materials belong solely to us.
H.
Protection. You will sign any documents that we or our counsel deem necessary for the
protection of the Copyrighted Materials or the Marks or to maintain their validity or enforceability, or to
aid us, at our expense, in acquiring rights in or in registering any of the Marks or any trademarks, trade
names, service marks, slogans, logos or emblems that we subsequently adopt.
4.

INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE

A.
Initial Franchise Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, you will pay us a nonrefundable
initial franchise fee (the “Initial Franchise Fee”) as set forth in the Rider.
B.
No Refunds. The Initial Franchise Fee has been fully earned upon our signing of this
Agreement and is nonrefundable in consideration of the expenses incurred by us in granting this franchise
and for the lost or deferred opportunity to franchise others.
5.

MONTHLY FEE

A.
Monthly Fee. You will pay to us a non-refundable monthly royalty payment (the “Monthly
Fee”). The Monthly Fee for your center under this Franchise Agreement will initially be Eight Hundred
Twenty Dollars ($820) per month. On January 1 of each year, we may increase the Monthly Fee to reflect
inflation according to the changes in the Consumer Price Index -- All Items 1982-84 =100 (the “Index”)
published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor, or its successors, or, in the event
the Index is no longer published, by any other comparable instrumentality we select tracking inflation in
the United States. The increase will be based on the increase in the Index for the most recent twelve (12)
months ended November 30 of each year, and such increase will take effect on January 1.
1.
Your obligation to pay us the Monthly Fee under the terms of this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect throughout the term of this Agreement.
2.
Your obligation to begin paying the Monthly Fee will begin on the date you open
your Anytime Fitness Center, unless you have not done so within twelve (12) months from the Effective
Date, in which case, your obligation to begin paying the Monthly Fee will begin twelve (12) months from

5

