3.

cease listing your Anytime Fitness Center on any Technology Platforms;

4.

prohibit you from attending any meetings or programs held or sponsored by us;

5.
terminate your access to any computer system or software we own, maintain or
license to you (whether licensed by us or by one of our affiliates);
6.
7.
otherwise; and/or

suspend your ability to input new members into the check-in software;
suspend all services we or our affiliates provide to you under this Agreement or

8.
contact your landlords, lenders, suppliers and members regarding the status of your
operations, and provide copies of any default or other notices to your landlords, lenders and suppliers.
In addition, if you notify us that you are closing your Anytime Fitness Center, or otherwise communicate
to others that you are closing your Anytime Fitness Center, you agree that your billing processor may
withhold up to one-half (1/2) of monies that would otherwise be payable to you to cover any posttermination obligations you may have, including to reimburse future membership fees paid by your
members for periods beyond the closing date, and you authorize us to so instruct your billing processor.
Our actions, as outlined in this Section 14.E may continue until you have brought your accounts current,
cured any default, and complied with our requirements, and we have acknowledged the same in writing.
The taking of any of the actions permitted in this Section will not suspend or release you from any obligation
that would otherwise be owed to us or our affiliates under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise. Further,
you acknowledge that the taking of any or all such actions on our part will not deprive you of the most
essential benefits of this Agreement, and will not constitute a constructive termination of this Agreement.
15.

YOUR TERMINATION RIGHTS: NOTICE REQUIRED

You may terminate this Agreement upon ten (10) days’ notice to us if we violate any material
obligation to you and fail to cure such violation within thirty (30) days after our receipt of written notice
from you; provided, however, that you must be in compliance with the Agreement at the time of giving
each notice and at the time of termination. Your written notice of our alleged violation must identify the
violation, demand that it be cured, and indicate your intent to terminate this Agreement if it is not cured.
16.

YOUR OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted to you under this Agreement
will terminate, the franchise will revert to us, you specifically authorize us to contact your payment
processor and cancel any agreement you may have with that payment processor, and you will have the
obligations set forth below, which obligations survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement,
along with any other provisions of this Agreement which by their nature may or are to be performed
following expiration or termination of this Agreement:
A.
You will immediately cease to operate the business franchised under this Agreement, and
will not thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold yourself out as an Anytime Fitness
franchisee with respect to such business.
B.
You will immediately and permanently cease to use, in any manner whatsoever, all
confidential information, approved Information System and related software, methods, procedures and

29

