UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY
THIS UNCONDITIONAL
“Guarantor’”) as of the
day of

GUARANTY

is executed by the undersigned guarantor(s) (individually and collectively, the
,20«

Guarantor hereby requests and authorizes RV NOW, LLC ("Lender") to extend credit to
“Borrower”), pursuant to the terms and conditions of, among other documents:
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

(the

that Secured Promissory Note of even date herewith executed by Borrower;
that Secured Loan Agreement of even date herewith executed by Borrower (the “Loan Agreement”);
that Pledge and Security Agreement of even date herewith executed by Borrower; and
that Billing Services Agreement executed by Borrower and Lender’s affiliate, ABC Financial Services, Inc.

(“ABC”);
all of the above-referenced documents, along with all other documents executed by the Borrower or the Guarantor to and in favor of
Lender or ABC in connection with the loan described in the Loan Agreement, being collectively referred to herein as the "Credit
Agreement." Capitalized terms used in this Guaranty and not otherwise specifically defined shall have the same meaning ascribed to
them as in the Loan Agreement.
It is recognized and agreed that Guarantor will receive substantial financial consideration, benefit and gain as a result of
Lender's extension of credit to the Borrower and Guarantor’s execution of this document.
In consideration of the granting of said financial and credit accommodations by Lender to the Borrower as provided in the
Loan Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, and recognizing that Lender would not otherwise advance a loan to
the Borrower absent the execution of this Unconditional Guaranty by Guarantor, Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees with Lender
as follows:
lL.

Performance.

Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees the prompt payment and performance, on demand, of:

(a)

All of the Obligations, financial and otherwise, as are set forth and specified in the Credit Agreement and in all other
documents executed by Borrower in favor of Lender or ABC;

(b)

All of the Borrower’s
Agreement.

present

and

future

obligations

and

indebtedness

incurred

or created under the Loan

Time is of the essence in connection with the performance of Guarantor’s obligations hereunder, Payment shall be made in any
certified and readily-available funds that, at the time of payment, are legal tender in the United States of America for public and
private debts. Guarantor's obligations hereunder are unconditional and irrevocable.
2.

Change of Terms.

In such manner, upon such terms, and at such times as Lender deems best, and without notice to

the undersigned, by agreement between them, Lender and the Borrower may alter, compromise, accelerate, extend, or change the time
or manner for the payment of the indebtedness hereunder or the performance of any other obligation hereby guaranteed; release the
Borrower, by acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise, as to all or any portion of the indebtedness; release, substitute,
or add any one or more guarantors or endorsers; accept additional or substituted security therefor; or exchange, release, surrender,
realize upon, or subordinate any security therefor or deal with it in any manner that Lender may reasonably determine. No exercise or
non-exercise by Lender of any right hereby given Lender, no dealing by Lender with Borrower, or guarantor, endorser, or any other
person, and no change, impairment, or suspension of any right or remedy of Lender shall in any way affect any of the obligations of
Guarantor hereunder or any security furnished by Guarantor or give Guarantor any recourse against Lender.
3,
Continuing Guaranty. This is a continuing guaranty relating to any and all indebtedness extended by Lender to the
Borrower or any of their affiliates, including that indebtedness arising under successive and future transactions by and between Lender
and the Borrower pursuant to the Loan Agreement, which shall either increase or continue the obligations and indebtedness owed by
the Borrower to Lender or, from time to time, renew said obligations and indebtedness after said obligations and indebtedness have
otherwise been satisfied. This continuing guaranty shall also ensure the payment and performance by Borrower of all renewals,
modifications and/or extensions of the Obligations.

