8.

Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement under any
grounds permitted under state law.

9.

Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related agreements that
permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason during the term of the
franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful pursuant to RCW
19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.

10.

Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements that
requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than a fair and reasonable
price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).

11.

Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits franchisees to seek treble
damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the franchise
agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or similar damages are
void, except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and
where the parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).

12.

Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or related agreements
stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its reasonable business
judgment may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the parties to deal
with each other in good faith.

13.

Indemnification. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements requiring the
franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or other parties is
hereby modified such that the franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold
harmless the franchisor or any other indemnified party for losses or liabilities to the extent that they
are caused by the indemnified party’s negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.

14.

Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements require a franchisee to reimburse
the franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, such provision applies only if
the franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or arbitration proceeding.

15.

Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and
unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an
amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void
and unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless
the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized,
exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any
provision contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is
void and unenforceable in Washington.

16.

Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining,
or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same
franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.

17.

Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed
or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship
shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

