reflect the ProVision basic package cost (payable to our affiliate) and include an estimated 38% for taxes,
shipping and installation (payable to vendors or government agencies).
(7) This amount includes the costs for office and cleaning supplies as well as the automated external
defibrillator that you are required to purchase. The AED will generally cost $2,000.
(8) The above amounts reflect our recommended package. The total cost of the signage will vary depending
on various factors, including the size of your location, and local zoning requirements.
(9) This amount includes utility set-up and first month costs, permitting and licensing fees, and professional
(legal and accounting) fees.
(10) You will need to spend a minimum of between $11,000 and $23,000 (depending on your market Tier)
for a Grand Opening and Ramp Up program as described in Items 5 and 11. Some franchisees, particularly
people who sign Area Development Agreements to control an entire market, may spend more than $23,000
per center for grand opening advertising. Currently, we do not require that you pay these amounts to us but
if you fail to spend the minimum required amount, we may require you to pay the difference between what
you should have spent on your Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program and what you actually spent, into
the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. We may require you to pay to us the minimum required
amount for the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program and we will execute the Grand Opening and Ramp
Up Program on your behalf.
(11) You will need to purchase and maintain in effect at all times during the term of the Franchise
Agreement a bond for your business, which you must purchase from our designated surety bond vendor to
secure your obligations to pre-paid members for membership fees and for pre-paid personal training
revenue. We have negotiated a base rate of $250 per year for bonds through our designated vendor, however
your actual cost may vary based on your individual circumstances. Further, you will need to purchase and
maintain in effect at all times during the term of the Franchise Agreement a policy or policies of insurance,
naming us and our affiliates as additional insureds on these policies. You must have and maintain general
liability insurance with complete operations coverage, broad form contractual liability coverage, property
damage all with current minimum limits of $1,000,000 per person and $1,000,000 per occurrence,
$3,000,000 in the aggregate, and other insurance in the types and amounts as we may require or as required
by law. The insurance policy must be written by a carrier who has a minimum rating acceptable to us. Our
insurance estimates do not include premiums for worker’s compensation insurance, employer’s liability
insurance or automobile liability insurance. Your insurance costs may be substantially higher if you have
to buy employer’s liability insurance, automobile liability insurance, or any other insurance required by
your landlord. Before you make a decision to purchase the franchise, you should confirm that insurance is
available for a fitness center of the type you intend to operate, given that you will not staff the premises all
of the time.
(12) These figures estimate your initial startup expenses during the initial 3 months. We recommend that
you have additional funds available to you to fund your business. These costs include costs for uniforms
and payroll expenses for a full-time personal trainer and 2 full-time employees. These costs also include
additional utility costs, keyfobs, the first 3 months’ of Monthly Fees, General Advertising and Marketing
Fees and minimum Local Marketing Spend, and Base Technology Fees for a single Anytime Fitness center
(see Item 6). These costs do not include any owners’ draw amounts. These estimates assume that local or
state law applicable to your Anytime Fitness center do not require a full-time on-site staff member or
additional equipment than we require.
(13) These figures are estimates based on our and our predecessor’s experience in establishing and
operating Anytime Fitness centers. We do not offer financing for any part of the initial investment. The
availability and terms of financing will depend on factors like the availability of financing generally, your

FDD

21

