B.
Notwithstanding any provision of Section 10.A, at your discretion, you may allow any
financial institution that has loaned money to you or to your business to have access to your books and
records to confirm your billings, collections, receivables, and any other financial information you have
provided to the financial institution.
C.
If you conceive or develop any improvements or additions to the System, new trade names,
trade and service marks or other commercial symbols related to your Anytime Fitness Center, or any
advertising and promotion ideas related to your Anytime Fitness Center, or have any suggestions,
comments, or other feedback with respect to the System (collectively, “Improvements”), you will fully
disclose the Improvements to us without disclosure of the Improvements to others, and you will obtain our
written approval before using such Improvements. Any such Improvement that we approve may be used
by us and all our other franchisees without any liability to you or obligation to pay you royalties or other
compensation. You will assign Improvements to us, and hereby do assign, without charge, any rights,
together with the goodwill associated with the Improvements, including the right to grant sublicenses to
any such Improvement. We, at our discretion, may make application for and own copyrights, trade names,
trademarks and service marks relating to any such Improvement. We also may consider such Improvement
as our property and trade secret. We will, however, authorize you to use any Improvement authorized
generally for use by our other franchisees.
D.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, there may be certain, limited
circumstances where applicable law allows for the disclosure of certain trade secrets in limited
circumstances, as specified in the Manual.
11.

INSURANCE: INDEMNIFICATION

A.
Insurance. You alone will be responsible for any claim, action, loss, damage, liability,
injury or death arising out of, or relating to, the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center or arising out of,
or relating to, your acts or omissions or the acts or omissions of any of your agents, employees or contractors
in connection with the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center. You agree to indemnify and hold us and
our affiliates and our respective officers and directors harmless against and from any and all such claims,
actions, losses, liability, damages, injuries, or deaths, including costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees. You
will obtain and maintain in force and pay the premiums for general liability insurance with complete
operations coverage, broad form contractual liability coverage, property damage, and other insurance
(including bonds) in such types as we may require (such as cyber insurance and employment practices
insurance), or as required by law from time to time. All such policies will have minimum limits we may
prescribe from time to time, and will be with carriers who have minimum ratings that we may prescribe
from time to time. Such insurance policies will expressly protect both you, us and our affiliates and our
respective offices, directors and employees, and will require the insurer to defend both you and us in any
action you will submit to us, within thirty (30) days of our request, any and all loss ratios or other
information we request in connection with such insurance policies. You will furnish to us a copies of all
insurance policies, certificates of insurance, endorsements, or other proof of insurance in the form we
require, as set forth above, naming us as an additional insured, and providing that such policy will not be
canceled, amended or modified except upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to us. At our request, you
will deliver to us proof of insurance in the form we require and evidence of policy renewals at least thirty
(30) business days before expiration. You will have all policies of insurance provide that the insurance
company will have no right of subrogation against either party hereto or their respective agents or
employees. Maintenance of the insurance requirement will not relieve you of the obligations of
indemnification. If you fail to obtain or maintain in force any insurance as required by this Section or to
furnish any proof of insurance required hereunder, we may (but have no obligation to), in addition to all
other available remedies, obtain such insurance or certificates, and you will promptly reimburse us for all
insurance premiums and other costs incurred in obtaining such insurance, including an administrative fee

23

