MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Anytime Fitness franchises
sold to residents in the state of Maryland:
1.
On the basis of the financial information submitted by the Franchisor to the Maryland
Securities Division the Division has required and the Franchisor has posted a surety bond, which surety
bond is on file with the Maryland Securities Division to secure the Franchisor’s pre-opening obligations to
Maryland Franchisees.
2
Section 13.B.8 of the Franchise Agreement is revised to provide that, pursuant to COMAR
02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition to renewal, sale or consent to assignment/transfer,
shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3.
Section 14.A of the Franchise Agreement is revised to provide that termination upon
bankruptcy might not be enforceable under the U.S. Bankruptcy Act, but Franchisor intends to enforce it
to the extent enforceable.
4.

Section 18.F of the Franchise Agreement is revised to include the following language:

“Notwithstanding the standing provisions of this section, you may bring a lawsuit in
Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law. Any claims under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be
brought within three years after the grant of the franchise.”
5.
The representations made in the Franchise Agreement are not intended to nor should they
act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law.
6.
The Franchise Agreement states that Minnesota law generally applies. However, the
conditions under which your franchise can be terminated and your rights upon nonrenewal may be affected
by Maryland Law, and we will comply with that law in Maryland.
7.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, nothing will prevent
the Franchisee from filing suit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration
and Disclosure Law.
8.

The following language is deleted from Section 20.E. of the Franchise Agreement:

“You agree that no claims, representations, warranties, or guarantees, express or implied,
regarding actual or potential earnings, sales, profits, or success of your Anytime Fitness Center
have been made to you other than as set forth in Item 19.”
9.
Recital B and Sections 23 (a) and (b) of the Agreement are deleted in their entirety and
replaced with the following:
“[Intentionally Deleted]”
10.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

