opportunity to cure the default), or (x) we have delivered to you or any of your affiliates a notice of
termination of a Franchise Agreement in accordance with its terms and conditions.
6.
Rights and Duties of Parties Upon Termination or Expiration. Upon termination or
expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted to you under this Agreement will automatically terminate,
and:
A.
All remaining rights granted to you to develop Anytime Fitness Centers under this
Agreement will automatically be revoked and will be null and void and shall revert to us. You will not be
entitled to any refund of any fees.
B.
You and your affiliates must within five (5) business days of the termination or expiration
pay all sums owing to us and our affiliates. In addition, you agree to pay as fair and reasonable liquidated
damages (but not as a penalty) an amount equal to Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) for each undeveloped
Anytime Fitness Center. You agree that this amount is in addition to the Development Fees paid under this
Agreement, and is for lost revenues from Monthly Fees (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) and other
amounts payable to us, including the fact that you were holding the development rights for those Anytime
Fitness Centers and precluding the development of certain Anytime Fitness centers in the Development
Territory, and that it would be difficult to calculate with certainty the amount of damage we will incur.
Notwithstanding your agreement, if a court determines that this liquidated damages payment is
unenforceable, then we may pursue all other available remedies, including consequential damages.
7.

Transfer.

The following provisions govern any transfer:

A.
We have the right to transfer all or any part of our rights or obligations under this
Agreement to any person or legal entity. Upon any transfer of this Agreement by us or any of our legal
rights and obligations hereunder, we will be released from all such obligations and liabilities arising or
accruing in connection with this Agreement after the date of such transfer.
B.
This Agreement is entered into by us with specific reliance upon your personal experience,
skills and managerial and financial qualifications. Consequently, this Agreement, and your rights and
obligations under it, are and will remain personal to you. You may only Transfer your rights and interests
under this Agreement if you obtain our prior written consent as set forth below.
1.
As used in this Agreement, the term “Transfer” means any sale, assignment, lease,
gift, pledge, mortgage or any other encumbrance, transfer by bankruptcy, transfer by judicial order,
merger, consolidation, share exchange, transfer by operation of law or otherwise, whether direct or
indirect, voluntary or involuntary, of this Agreement or any interest in it, or any rights or obligations
arising under it, or of any material portion of your assets, or of any interest in you or control of the
business franchised hereunder. You acknowledge that these provisions prohibit you from
subfranchising or sublicensing any right you have under any agreement with us, and that your intent
in entering into this Agreement is that you (and not any licensee or transferee) will be opening and
operating the Anytime Fitness Centers to be developed under this Agreement. In addition, if there
are two (2) individuals signing this Agreement as Developer, and one (1) of those individuals is no
longer involved in the ownership of the business that is developing Anytime Fitness Centers, the
withdrawal of that person shall be considered a “Transfer.” A “Transfer” shall also be deemed to
occur when there are more than two (2) people listed as the Developer and there is a change of the
ownership of the business such that less than a majority of the original signators continue to have
a majority interest in the equity of the business. You shall not in any event have the right to pledge,
encumber, charge, hypothecate or otherwise give any third party a security interest in this

ADA

4

