RECEIPT
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other information in plain
language. Read this Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully.
If Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this Disclosure Document to you 14 calendar
days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the
proposed franchise sale. New York requires that Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC gives you this disclosure document at
the earlier of the first personal meeting or 10 business days (or 14 calendar days in Iowa) before the execution of the
franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. Michigan
requires that Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC gives you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the
execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.
If Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC does not deliver this Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a false or
misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal and state law may have occurred and should be reported
to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the state agency referred to in Exhibit A. The franchisor
is Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC, 111 Weir Drive, Woodbury, MN 55125. Its telephone number is 651-438-5000.
ISSUANCE DATE: March 31, 2025, as amended April 24, 2025.
The name, principal business address, and telephone number of the franchise seller(s) offering this franchise is/are
Franchise Seller Name

Business Address
111 Weir Drive, Woodbury, MN 55125

Telephone Number
(651) 438-5000

Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC authorizes the respective parties identified on Exhibit A to receive service of process
for us in the particular state, except in the State of Minnesota, where any of our officers are authorized to receive service
of process on our behalf.
I have received a Franchise Disclosure Document with an issuance date of March 31, 2025, as amended April 24, 2025.
This Franchise Disclosure Document included the following Exhibits:
A) List of State Agencies and Agents for Service of Process
B) Table of Contents of Operations Manual
C) Lists of Franchisees and Franchisees who Left the System
D) Financial Statements and Guarantee
E) Franchise Agreement, Guaranty, General Release and State
Specific Addenda to Franchise Agreement
F) Area Development Agreement, Guaranty and State Specific
Addenda to Area Development Agreement
G) State Specific Addenda to Franchise Disclosure Document
H) Healthy Contributions Agreement

I) Financing Documents
J) ProVision Technology Solutions Agreement
K) Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company Bond Application
L) Club Management Software Service Agreements
M) Franchisee Questionnaire
N) Coaching Suite Addendum
O) Evolt Software Subscription Agreement
P) ABC Merchant Services Agreement
Q) Provider Program Addendum
R) Anytime Nutrition Program Addendum

Please indicate the date on which you received this Disclosure Document, then sign and print your name below, indicate
the date you sign this receipt, and promptly return one completed copy of the Receipt to Anytime Fitness, Franchisor
LLC, at 111 Weir Drive, Woodbury, MN 55125. The second copy of the Receipt is for your records.
Date Disclosure Document Received:
Prospective Franchisee's Signature
Date Receipt Signed:
Print Name
Address:

