ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC
Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all
Anytime Fitness franchises offered and sold in the state of Illinois:
1.

Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement.

2.
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in
the Franchise Agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is
void. However, the Franchise Agreement may provide for arbitration to take place outside of Illinois.
3.
Franchisees' rights upon Termination and Non-Renewal are set forth in sections 19 and 20
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.
4.
In conformance with section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition,
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with
the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void.
5.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
6.
Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met
independently without reference to this Addendum.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set forth
below.
Franchisor:
ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC

Franchisee:

By:
Its:
Date:

By:
Its:
Date:

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

