ABSOLUTE AND CONTINUING
CORPORATE GUARANTY AGREEMENT
This ABSOLUTE AND CONTINUING CORPORATE GUARANTY AGREEMENT ("Guaranty") is made and entered into as of
("Guarantor"), in favor of Mitsubishi HC Capital America, Inc. ("Provider").

, by

R E C I T A L S:
WHEREAS,
("User") and Provider have entered or will enter into a Master Agreement No.
dated as of
pursuant to
which Provider will provide and may provide from time to time in the future certain equipment, software and/or related services (collectively, the "Equipment") to be
provided by Provider to User pursuant to the terms of a Master Agreement, together with all Schedules, attachments and riders attached or to be attached thereto
(collectively, the "Agreement"); and
WHEREAS, Provider, as a condition precedent to entering into said Agreement, has requested Guarantor provide security by unconditionally guaranteeing
payment to Provider of all rent, charges and other moneys due and to become due to Provider from User under the Agreement together with all of the obligations and
liabilities of User under the Agreement (collectively, the "Obligations"); and
WHEREAS, Guarantor, in furtherance of his business and/or investment objectives and in order to induce Provider to proceed with the Agreement, desires
to provide an absolute and continuing guaranty as hereinafter set forth;
NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Provider to enter into the Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of
which are hereby acknowledged, Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:
1.
Guaranty. Guarantor absolutely and unconditionally guaranties to Provider the payment of all of the Obligations, and shall continue to so
guaranty all such Obligations, whether or not all Obligations are paid in full, until all of such Obligations have been fully satisfied. If the User shall fail to pay all or
any part of the Obligations when due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, Guarantor shall pay Provider, upon Provider's written demand, the amount due and unpaid
by the User in a like manner as if such amount constituted the direct obligation of Guarantor. Provider's failure to provide Guarantor with a written demand for
payment shall not be construed as a waiver of Provider's rights against Guarantor under this Guaranty. Prior to any demand upon Guarantor, Provider shall not be
required to make any demand upon or pursue or exhaust any of its rights or remedies against the User. This Guaranty shall be effective immediately and shall remain in
full force and effect until all of the Obligations are paid, performed and observed in full. This Guaranty shall be enforceable against each person signing this Guaranty,
even if only one person signs and regardless of any failure of other persons to sign this Guaranty. If there is more than one signer, all agreements and promises herein
shall be construed to be, and are hereby declared to be, joint and several in each of every particular and shall be fully binding upon and enforceable against either, any
or all of the signers.
2.
Strict Observance. Guarantor agrees that the Obligations will be paid, performed, and observed strictly in accordance with their terms, regardless
of any rights of User against Provider. The obligations of Guarantor hereunder are without regard to the obligations of any other person or entity, and shall not be
affected by any circumstances, including without limitation: (i) any act or omission by Provider, which act or omission is hereby agreed to; (ii) any lack of
enforcement or retention of rights against User, Guarantor or any other person or entity or any property; (iii) partial or complete illegality, unenforceability or invalidity
of the Obligations, or any other guaranty, surety, pledge, assignment or other security for any Obligations; (iv) any termination or amendment of or change in the
Agreement or any other instrument, or the Equipment or any part thereof, or any leasing, assignment, mortgage or transfer of any thereof or of any interest therein, or
any furnishing, acceptance, failure or release of any interest in any such security; (v) any failure, omission or delay on the part of User or any other person or entity to
comply with any term of the Agreement; (vi) any waiver of the payment, performance or observance of any of the Obligations, or any other waiver, consent, extension,
indulgence, compromise, settlement or release in respect of the Agreement or any obligation or liability of User or Provider or any exercise or non-exercise of any right,
remedy, power or privilege in respect of the Agreement or any Obligation; (vii) any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, composition,
receivership or similar proceedings with respect to User, Guarantor, or any other person or entity or any properties or creditors, or any taken by any court, trustee or
receiver in any such proceeding; (viii) any limitation on the liability or obligations of User or any other person or entity under the Agreement or any discharge
termination, cancellation or frustration, in whole or in part, of the Agreement; (ix) any defect in the title or condition of, or any damage to or loss or destruction of the
Equipment, or any portion thereof; (x) any merger or consolidation of User or Guarantor into or with any other corporation or entity, or any sale, lease or transfer of any
of the assets of User or Guarantor to any other person or entity; (xi) any change in the ownership of User, or any change in or termination of any relationship between
User and Guarantor; or, (xii) any other condition circumstances which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge, release or defense of a surety or
Guarantor. No delay in making demand on Guarantor for satisfaction of the obligations of Guarantor hereunder shall prejudice the right of Provider to enforce the
obligations of Guarantor hereunder.
3.
Waivers of Notice, Etc. Guarantor waives diligence, presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Guaranty
or the Obligations, including without limitation (i) notice of acceptance of this Guaranty, notice of nonpayment or nonperformance of any of the Obligations, notice of
an Event of Default (as defined in the Agreement) or other default and notice of any of the matters described in Paragraph 2 hereof, (ii) any right to the enforcement,
assertion or exercise of any right, power, privilege or remedy conferred in the Agreement or otherwise, (iii) any requirement to exhaust any remedies or to mitigate
damages resulting from a default under the Agreement, (iv) any notice of any sale, transfer or other disposition of any right, title to or interest in the Agreement, the
equipment or any collateral security, or any part thereof, or (v) any requirement of promptness in commencing suit, action or other proceeding and the giving to or
making any claim or demand on Guarantor, User or any other person or entity. Guarantor agrees that it shall not be required or have the right to consent to, or to
receive any notice of, any supplement to or amendment of, or waiver or modification of, the terms of the Agreement. No notice to or demand on Guarantor shall entitle
Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances.
4.
Extensions, Etc. Provider may in its sole discretion, at any time or from time to time, (i) renew, extend, change or modify the time, manner, place
or terms of payment, performance or observance of any or all of the Obligations, (ii) apply payments by User or Guarantor to any Obligations or any other Obligations
or liability of User or Guarantor to Provider, (iii) exchange, release or surrender any security or property which may at any time be held by it, (iv) release any surety or
guarantor for or of any of the Obligations (v) settle or compromise any or all of the Obligations with User or any other person or entity liable thereon, or (vi)
subordinate the payment, performance or observance of any other debts or obligations which may be due or owing to Provider or any other person or entity, all in such
manner and upon such terms as Provider may deem proper, without notice to or further assent from Guarantor.
5.
No Waiver. No failure by Provider to exercise, and no delay in exercising, this Guaranty shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any other right, power or remedy of Provider.

