AFLLC, as described in Item 1, AFLLC has agreed to provide certain required support and services to
Anytime Fitness franchisees under their franchise and development agreements with us.
Before you open your Anytime Fitness center, we will:
1)

Provide you with specifications to assist you in determining the evaluation criteria for selecting the
site location for your business (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.A).

2)

Through our real estate department, we will assist you in identifying sites for your Anytime Fitness
center (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.A).

3)

Once you have chosen a site location for your Anytime Fitness center, either approve or disapprove
that location. Once we approve a site location for your Anytime Fitness center, provide you with
a protected territory for your Anytime Fitness center (Franchise Agreement – Section 1).

4)

Provide you online access to our operations manual that contains mandatory and suggested
specifications, standards and procedures (the “Operations Manual”) (Franchise Agreement –
Section 8.G). The Operations Manual consists of one or more manuals, technical bulletins or other
written materials available electronically and may be modified by us periodically in our discretion.
The Operations Manual may be made available to you electronically, and currently contains
approximately 48 pages. A copy of the Table of Contents of the Operations Manual is attached to
this Disclosure Document as Exhibit B.

5)

As discussed in Item 5, provide you with a Compliance Drawing (Franchise Agreement –
Section 9). If you require additional Compliance Drawings, you must pay us $250 for each
additional Compliance Drawing.

6)

Provide, at our expense, an initial training program to educate and acquaint your management team
with the business of operating an Anytime Fitness center (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.B).
We will provide a training program that consists of self-paced online learning courses and
assessment tools which must be completed in a manner satisfactory to us, then 3 to 5 days of
classroom training conducted at our corporate offices in Minnesota, at our discretion, followed by
a 1 to 3 day in-person job shadowing training experience held at a location that we designate. If
you purchase an existing Anytime Fitness center, you must also complete the self-paced online
learning courses, complete the assessments to our satisfaction, and complete the classroom training
and the in-person job shadow training experience conducted at the corporate office in Minnesota.
You must complete these training components before you begin operating your Anytime Fitness
center. This may mean that another, experienced manager whom we approve, will need to operate
the Anytime Fitness center while you attend this required training.

7)

Our affiliate, ProVision, provides information technology services, technology, and security
systems, including computers, iPads, sound systems, club management and access control software
and digital access components, networking, sound and personal training / coaching technology and
other related components along with technology and software support, installation services, and
security monitoring for your Anytime Fitness center. ProVision will also provide email hosting (up
to 5 email addresses), and virus and malware protection relating to disruption of our access control
software (ProVision Agreement, Section 1). Although we may provide you with the names of
suppliers or specifications for equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventory or supplies for your
center, we do not deliver or install these items for you.

8)

Assign you a Franchise Business Consultant and Store Opening Project Manager or other contact
to support you prior to opening (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.H).

FDD

31

