Subject to corporate trainer availability, we also offer the Coaching Suite Coaching Program in the field,
on-site at your Center, or the Anytime Fitness center of another franchise owner with whom you have
partnered to receive this Coaching. You must pay us our then-current Coaching fees, which will vary
depending on the number of franchise owners and attendees. This on-site Coaching is conducted for up to
twenty-one (21) total attendees and includes pre-visit communication and post-visit follow-up. Attendees
must be employees of participating franchise owner(s).
In the event you do not have an open Center at the time you register for Coaching Suite Coaching program,
you shall pay all Registration Fees at the time of registration. If you have one (1) or more open Center(s),
you authorize us to deduct the Registration Fees, and any additional costs as described in Section 4.a.2 from
the remittance collected by our designated billing and payment processor for the Center(s) on the first day
of the month following the date of registration for Coaching Suite Coaching program.
b.
Coaching Suite Fees. In consideration of the grant of the license for the Coaching Suite, you shall
pay to us, in addition to the Registration Fees or any other amounts due and owning under this Addendum,
the Coaching Suite Fees, on a monthly recurring basis on the due date of such fee. For your first Center
licensing the Coaching Suite, you will begin incurring Coaching Suite Fees ninety (90) days after the
Effective Date regardless of whether you have attended Coaching Suite Coaching program. For each
additional Center owned by you or any of your Principal Owner(s) as of the Effective Date of this
Addendum, licensing the Coaching Suite, you will begin incurring Coaching Suite Fees upon the Effective
Date. You authorize us to deduct the Coaching Suite Fees, and any additional costs from the remittance
collected by our designated billing and payment processor for the Center. You agree we may deduct the
Coaching Suite Fees for any and all Centers owned by you, regardless of whether or not you have executed
an Addendum for that Center.
You agree that any amount not received by us when due shall bear interest at the rate of one and one-half
percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. You must reimburse
us and our affiliates for all costs incurred in the collection of unpaid amounts, including attorneys’ fees.
c.
Additional Support. If you request additional support, Coaching, coaching or consulting, you agree
to pay to us our then-current rates, plus reasonable travel expenses.
d.
Required Equipment, Hardware, and Software. You must pay us, our affiliates, and/or our
designated vendors for use of all required equipment, hardware, and/or software that meets our then- current
standards and specifications in connection with the Coaching Suite as set forth in the Manual (as defined
in the Franchise Agreement) or otherwise in writing.
5.

TERM AND TERMINATION.

a.
The term of this Addendum will commence on the Effective Date set forth in the Rider attached to
this Addendum, and subject to earlier termination as described herein, will automatically and immediately
terminate upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement.
b.
You must successfully complete all required Coaching Suite Coaching program and commence
offering the Coaching Suite to your members on or before the Roll Out Date set forth in the Rider attached
to this Addendum. Failure to successfully complete all required Coaching and commence offering the
Coaching Suite to the public on or before the Roll-Out Date will constitute a default under your Franchise
Agreement.
c.
This Addendum automatically and immediately terminates upon the termination or expiration of
any agreement between us or our affiliates and any third party for the license or provision of the Coaching

