Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
Disaggregation of Revenues
Current accounting standards require that companies disaggregate revenue from contracts with
customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue
and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The Company has included its revenues
disaggregated in its consolidated statements of comprehensive income to satisfy this requirement.
Taxes Collected and Remitted to Government Authorities
The Company may be required to collect and remit taxes on taxable transactions from customers
related to certain taxing authorities based on a percentage of revenue. As the Company is acting
as a collection agent with respect to these taxes, these amounts are not included in revenues and
are recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Deferred Revenue
Deferred revenue from initial franchise fees, ADA fees, area representative fees, master franchise
fees, and renewal and transfer fees is collected up front and is generally recognized on a straightline basis over the term of the underlying franchise agreement, net of any performance obligations
which have been satisfied. Also included in deferred revenue are corporate-owned fitness center
and online membership fees, equipment and installations fees, and pre-paid personal training
sessions. The Company classifies these contract liabilities as deferred revenue in the consolidated
balance sheets.
Deferred Costs
The Company defers incremental costs associated with franchise sales facilitated by Area
Representatives. These costs are recognized as commission expense over the term of the
agreement as services required by the Company are performed. Incremental costs primarily relate
to a portion of initial franchise fees received from new franchisees which are due to the Area
Representative under the terms of the agreement. The Company also has deferred compensation
and brokerage commission costs resulting from the sales of initial franchises, ADA, and master
franchises. These deferred compensation and brokerage commissions are generally recognized
on a straight-line basis over the term of the underlying franchise agreement. The Company
classifies these contract assets as deferred costs in the consolidated balance sheets.
Advertising Fund
The Company has advertising funds for the creation and development of marketing, advertising,
and related programs and materials for fitness centers located in the United States. On behalf of
the advertising fund, the Company collects advertising fees from franchisees, in accordance with
the provisions of the franchise agreements. The use of amounts received by the advertising fund is
restricted to advertising, product development, public relations, and administrative expenses.
The Company consolidates and reports all assets and liabilities held by the advertising fund within
the consolidated financial statements. Amounts received or receivable by advertising funds are
reported as restricted assets within current assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company records all revenues of the advertising fund, except those discussed below, within
franchise revenue and all expenses of the advertising fund, except those discussed below, within
the operating expenses on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The Company
provides administrative services to the advertising fund and charges the advertising fund a fee for
providing those services.

14

