31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person
acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or
order thereunder is void. Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise
Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights
under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 –
20043).”
6.
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require application of the
laws and forum of Minnesota. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
7.
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require binding arbitration.
The arbitration will occur at the office of the American Arbitration Association located nearest Anytime
Fitness Franchisor LLC’s principal offices (currently, Woodbury, Minnesota). You will bear all costs of
arbitration if we secure any relief against you in the arbitration, or are successful in defending a claim you
bring against us in the arbitration. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel
to determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a
franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.
8.
California [Civil Code Section 1671] has statutes which restrict or prohibit the imposition
of liquidated damage provisions.
9.

The highest interest rate allowed by law in California for late payments is 10% annually.

10.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
11.
Pursuant to Section 31512.1 of the California Franchise Investment Law, any provision of
a franchise agreement, franchise disclosure document, acknowledgment, questionnaire, or other writing,
including any exhibit thereto, disclaiming or denying any of the following shall be deemed contrary to
public policy and shall be void and unenforceable:
(a) Representations made by the franchisor or its personnel or agents to a prospective franchisee.
(b) Reliance by a franchisee on any representations made by the franchisor or its personnel or
agents.
(c) Reliance by a franchisee on the franchise disclosure document, including any exhibit thereto.
(d) Violations of any provision of this division.

FDD

CAL G-2

