STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDUM
AS
REQUIRED BY
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE LAW
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC Franchise
Disclosure Document, the following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all
Anytime Fitness franchises offered and sold in the state of Minnesota:
This Minnesota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of Minnesota or if your business
will be located in Minnesota.
1.
Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the FDD can abrogate or reduce any
of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, form or
remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.
2.
We will comply with Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14, subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require, except
in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure)
and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Agreement.
3.

Item 13 is revised to include the following language:

“To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, we will protect your rights to use
the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logo types or other commercial symbols related
to the trademarks or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim,
suit or demand regarding the use of the trademarks, provided you are using the names and
marks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement.”
4.
Item 17(c) and 17(m) are revised to provide that we cannot require you to sign a release of
claims under the Minnesota Franchise Act as a condition to renewal or assignment.
5.
We are prohibited from requiring you to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver
that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22,
provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.
6.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
7.
Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent that, with respect to
such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C are met independently
without reference to this Addendum.

FDD

MN G-1

