Provision
t. Integration / merger
clause

Section in Franchise or
Other Agreements
Section 20.E, K – Franchise
Agreement
Section 9 – Area
Development Agreement

Summary
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the Area Development
Agreement and other written agreements are binding (subject to
applicable state law). Any other promises or representations (other
than representations in this Disclosure Document) may not be
enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in any agreement
is intended to disclaim the express representations made in this
Franchise Disclosure Document, its exhibits and amendments.

u. Dispute resolution by
arbitration or mediation

Section 18.C, D – Franchise
Agreement and Section 9 –
Area Development
Agreement

Except for certain disputes, all disputes must be mediated, and if not
settled by mediation, are then subject to arbitration.

v.

Section 18.C, D, F –
Franchise Agreement and
Section 9 – Area
Development Agreement

Subject to state law, mediation will be at a place selected by the
mediator. Subject to state law, arbitration will be in Minneapolis,
Minnesota. Subject to state law, any litigation must be brought in the
United States District Court for the District of Minnesota or the
Ramsey County District Court, Minnesota.

Section 20.D – Franchise
Agreement and Section 9 –
Area Development
Agreement

Subject to state law, Minnesota law generally applies.

Choice of forum

w. Choice of law

ITEM 18.
PUBLIC FIGURES
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise.
ITEM 19.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential financial
performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for the
information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document. Financial performance
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at
a particular location or under particular circumstances.
This Item 19 is divided into three sections. Section I discloses historical financial information of Anytime
Fitness centers operating with the Coaching Suite described below that all new franchisees will have.
Section II discloses historical financial information of Anytime Fitness centers that are using all 5 tools
from what we refer to as “SmartCoaching" in the operation of the center. Section III uses historical financial
information from our company-owned centers to provide a statement of revenue, expenses and earnings.
We adjusted the expenses to reflect estimated costs we believe a franchisee would incur.
I.

Historical Revenues for Franchised Anytime Fitness Centers Operating With Coaching Suite

Several years ago, our predecessor, AFLLC, implemented a Training Suite (also referred to as Anytime
Fitness Live Programming and now referred to as the “Coaching Suite”) and recommended that our
Anytime Fitness full size centers implement this program. In March 2019, our predecessor made the initial
Training Suite program mandatory for new and renewing Anytime Fitness full-service centers. In addition,

FDD

52

