Type of Fee (Note 1)
Provider Program

Anytime Nutrition
Program

Amount (Note 2)

Due Date

7% of revenue received from Monthly
Physical Therapy or
Chiropractic provider. We
may increase this fee not to
exceed 15% of revenue
received.
$1,000 - $2,000 for training
$149 per month

Monthly

We may increase this fee not
to exceed $249 per month.

Remarks (Note 3)
You will pay this fee if you elect to participate
in the Provider Program. You would sign the
Provider Program Addendum attached to this
Disclosure Document as Exhibit Q.

You will pay this fee if you elect to participate
in the Anytime Nutrition Program. You would
sign the Anytime Nutrition Program Addendum
attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit
R.

Notes:
(1) Unless otherwise stated, all fees are paid to us, are non-refundable, and are uniform for all new
franchisees. (Franchisees who signed earlier versions of our franchise agreements may be paying lower
fees in some categories.) In certain unique circumstances, we may waive one or more of these fees.
(2) If your state, or any governmental body in your state, charges a state income or business activity tax on
any fee you owe to us or to our affiliates, then you must pay an additional amount equal to the amount of
this state income or business activity tax. This does not apply to any federal or Minnesota income taxes we
or our affiliates have to pay.
(3) For all amounts you owe to us or our affiliates, we have the right to collect these fees by pre-authorized
check draft or pre-authorized credit card charge. However, currently, our preferred provider of the billing
and payment processing services collects most of these fees on our behalf from the fees they collect each
month from your members. A copy of the billing and payment processing services agreement with our
preferred provider is attached as Exhibit P.
(4) We may adjust the Monthly Fee as of January 1 of each year to reflect inflation according to the
Consumer Price Index published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor, or its
successors. Although we currently do not charge a percentage-based royalty, we can, on 30 days’ notice to
you, replace the fixed Monthly Fee with a percentage-based monthly royalty of up to 8% of Gross Revenue,
including personal training revenue and point of sale revenue.
(5) You pay the Monthly Fee, the General Advertising Fee, and the Base Technology Fee, and if you
choose to participate in our Charitable Contribution Programs, then also your monthly charitable
contribution, in advance on or before the first day of each month. You will also pay any Coaching Suite
Fee (if applicable) in advance on or before the first day of each month. However, if you open after the first
of the month, the fees are not due until the first day of the following month. As an example, if you sign
your Franchise Agreement April 15, and your business opens June 15, the first month that you must pay
these fees is July. You will also pay the full amount of these fees for the last month of the term of the
Franchise Agreement, regardless of the actual termination date of the Franchise Agreement.
(6) You must spend a minimum total of $11,000 to $23,000 depending on your market Tier on a Grand
Opening and Ramp Up Program for your Anytime Fitness center beginning 60 days prior to your scheduled
opening and ending 60 days following the opening of your Anytime Fitness center. You must spend a
minimum of $11,000 in local marketing if your Anytime Fitness center is located within a Tier 3 market.
You must spend $16,000 in local marketing if your Anytime Fitness center is located within a Tier 2 market.

FDD

16

