15.
Severability. Should any one or more provisions of this Guaranty be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, all
other provisions shall nevertheless be effective.
16.
Binding Effect. This Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of Lender, its successors and assigns, including the
assignees of any indebtedness hereby guaranteed, and shall bind the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of
Guarantor. This Guaranty may be assigned by Lender with respect to all or any portion of the Credit Agreement, and when so
assigned Guarantor shall be liable under this Guaranty to the assignee(s) of the portion(s) of the Credit Agreement so assigned without
in any manner affecting the liability of Guarantor hereunder to Lender with respect to any portion of the Credit Agreement retained by
Lender.
17.
Expiration. Upon the payment in full to Lender of all Obligations owing to Lender and any subsequent loans, this
Guaranty shall be of no further force or effect.
18.
Reasonableness. Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers set forth in this Guaranty are made with
Guarantor’s full knowledge of their significance and consequences, and that under the circumstances, the waivers are reasonable and
not contrary to public policy or law. No provisions of this Guaranty or right of Lender hereunder can be waived nor can Guarantor be
released from their obligations hereunder except by a writing duly executed by an authorized officer of Lender.
19,
Terminology. When the context and construction so require, all words used in the singular herein shall be deemed
to have been used in the plural and the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter and vice versa. The word “person" as used
herein shall-include any individual, company, firm, association, partnership, corporation, trust or other legal entity of any kind
whatsoever.
20.
Exclusive Statement. This writing is intended by the parties as a final expression of this Unconditional Guaranty
and is also intended as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms hereof. No course of dealing, course of performance or trade
usage, and no parol evidence of any nature shall be used to supplement or modify any terms. Nor are there any conditions to the full
effectiveness of this agreement.
21.
Joint and Several Liability. If two or more persons are signing this Guaranty as Guarantor, then all such persons
shall be jointly and severally liable for the obligations of Guarantor hereunder.
22.
Waiver of Change. Guarantor hereby expressly waives (a) any renewals or extensions of time for payment of the
guaranteed debt (b) any changes in the terms of the guaranteed debt including increase or decrease in installment payments or any
interest rate adjustments, or (c) any other change in the guaranteed debt including a change in the business structure of the Borrower.
23.
Dealing with Security Interest.
The undersigned Guarantor hereby expressly waives (a) surrender, release,
exchange, substitution, dealing with or taking any additional collateral, (b) abstaining from taking advantage of or realizing upon any
security interest, or other guarantee, (c) any impairment of collateral by Lender including but not limited to, failure to perfect a
security interest in the collateral, and (d) any impairment by Lender of Guarantor's rights of recourse against other parties.
24.
Unconditional Liability. Guarantor has signed this Unconditional Guaranty and has unconditionally delivered it to
Lender, and failure to sign this or any other guaranty by any other person shall not discharge the liability of any signer. The
unconditional liability of the signers applies whether signer is jointly and severally liable for the entire amount of the debt, or for only
a pro rata portion.
25,
Errors and Omissions. Guarantor hereby waives all errors and omissions in connection with Lender's administration
of the guaranteed debt, except errors or omissions resulting from Lender’s gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or illegal
actions.
26.
Acts and Omissions. Without in any way limiting the foregoing, Guarantor hereby waives any other act or omission
of Lender (except acts or omissions due to the gross negligence of Lender or, bad faith or willful misconduct) which changes the
scope of the Guarantor’s risk.
27,
Remedies. As a condition of the payment or performance by Guarantor, Lender is not required to enforce any
remedies against the Borrower or any other party liable to Lender on account of the guaranteed debt. Nor is Lender required to seek to

