One independent franchisee association has asked to be included in this Disclosure Document: AFFA, an
Independent Association of Anytime Fitness® franchisees. The contact information for AFFA is as
follows:
AFFA, an Independent Association of Anytime Fitness® Franchisees
PO Box 10158
Palm Desert, CA 92255-1058
Phone: 619-209-3775
Fax: 866-855-1988
Email: affa@aafdchapters.org
ITEM 21.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Attached at Exhibit D are the audited financial statements of our affiliate SEB Franchising Guarantor LLC
(“SFG”), for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024. SFG
guarantees our performance under the Franchise Agreement, Area Development Agreement, and other
related documents. A copy of the guaranty of SFG is attached at Exhibit D.
As reflected in Item 1, Anytime Fitness, LLC will be providing required support and services to franchisees
under a management agreement with us. Attached at Exhibit D are the audited financial statements of
Anytime Fitness, LLC for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2024. These financial statements are being provided for disclosure purposes only. Anytime Fitness,
LLC is not a party to the Franchise Agreement, Area Development Agreement or any other agreement we
sign with franchisees nor does it guarantee our obligations under the Franchise Agreement, Area
Development Agreement, or other agreement we sign with franchisees.
ITEM 22.
CONTRACTS
A copy of the Franchise Agreement, Franchise Agreement Guaranty, and General Release is attached as
Exhibit E. A copy of the Area Development Agreement and Development Agreement Guaranty is attached
as Exhibit F. Exhibit H is an agreement you sign with our affiliate, Healthy Contributions, to assist in the
transfer, processing and distribution of funds and data for various fitness incentive programs you can offer
to your members. Exhibit I includes forms of financing documents. Exhibit J is an agreement you will
sign with ProVision regarding the billing for our web fee, and the provision of security and software
support. Exhibit K is an application for a membership surety bond you must sign with Nationwide Mutual
Insurance Company. Exhibit L are the Service Agreements you must sign to use the Club Management
Software. Exhibit M is a Franchisee Questionnaire you must complete and sign before we will grant you a
franchise. Exhibit N is the Coaching Suite Addendum we require existing franchisees sign to implement
the Coaching Suite at existing Anytime Fitness centers that do not already have access to and offer the
Coaching Suite. Exhibit O is the Evolt Software Subscription Agreement you must sign in connection with
a required software program. Exhibit P is the ABC Merchant Services Agreement. Exhibit Q is the Provider
Program Addendum. Exhibit R is the Anytime Nutrition Program Addendum.
ITEM 23.
RECEIPTS
The last 2 pages of this Disclosure Document are detachable documents acknowledging receipt of this
Disclosure Document. Please sign both receipt pages and return one to us.

FDD

68

