Provision
g. “Cause” definedcurable defaults

h. “Cause” definednon-curable defaults

Section in Franchise or
Other Agreements
Section 14.B – Franchise
Agreement and Section 5 –
Area Development
Agreement

Summary
Most defaults are curable and you will have 30 days to cure.

Section 14.A – Franchise
Agreement

You are liquidated or dissolved; fail to comply with our requirements
for securing real estate; fail to operate the business for 7 consecutive
days, abandon the business, lose the right to do business, or lose the
right of possession of the premises where the business is located;
unapproved transfers; you or any of your owners engage in fraudulent
conduct or is convicted of, or plead guilty or no contest to, certain
crimes; 3 notices of material breaches within 12 months; you maintain
false books or records or submit any false or misleading application,
statement or report to us; you withhold our access to accounting and
financial systems or data, revoke any electronic-funds transfer or direct
debt authorization granted to us, or initiate any stop payments against
us; you misuse our marks or materially impair the value of, or the
goodwill associated with our marks or the franchise system; and other
stated non-curable defaults.

Section 5 – Area
Development Agreement.

Similar reasons as for Franchise Agreement, you fail to meet your
development obligations in the Development Schedule, or we have
delivered to you a notice of termination of a Franchise Agreement in
accordance with its terms and conditions.

Sections 16 and 17.B –
Franchise Agreement

Stop operating the business, stop using our names and marks, return
information to us, assign to us or cancel certain registrations, listings,
telephone numbers, websites and domain names, and pay all amounts
you owe us.

Section 6 – Area
Development Agreement

You lose all remaining rights to develop Anytime Fitness centers. You
also pay $10,000 for each undeveloped franchise as liquidated damages
(subject to state law).

j. Assignment of
contract by us

Section 13.A – Franchise
Agreement and Section 7.A
– Area Development
Agreement

No restriction on our right to assign.

k. “Transfer” by youdefined

Section 13.B – Franchise
Agreement and

Includes transfer of contract or business, or transfer of majority control
of the Franchise Agreement, Area Development Agreement, or of the
business.

i. Your obligations on
termination/non-renewal

Section 7.B – Area
Development Agreement
l. Our approval of
transfer by you

FDD

Sections 13.B – Franchise
Agreement

We have the right to approve all transfers, but will not withhold our
consent if all the requirements for the transfer are met.

Section 7.B – Area
Development Agreement

We have the right to approve, but you may not transfer only a portion
of your rights.

50

