fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
18.

Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise agreement or
related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or complaining to
regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document and
is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).

19.

Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection
Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the business of the offer or sale of
franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to
the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with a franchise broker,
franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker
about a franchise.

20.

Recital B and Sections 23 (a) and (b) of the Agreement are deleted in their entirety and replaced
with the following: “[Intentionally Deleted]”

21.

Sections 17.C and 20.E of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety.

22.

Section 18.C.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by deleting the following sentence:
The mediator will select the location for the mediation, but unless you and we both
agree otherwise, the mediation will be held in a metropolitan area with at least
250,000 persons that is not located within one hundred (100) miles of either your
principal office or our principal office.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date first set
forth below.
Franchisor:
ANYTIME FITNESS FRANCHISOR LLC

Franchisee:

By:
Its:
Date:

By:
Its:
Date:

4918-3419-3680, v. 2

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

