Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
1.

Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Nature of Business
Anytime Fitness, LLC (“Anytime Fitness”) was originally formed as a corporation in February 2002.
On December 11, 2009, Anytime Fitness elected to change the legal form of its business to a
limited liability company (LLC). Anytime Fitness is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Self Esteem
Brands, LLC (“SEB”). SEB is a wholly owned subsidiary of Purpose Brands Intermediate LLC
(“PBI”), which is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Purpose Brands Holdings LLC (“PBH”).
Anytime Fitness operates corporate-owned 24-hour fitness centers. These fitness centers are
subject to the same fee structure as other franchisees.
Anytime Fitness has a master franchise agreement with a related party which allows the master to
franchise and operate Anytime Fitness centers in Spain. Anytime Fitness collects various recurring
and nonrecurring fees from this master franchisee.
Subsidiary Operations
SEB SPV Guarantor LLC (“SEB SPV”) is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Anytime Fitness.
SEB SPV and its subsidiaries were formed during 2021 in connection with the SEB securitization
transaction. SEB SPV is the holding company of and guarantees the obligations of SEB
Funding LLC (“SEB Funding or Issuer”).
SEB Funding is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of SEB SPV. SEB Funding is the sole member
of SEB Franchising Guarantor LLC, Healthy Contributions SPV LLC, PV Distribution LLC, SEB
Distribution SPV LLC, and SEB Systems LLC. SEB Funding is the Issuer of the Series 2021-1
and the Series 2024-1 Notes (Note 5).
SEB Systems LLC (“SEB Systems”) comprises the operations of its direct, wholly owned
subsidiaries (collectively, the “franchising entities”): Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC, OTF
Franchisor LLC, Waxing the City Franchisor LLC, Basecamp Fitness Franchisor LLC, and The Bar
Method Franchisor LLC. The franchising entities are the franchisors of fitness centers, fitness
studios, and waxing studios in the United States and in certain cases, internationally.
Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC (“Anytime Fitness Franchisor”) franchises the right to open,
operate, and manage fitness centers in the United States and internationally. Franchisees pay
Anytime Fitness Franchisor an initial franchise fee to acquire the franchise. Anytime Fitness
Franchisor has various initial and ongoing obligations to franchisees, including training. During the
term of the franchise agreement, franchisees pay royalties in amounts that vary according to the
franchise agreement.
Anytime Fitness Franchisor also has master franchise agreements with entities that allow the
master franchisees to franchise and operate Anytime Fitness centers in various international
jurisdictions. Anytime Fitness Franchisor collects an initial master franchise fee and various
recurring and nonrecurring fees from the master franchisee.
OTF Franchisor, LLC (“OTF Franchisor” or “OTFF”) franchises the right to open, operate, and
manage Orangetheory health and fitness studios. Franchisees pay OTF Franchisor an initial
franchise fee to acquire the franchise. OTF Franchisor has various initial and ongoing obligations
to franchisees, including training. During the term of the franchise agreement, franchisees pay
royalties in amounts that vary according to the franchise agreement.

7

