market for the purpose of soliciting their employees to join your Anytime Fitness center when those
employees will not be predominantly using your facility. In addition, all of your advertising must be
approved by us in writing before you publish or distribute such marketing materials. We and our affiliates
have the right to sell products and services (like apparel, nutritional counseling, nutritional supplements,
and health and fitness related services) to your members and to others in and outside your territory, using
the “Anytime Fitness®” name, or using any other name, through any channel of distribution, including the
Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, and may do so in your territory without any
compensation to you. We and our affiliates may use our website or otherwise to provide to your members
and others web-based or application-based fitness instruction.
Options, Rights of First Refusal, or Similar Rights
Except as provided above, you will not receive any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
additional franchises.
Similar Affiliated Brands
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or franchise, any
business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that our
franchisees sell. However, our current and future affiliates may operate and/or franchise businesses that
sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current affiliates that
offer franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their
businesses are franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks. As described in Item 1, we have
3 affiliates that offer franchises under different trademarks and sell goods and services that are similar to
those offered by us.
Our affiliate, Basecamp, operates and franchises the operation of studio fitness centers under the trademark
“Basecamp® Fitness” which offer memberships allowing members to take short, regularly scheduled group
training classes designed using High Intensity Interval Training strategies. Basecamp has the same
principal business address as we do and does not maintain physically separate offices or training facilities.
Our affiliate, The Bar Method Franchising, franchises the operation of boutique fitness studios that offer
barre-based exercise classes using proprietary and non-proprietary instructional techniques, formats and
methods designed to provide fitness training in an attractive atmosphere. The Bar Method Franchising has
the same principal business address as we do and does not maintain physically separate offices or training
facilities. Our affiliate, OTF Franchisor, operates and franchises the operation of studios in the United
States under the trademark “ORANGETHEORY®” that offer members access to exercise equipment,
including cardio and strength equipment, in a contemporary atmosphere characterized by its signature
orange color scheme and trade dress. OTF Franchisor’s principal business address is 6000 Broken Sound
Pkwy NW, Suite 200, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. It maintains physically separate offices and training
facilities from the other brands discussed above.
There may be now, or in the future, Orangetheory, Basecamp Fitness and/or Bar Method locations in the
same market as current or future Anytime Fitness franchisee territory(ies). All of the businesses that our
affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept business from customers near your business.
If there is a conflict between us and a Basecamp Fitness franchisee and/or Bar Method franchisee or
between an Anytime Fitness franchisee and a Basecamp Fitness franchisee and/or a Bar Method franchisee,
in either case regarding territory, customers or franchisor support, we will attempt to resolve the conflict
after taking into account the specific facts of each situation and what is in the best interest of the affected
system or systems. However, we do not have a policy related to, and are not responsible for, resolving
conflicts between an Anytime Fitness franchisee and an Orangetheory franchisee. We also have no
obligation to resolve conflicts between or among Basecamp Fitness and Bar Method franchisees.

FDD

45

