Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
OTF Franchisor provides its franchisees, regional operators (“Area Representatives”), and
international master franchisees the ability to develop and operate Orangetheory health and fitness
studios under a comprehensive system.
Waxing the City Franchisor LLC (“Waxing the City Franchisor”) franchises the right to open,
operate, and manage a business that offers a studio experience focused on facial and body waxing
and the sale of related products or services in the United States. Franchisees pay Waxing the City
Franchisor an initial franchise fee to acquire the franchise. During the term of the franchise
agreement, franchisees pay royalties in amounts that vary according to the franchise agreement.
Basecamp Fitness Franchisor LLC (“Basecamp Fitness Franchisor”) franchises the right to open,
operate, and manage fitness studios in the United States and internationally. Franchisees pay
Basecamp Fitness Franchisor an initial franchise fee to acquire the franchise. During the term of
the franchise agreement, franchisees pay royalties in amounts that vary according to the franchise
agreement.
Basecamp Fitness Franchisor operates internationally as Sumhiit Fitness. Basecamp Fitness
Franchisor has a master franchise agreement with an entity that allows the master franchisee to
franchise and operate Sumhiit Fitness studios in an international jurisdiction. Basecamp Fitness
Franchisor collects an initial master franchise fee and various recurring and nonrecurring fees from
the master franchisee.
The Bar Method Franchisor LLC (“Bar Method Franchisor”) franchises the right to open, operate,
and manage fitness studios in the United States and internationally. Franchisees pay Bar Method
Franchisor an initial franchise fee to acquire the franchise. During the term of the franchise
agreement, franchisees pay royalties in amounts that vary according to the franchise agreement.
The Bar Method Franchisor also has a master franchise agreement with an entity that allows the
master franchisee to franchise and operate Bar Method fitness studios in an international
jurisdiction. Bar Method Franchisor collects an initial master franchise fee and various recurring
and nonrecurring fees from the master franchisee.
Waxing the City Worldwide, LLC, Basecamp Fitness, LLC, and The Bar Method Franchising, LLC,
affiliates of the Company, operate corporate-owned studios that are subject to the same fee
structures as other franchisees.
SEB Franchising Guarantor LLC guarantees the obligations of the franchising entities.
OTF Product Sourcing LLC (“OTFPS”) sells fitness equipment, fitness related wearable technology
and accessories, and other retail products to OTF Franchisor’s franchisees.
PV Distribution LLC (“PV Distribution”) provides managed technology services, including
surveillance and security system setup and access control systems for Purpose Brands franchise
businesses and commercial customers.
SEB Distribution SPV LLC (“SEB Distribution”) procures, holds, and distributes inventory and
supplies to Purpose Brands franchise businesses.

8

