SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

$

, 20

FOR VALUE
NOW,

RECEIVED,

the undersigned borrower (the "Borrower") hereby covenants and promises to pay to the order of RV

LLC ("Lender"), or its successors or assigns, at Lender's address at P.O. Box 94950 North Little Rock, Arkansas 72190, or at

such other place as the Lender may designate to the Borrower in writing from time to time, in legal tender of the United States, the
sum of
and
/100 Dollars along with interest at the Interest Rate as provided herein.
lL.
Definitions, As used throughout this Secured Promissory Note (“Promissory Note”), the following capitalized terms
shall have the following meanings:
“Credit Agreement” shall collectively mean this Promissory Note; that certain Secured Loan Agreement of even date
herewith by and between Borrower and Lender (the “Loan Agreement”); that Billing Services Agreement executed by
Borrower; that Merchant Services Agreement executed by Borrower, if any; that Pledge and Security Agreement executed by
Borrower; that Unconditional Guaranty executed by Guarantor, and all other documents referenced therein or otherwise
pertaining to this transaction.
“Event _of Default" shall mean the Borrower’s failure to pay any required installment payment of principal or interest
hereunder within ten (10) days of the due date thereof or any other sums due hereunder which are not paid within ten (10)
days after written notice to Borrower; or Borrower’s failure to pay or perform any other condition or covenant of any nature
as contained in the Credit Agreement after all cure periods provided therein have expired.
"Interest Rate" shall mean

PERCENT (___%) per annum.

“Lender Expenses" shall mean all reasonable out-of-pocket costs or expenses of every nature which are incurred by Lender in
connection with Lender's administration and servicing, defending or enforcing of the Credit Agreement as expressly
permitted thereunder and following an Event of Default thereunder, including, without limitation, all reasonable out-ofpocket fees and expenses incurred by both Lender and its legal counsel in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing,
administering, amending, terminating, enforcing (including fees and expenses incurred by Lender and its legal counsel in
connection with a "workout," a restructuring, or an insolvency proceedings concerning Borrower), irrespective of whether
suit is brought.
"Maturity Date" shall mean that date which is

months from and after the date of this Promissory Note.

“Payment Commencement Date” shall mean

2.
Principal Advances, All principal evidenced hereby shall be advanced by Lender to Borrower pursuant to the
Secured Loan Agreement delivered contemporaneously with Borrower’s execution of this Promissory Note.
3,
Required Payments of Principal and Interest. Borrower shall pay all accrued interest and unpaid principal to Lender
immediately upon Lender’s demand and otherwise Borrower shall pay interest and principal to Lender as follows:
a.
Initial Interest Payment. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the Payment Commencement Date an amount
equal to that interest, calculated at the Interest Rate based upon the actual number of days elapsed at a daily rate based on a
360-day year, that has accrued against those advances of principal extended by Lender to Borrower hereunder,
b.
Subsequent Monthly Principal and Interest Payments. In the month immediately following the Payment
Commencement Date, Borrower shall pay to Lender on the same day of the month as the Payment Commencement Date,
and on the same day of each month thereafter until the Maturity Date, an amount, in equal monthly installments, that will

suffice to fully amortize the principal amount advanced with accrued interest, calculated at the Interest Rate and based upon
the actual number of days elapsed at a daily rate based on a 360-day year, it being recognized, understood and agreed that
said sum shall] be applied to Lender Expenses, interest and principal as provided in Section 3(c) below.
Cc,
Application of Payments Received by Lender. All payments received by Lender from Borrower hereunder
shall be applied first to Lender Expenses, then to interest due hereunder, then to principal due hereunder, or, upon the

