PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
THIS

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
("Agreement") is executed as of the |
day of
, 20__, by the undersigned debtor (“Debtor”) in favor of RV NOW, LLC, and/or its successors and assigns
("Lender"), in order to induce Lender to extend or continue credit to Debtor pursuant to the provisions of that Secured Loan
Agreement dated as of an even date herewith (the “Secured Loan Agreement’’) and the Secured Promissory Note executed as of an
even date herewith (the “Note”). In consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, Debtor hereby represents, warrants, covenants and agrees to the following:
1.
Grant of Security Interest. Debtor hereby collaterally assigns, transfers and pledges to Lender, and grants to Lender
a first and prior security interest (subject only to prior liens of Lender, if any) in, all of Debtor's right, title and interest in and to that
intangible and other property which is more fully described on EXHIBIT A attached hereto, whether now existing or hereafter
acquired, along with all proceeds associated therewith (collectively, the "Property"), Debtor hereby authorizes Lender to file of record
all UCC financing statements and continuation statements that might be required to perfect Lender's security interest in the Property
and to sign Debtor's name thereto, if applicable.
2.
Obligations Secured. The obligations secured hereby are the payment and performance of the Obligations (as
defined in the Secured Loan Agreement). All capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to
them in the Secured Loan Agreement.
3.
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations,
including without limitation the payment of all indebtedness of Debtor to Lender existing or committed by Lender at the time Lender
receives written notice of withdrawal of this Agreement by Debtor.
4,
Warranties of Debtor. Debtor represents and warrants (a) that the Debtor is the owner or has control of the Property;
(b) that Debtor has the right to pledge or grant a security interest in the Property; (c) that the Property is genuine, free from liens (other
than liens of Lender, if any), adverse claims, set-offs, default, repayment, defenses and conditions precedent of any kind or character;
and (d) that the security interest in the Property granted to Lender hereby is a first and prior security interest (other than liens of
Lender, if any) and that Debtor has not, and will not, grant or suffer another security interest in or encumbrance against the Property.
5,

Covenants of Debtor.

5,1
General Covenants. Debtor shall (a) perform all obligations secured hereby when performance is due; (b) permit
Lender to exercise its powers; (c) execute and deliver such documents as Lender reasonably deems necessary to create, perfect and
continue the security interests contemplated hereby; (d) not permit any lien on the Property, except in favor to Lender; and (e) not
change its chief place of business, its name, its organizational structure or the place where Debtor keeps its records concerning the
Property without ten (10) days’ prior written notice to Lender.
5,2
Covenants Regarding Property. Without Lender's consent, Debtor shall (a) not commingle proceeds; (b) not sell,
transfer, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Property or proceeds (except as may otherwise be permitted herein or in
the Secured Loan Agreement) at any time, except to Lender or except in the ordinary course of business; (c) not modify, alter, amend,
or subordinate, or consent to or suffer any modification, alteration, amendment or subordination of, any of the Property, nor, through
action or failure to act, waive any of its rights thereunder; and (d) provide any service and do all other acts and things necessary to
keep the Property free and clear of all defenses, rights of off-set and counterclaims.
6.
Powers of Lender. Debtor appoints Lender its true attorney in fact to perform any of the following powers, which
are coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until termination of this Agreement and may be exercised from time to time by Lender's
officers and employees, or any of them upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in Section 8, below): (a) to notify any
person obligated on any security, instrument or other document subject to this Agreement of Lender's rights hereunder; (b) to collect
by legal proceedings or otherwise all interest, principal or other sums now or hereafter payable upon or on account of the Property; (c)
to insure, process and preserve the Property; (d) to perform any obligation of Debtor under this Agreement; and (c) to execute on
behalf of the Debtor or its affiliates all financing statements and renewal statements that may be necessary in Lender’s discretion to
perfect the security interests created by this instrument or otherwise. To effect the purposes of this Agreement, or otherwise upon
instructions of Debtor, Lender may cause the Property to be transferred to Lender's name or the name of Lender's nominee.
7.
Lender's Care and Delivery of Property. Lender's obligation with respect to Property in its possession shall be
strictly limited to the duty to exercise reasonable care in the custody and preservation of such Property. Lender shall have no duty to
take any steps necessary to preserve the rights of Debtors against prior parties, or to initiate any action to protect against the possibility
of decline in the market value of the Property or proceeds. Lender shall not be obligated to take any action with respect to the

1

