image of the System, including, without limitation, renovation or replacement of signs, equipment,
furnishings, fixtures and decor;
4.
you pay us a renewal fee at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial
term of this Agreement in an amount equal to Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($7,500) (the
“Renewal Fee”);
5.
you sign the standard Franchise Agreement then being used by us within thirty
(30) days of receipt, provided that you pay the Renewal Fee in lieu of the Initial Franchise Fee set forth in
the then-current Franchise Agreement. The terms of such Franchise Agreement may differ from this
Agreement, including higher fees and a modification to the Protected Territory based upon our then-current
methods of determining protected territories (and which may include a reduction in the Protected Territory);
6.
you present satisfactory evidence that you have the right to remain in possession
of the Franchised Location for the duration of the renewal term, unless we determine that the location of
your business is no longer viable for the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center, in which case we may
condition your right to renew on your obtaining a new site for your Anytime Fitness Center that we approve;
7.
your management staff successfully completes any refresher training prescribed by
us at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the term of this Agreement; and
8.
at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement to renew your franchise, you sign
and deliver to us a general release, in the form we prescribe, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted under
the laws of the state where your Anytime Fitness Center is located, all claims that you may have against us
and our affiliates and our respective current and former officers, directors, shareholders, employees,
insurers, consultants, contractors and agents, in both their corporate and individual capacities.
If you fail to timely comply with any provision of this Section 2.B, time being of the essence, we
will at all times thereafter be permitted to operate or license to someone else the right to operate an Anytime
Fitness center from any location in the Protected Territory, and you specifically grant to us and to the owner
of that center the right to contact the members and other customers of your Anytime Fitness Center, notify
them that you have chosen not to renew your relationship with us, and solicit those members and customers
to join a new Anytime Fitness center in the Protected Territory.
We recommend that you set aside One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) per month in an account to be
used as seed money to bring your Anytime Fitness Center up to current standards upon expiration of this
Agreement. We reserve the right to require you to pay these amounts to us to hold for you, but if we impose
this obligation, we will release the funds to you as needed for you to complete your obligation to renovate
and re-equip your Anytime Fitness Center. While we do not expect these funds will cover the entire cost of
both the remodeling and new equipment you will need, if we do collect these amounts and they exceed the
amount you need, we will refund the excess amounts to you upon completion of the renovation and reequipping and renewal of the Franchise.
3.

MARKS AND COPYRIGHTS

A.
Identity of Your Anytime Fitness Center. Your Anytime Fitness Center will be identified
by the trademark “Anytime Fitness®,” unless we specifically agree that your center will operate as a center
in a more rural area, under the name “Anytime Fitness Express®.”
B.
Ownership of Mark. You agree that we own the Marks and the System. You also agree
that any and all improvements and derivations by you relating to the Marks and System are our sole property

3

