COACHING SUITE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM
This Addendum is made and entered on as of the Effective Date set forth in the Rider attached to this
Addendum and is by and between Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC (“we” or “us”) and the Anytime
Fitness® franchisee identified in the Rider (“you”), and is an amendment to, and a part of, the Franchise
Agreement identified in the Rider (the “Franchise Agreement”). All capitalized terms used in this
Addendum not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement.
INTRODUCTION
You and we are parties to a Franchise Agreement under which you operate an Anytime Fitness® center
identified in the Rider (the “Center”). We have developed a proprietary personal SmartCoaching fitness,
nutrition and recovery suite of tools as it exists from time to time which currently includes an operations
and training manual, software analytics tools, forms and documents, videos, a video library, downloadable
programs and video support for program demonstrations (the “Coaching Suite”). We are incorporating
SmartCoaching into Anytime Fitness® centers via the Coaching Suite, and you will now be granted the
right and undertake the obligation to access and use SmartCoaching through use of the Coaching Suite at
your Center under the terms of this Addendum.
AGREEMENT
1.

DEFINITIONS.

a.
“Confidential Informational” means data and information: (i) relating to our business, regardless
of whether the data or information constitutes a trade secret; (ii) disclosed to you or of which you became
aware of as a consequence of your relationship with us; (iii) having value to us; (iv) not generally known
to our competitors; and (v) which includes trade secrets, methods of operation, names of customers, price
lists, financial information and projections, personnel data, operations, training and Coaching manuals,
forms and documents used to support the Coaching Suite, Coaching videos, quarterly work-outs, the
program design card, the exercise video library, downloadable programs, and similar information; provided,
however, that such term shall not mean data or information: (A) which we have been voluntarily disclosed
to the public, except where such public disclosure has been made by you without authorization from us;
(B) which has been independently developed and disclosed by others; or (C) which has otherwise entered
the public domain through lawful means.
b.
“Derivative Work” is any work that is based upon the Coaching Suite, such as an enhancement or
modification, revision, translation, abridgement, condensation, expansion, collection, compilation or any
other form in which such preexisting works may be recast, incorporated, transformed or adapted in whole
or in part.
c.
“Coaching Suite Fees” are the recurring monthly fees due from you for your use of the Coaching
Suite. As of the Effective Date, the Coaching Suite Fees are:
Number of Centers
1-3 centers
4-9 centers
10+ centers

Monthly Fee per Center
$149 per center
$109 per center
$109 per center for the first 9 centers, and $0
for each additional center thereafter

The Coaching Suite Fee is subject to change upon written notice; provided that it will not exceed $300 per

