Fitness Center. The Grand Opening Program must target prospective members throughout the Protected
Territory and meet the standards we establish from time to time.
You must spend a minimum amount on the Grand Opening Program as set forth on the Rider. The amounts
you spend on the Grand Opening Program are in addition to the General Advertising and Marketing Fees
(defined below) that you must pay to us. Upon request by us, you must provide us with a report itemizing
the amounts you spent on the Grand Opening Program. If you fail to spend the minimum required amount
on the Grand Opening Program, we may require you to pay the difference between what you should have
spent for the Grand Opening Program and what you actually spent into the General Advertising and
Marketing Fund.
B.
Advertising Fee. We have established a general advertising and marketing fund (the
“General Advertising and Marketing Fund”), and we require you to contribute each month to the General
Advertising and Marketing Fund (the “General Advertising and Marketing Fees”).
1.
The General Advertising and Marketing Fees are due on or before the first day of
each month. The first payment is not due until the month that begins immediately after the month that your
Anytime Fitness Center opens. Your obligation to pay the General Advertising and Marketing Fees
continues through the term of this Agreement. You will also pay the full amount of the General Advertising
and Marketing Fees for the last month of the term of this Agreement, regardless the actual termination date
of this Agreement.
2.
The General Advertising and Marketing Fees may be based on a flat fee, or the
number of members of your Anytime Fitness Center, or the square feet of your Anytime Fitness Center, or
any other formula we deem appropriate. The initial General Advertising and Marketing Fee for your
Anytime Fitness Center will be equal to Six Hundred Dollars ($600) per month. We reserve the right to
increase the General Advertising and Marketing Fees upon sixty (60) days’ written notice, provided,
however, that the General Advertising and Marketing Fee will not exceed the greater of Six Hundred
Dollars ($600) per month or two percent (2%) of Gross Revenue (which may be calculated on a weekly
basis).
3.
We may use General Advertising and Marketing Fund Fees for any purpose that
promotes the system, the Marks or the Anytime Fitness name as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion,
which may include the creation, production and placement of consumer advertising; purchase of marketing
related technology platforms, such as social medial management, asset management, and creation,
marketing automation and CRM and related consulting or development costs, market research, consumer
insights and analytics, brand tracking, voice of the consumer; agency costs and commissions; costs of
preparing, producing and conducting local, regional or national media of our choice, including: television,
radio, Internet, magazine, direct mail and newspaper, billboard, social media and digital advertising, and
direct mail campaigns, and other public relations activities; developing and/or hosting, maintaining and
optimizing our website, other websites, and other applications or similar activities; implementing keyword
or adword purchasing programs; administering regional or multi-regional advertising programs and other
media advertising; in-house staff assistance and related administrative costs; local and regional promotions;
public relations campaigns including the cost of retaining public relations firms and other advertising,
promotion or marketing agencies; developing marketing and advertising training programs and conducting
consumer and market research (including surveys and sampling) and secret shopper programs; and other
advertising, promotion and marketing activities, including participating at trade shows. For the avoidance
of any doubt, we may also reimburse ourselves, our authorized representatives or our affiliates from the
General Advertising and Marketing Fund for any expenses incurred by us or any of them related to the
promotion of the Anytime Fitness brand, the Marks or the system, including administrative costs,
independent audits, reasonable accounting, bookkeeping, reporting and legal expenses, taxes and all other

7

