1

To qualify for Veteran pricing, you must be a current member of the United States military, or a veteran who
received an honorable discharge from a branch of the United States military.

2

This pricing is available only to existing Anytime Fitness franchisees that are members of Club Purple.
Requirements for participation in Club Purple will vary from time to time, and are made available to our
franchisees that qualify for our then-current standards for participation in that program. Franchisees with 4 or
more Anytime Fitness centers must have a minimum of 25% of their clubs qualified for Club Purple in order to
receive this discount.

3

This pricing is available only to existing Anytime Fitness franchisees that are members of Club Platinum.
Requirements for participation in Club Platinum will vary from time to time, and are made available to our
franchisees that qualify for our then-current standards for participation in that program. Franchisees with 4 or
more Anytime Fitness centers must have 25% of their clubs qualified for Club Platinum in order to receive this
discount.

4

We offer Area Development Agreements to develop multiple centers. The development fees you pay when you
sign an Area Development Agreement will vary depending on the number of centers you commit to open, whether
you are an existing franchisee, and whether you qualify for the Veterans program.

If you sign an Area Development Agreement, the initial franchise fee is referred to as a Development Fee,
and you pay it in full, for all the centers you commit to open, when you sign the Area Development
Agreement. In all other cases, the initial franchise fee is due in full when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
All portions of the initial franchise fee (and Development Fee) are nonrefundable. The number of Anytime
Fitness centers we will allow you to open under an ADA may be limited by various factors, including the
capacity of the market in which you choose to develop.
You will have 12 months from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement to open and begin operating your
center. If you are actively working with our real estate team in locating a site or have signed a lease with
the assistance of our real estate team, we will waive the Monthly Fee until your Anytime Fitness center is
open.
In the last fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, our Initial Franchise Fees ranged from $22,500 to $42,500
depending on which category the franchise fit.
ProVision Technology Purchases
You must purchase certain technology components from our affiliate, ProVision, including certain
computer hardware, iPads, software and networking equipment, door readers, key fobs (either in hardware
or in digital form) or equivalent technology, security and surveillance system, fitness scanning and/or
monitoring equipment, sound system, and CCTV’s (collectively, the “Technology System”). You also
must have ProVision install the Technology System. The cost to purchase the Technology System package
currently ranges from $30,036 to $36,472, payable to our affiliate. These package prices include taxes,
shipping and installation costs, which we estimate will cost 38% of the package cost and which are payable
to vendors or government agencies. You may, but are not required to, purchase additional equipment from
ProVision to enhance the base Technology System package and you may be required to purchase additional
equipment if your club is larger than an average club in our system.
Coaching Suite
The Coaching Suite (as defined in Item 11) is a required element of the Anytime Fitness system and you
must implement it in your Anytime Fitness center. For new franchisees, the Coaching Suite Training
Program is provided as part of our initial training program. If you are an existing franchisee that will now
elect to offer the Coaching Suite at your center, and have not already attended training, then you must attend

FDD

9

