AF NUTRITION COACHING PROGRAM
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM
This Addendum is made and entered on as of the Effective Date set forth in the Rider attached to this
Addendum and is by and between Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC (“we” or “us”) and the Anytime
Fitness® franchisee identified in the Rider (“you”), and is an amendment to, and a part of, the Franchise
Agreement identified in the Rider (the “Franchise Agreement”). All capitalized terms used in this
Addendum not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement.
INTRODUCTION
You and we are parties to a Franchise Agreement under which you operate an Anytime Fitness® center
identified in the Rider (the “Center”). We have developed a voluntary AF Nutrition Coaching Program (the
“AF Nutrition Coaching Program”) as part of the suite of products and services offered as part of the AF
Nutrition offerings. We have licensed Stronger U, LLC’s personalized nutrition-based health coaching
services (“AF Nutrition”). We have permission from Stronger U, LLC to sublicense AF Nutrition and by
this Addendum are extending, on a limited basis, that license to participating Anytime Fitness clubs so that
participating clubs can offer the necessary training, tools, and resources to deliver nutrition coaching
directly to their members. This service will help participating clubs better serve their members by offering
integrated nutrition coaching services locally. We are incorporating AF Nutrition and the AF Nutrition
Coaching Program into Anytime Fitness® centers, and you will now be granted the right to offer the AF
Nutrition Program only at the Center(s) identified on the Rider to this Addendum, under the terms of this
Addendum. Multiple Centers may be identified on this Addendum only if they are under identical
ownership.
AGREEMENT
1.

DEFINITIONS.

a.
“Confidential Informational” means data and information: (i) relating to our business,
regardless of whether the data or information constitutes a trade secret; (ii) disclosed to you or of which
you became aware of as a consequence of your relationship with us; (iii) having value to us; (iv) not
generally known to our competitors; and (v) which includes trade secrets, methods of operation, names of
customers, price lists, financial information and projections, personnel data, operations, training and
manuals, forms and documents used to support the AF Nutrition Coaching Program, and similar
information; provided, however, that such term shall not mean data or information: (A) which we have been
voluntarily disclosed to the public, except where such public disclosure has been made by you without
authorization from us; (B) which has been independently developed and disclosed by others; or (C) which
has otherwise entered the public domain through lawful means.
b.
“Derivative Work” is any work that is based upon the AF Nutrition Coaching Program,
such as an enhancement or modification, revision, translation, abridgement, condensation, expansion,
collection, compilation or any other form in which such preexisting works may be recast, incorporated,
transformed or adapted in whole or in part.
c.
““Monthly Fees” are the recurring monthly fee due from you for your participation in the
AF Nutrition Coaching Program. The Monthly Fee is currently $149 per month. The Monthly Fees are
subject to change upon written notice but will not increase to more than $249 per month.

