informed regarding the status of the Credit Agreement, all advances of principal under the Credit Agreement, the in-balance or
out-of-balance nature of the Credit Agreement, and all other financial and other aspects of every nature pertaining to the Credit
Agreement. Lender will possess no obligation of any nature to provide Guarantor with any information regarding the status of the
Credit Agreement.
8.
Subrogation. To the extent Lender has not been paid in full with respect to any Obligations, Guarantor shall have no
right of subrogation and waives any right to enforce any remedy that Lender now has or may hereafter have against the Borrower and
any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by Lender. Guarantor shall not be a creditor with
respect to this Guaranty in any bankruptcy proceeding by or against the Borrower. Guarantor shall have neither a contingent nor a
non-contingent claim against the Borrower under this Guaranty.
9.
Subordination. Except as otherwise provided in this Paragraph, all existing and future indebtedness of the Borrower
to Guarantor or to any person owned in whole or in part by Guarantor, is hereby subordinated to the Obligations under the Credit
Agreement and, following an Event of Default without the prior written consent of Lender, such subordinated indebtedness shall not
be paid or withdrawn in whole or in part nor will Guarantor cause or permit any person owned in whole or in part by Guarantor to
accept any payment of or on account of any such indebtedness or as a withdrawal of capital while this Guaranty is in effect.
10,
Bankruptcy. Except as provided in Paragraph 8 above, Guarantor shall file in any bankruptcy or other proceeding in
which the filing of claims is required by law, all claims which Guarantor may have against the Borrower relating to any indebtedness
of the Borrower to Guarantor and will assign to Lender all rights of Guarantor thereunder, If Guarantor does not file any such claim,
Lender, as attorney-in-fact for Guarantor, is hereby authorized to do so in the name of Guarantor or, in Lender's discretion, to assign
the claim to a nominee and to cause proof of claim to be filed in the name of Lender's nominee. In all such cases, whether in
administration, bankruptcy or otherwise, the person or persons authorized to pay such claim shall pay to Lender the full amount hereof
and, to the full extent necessary for that purpose; Guarantor hereby assigns to Lender all of Guarantor’s rights to any such payment or
distributions to which Guarantor would otherwise be entitled.
11,

Application of Payment.

With or without notice to Guarantor, Lender, in Lender's sole reasonable discretion and at

any time and from time to time after an Event of Default and in such manner and upon such terms as Lender deems fit, may apply any
or all payments or recoveries from the Borrower or from any other guarantor or endorser under any other instrument or realized from
any security, in such manner and order of priority as Lender may reasonably determine.
12.
Cumulative Rights. The amount of Guarantor’s liability and all rights, powers and remedies of Lender hereunder
and under any other agreement now or at any time hereafter in force between Lender and Guarantor related to the Loan, including any
other guarantee executed by Guarantor relating to any indebtedness of the Borrower to Lender, shall be cumulative and not alternative
and such rights, powers and remedies shall be in addition to all rights, powers and remedies given to Lender by law.

13,

Independent Obligations.

The obligations of Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of the

Borrower and, in the event of any default hereunder, a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor
whether or not the Borrower is joined therein or a separate action or actions are brought against the Guarantor. In this regard,
Guarantor waives any right to require Lender to (a) proceed against the Borrower, (b) proceed against or exhaust any security held by
Lender for payment of the note executed by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, or (c) pursue any other remedy that
Lender has or to which it may be entitled. Without limiting the foregoing, Guarantor waives any necessity or requirement, substantive
or procedural, that an action previously be commenced or a judgment previously be rendered against the Borrower or any other person
or entity be joined in such cause or that a separate action be brought against the Borrower or any other person or entity, Lender may
maintain successive actions for any other Event of Default. Lender's rights hereunder shall not be exhausted by its exercise of any of
its rights or remedies or by any. such action or by any number of successive actions until and unless all sums owing to Lender in
connection with the Credit Agreement have been paid in full and all other obligations hereby guaranteed have been fully performed.
14.
Costs and Fees. Guarantor shall pay to Lender, promptly upon demand, reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys' fees and
all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and other expenses that Lender expends or incurs following an Event of Default in collecting or
compromising the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement or any other obligation hereby guaranteed or in enforcing this Guaranty
against Guarantor whether or not suit is filed, expressly including without limitation all reasonable out-of-pocket costs, attorneys' fees
and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement or similar proceedings
involving Guarantor that in any way affect the exercise by Lender of its rights and remedies hereunder.

