customer service, personal training, technology, staffing, and member experience. The same people who
provide the initial training, and are responsible for the initial training, will provide and be responsible for
this training. We do not charge you for this training, but we reserve the right to charge for this training in
the future. The materials we use for this training are developed annually from a variety of sources.
Although we do not have any obligation to provide any other training or services to you, we generally hold
a conference every other year. The conference may be live or a virtual event. We require a Principal Owner
of your business to attend our conference. If that person does not attend the conference, you will be billed
for the “early bird” Conference Fee following the conference. If applicable, you must also pay your own
travel and hotel expenses to attend the conference.
Managers Onboarding Training: We offer an onboarding training curriculum that covers our proprietary
operations in personal training, nutrition, recovery, marketing and sales for your club managers. Courses
are offered online via our learning platform and by webinar. We do not currently require you to ensure that
your managers complete this training, but we may do so in the future. This training is currently offered at
no cost to you, but we reserve the right to charge for it in the future.
Coaches Onboarding Training: We offer an onboarding training curriculum that covers our proprietary
“Coaching Suite” operations in personal training, nutrition, and recovery for your coaching staff. Courses
are offered online via our learning platform and by webinar. We do not currently require you to ensure that
your coaching staff complete this training, but we may do so in the future. This training is currently offered
at no cost to you, but we reserve the right to charge for it in the future.
Site Selection and Opening
You will be given the right to open a Anytime Fitness center at a location that we agree on. You will have
12 months from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement to secure a location we approve and open and
begin operating your Anytime Fitness center and we expect that you will have signed a lease within six
months of signing the Franchise Agreement. We will provide you with specifications to assist you in
evaluating and selecting a site for your Anytime Fitness center and may provide you recommendations on
sites. It is your obligation to select a site for your business and obtain our approval of that site. While we
will assist you, and we may identify various potential sites in your market area, we have no obligation to
locate or select a site for you, or negotiate the purchase or lease of a site, and we do not own the premises
and lease them to you. Before you acquire any site, you must submit to us information and materials we
require and obtain our approval to your site. The factors we take into account in approving a site are the
visibility of the site, the retail feel of the site, the location of competitors, whether the site is easily
accessible, surrounding businesses and various other factors. The recommended size of an Anytime Fitness
center is 4,000 to 6,300 square feet. If you and we are unable to agree on a site, the opening of your Anytime
Fitness center may be delayed.
As described in Items 7 and 8, we offer Construction Management Services for the build-out of your
Anytime Fitness center. As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we do not require that you
participate in the Construction Management Services program. However, we may transition the
Construction Management Services program to a mandatory program. If this occurs, you must purchase
Construction Management Services if you have not already signed a Franchise Agreement with us or have
not commenced the construction of your Anytime Fitness center.
You may not initially open your Anytime Fitness center until you have completed all your pre-opening
obligations and have obtained our approval to the opening. We expect the typical length of time between
the signing of your Franchise Agreement and the opening of your Anytime Fitness center to be between 9
and 12 months. Some factors which may affect this timing are the competition for sites in your market,
your ability to acquire space for your center through lease or purchase negotiations, your ability to secure

FDD

35

