WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND
RELATED AGREEMENTS
The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and modify the
Franchise Disclosure Document, the franchise agreement, and all related agreements regardless of anything
to the contrary contained therein. This Addendum applies if: (a) the offer to sell a franchise is accepted in
Washington; (b) the purchaser of the franchise is a resident of Washington; and/or (c) the franchised
business that is the subject of the sale is to be located or operated, wholly or partly, in Washington.
1.

A surety bond in the amount of $100,000 has been obtained by the Franchisor. The Washington
Securities Division has made the issuance of the Franchisor’s permit contingent upon the
Franchisor maintaining surety bond coverage acceptable to the Administrator until (a) all
Washington Franchisees have (i) received all initial training that they are entitled to under the
franchise agreement or offering circular, and (ii) are open for business; or (b) the Administrator
issues written authorization to the contrary.

2.

Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise
Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.

3.

Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the franchise agreement
or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor, including in the areas of
termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions that supersede the
franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor.
Franchise agreement provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise
Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.

4.

Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation involving a
franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of
Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as
determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if
litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or
proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

5.

General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or related agreements
purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except when executed
pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are
represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, any such
release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a franchise is likewise void
except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2).

6.

Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the franchise agreement
or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims
under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under the Act
such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.

7.

Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s
reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.

Anytime Fitness
State Addenda to Franchise Agreement (03/2025)

