arbitration of disputes arising under franchise agreements, if any; otherwise, the general rules of commercial
arbitration).
2.
The arbitrator appointed must have at least ten (10) years’ experience in
franchising or franchise law, and the arbitrator will be instructed that he or she must follow the substantive
law and the other requirements, waivers and limitations of this Agreement. The arbitrator shall have no
authority to add, delete or modify in any manner the terms and provisions of this Agreement. However, if
an arbitrator, notwithstanding the foregoing, determines that any contractual limitations period provided for
in this Agreement is not applicable or enforceable, then the parties agree to be bound by the provision of
any statute of limitations which would otherwise be applicable to the controversy, dispute or claim which
is the subject of any arbitration proceeding initiated hereunder. All findings, judgments, decisions and
awards of the arbitrator will be limited to the dispute or controversy set forth in the written demand for
arbitration and response to that demand. The arbitrator may not award any relief that was not specifically
requested by the parties prior to the start of the arbitration hearing. The arbitrator will have the right to
award or include in any award the specific performance of this Agreement, but will be required to file a
reasoned brief with his or her award.
3.
You and we each agree that any award from the arbitrator may be appealed under
the Optional Appellate Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.
4.
You and we acknowledge that judgment upon an arbitration order may be entered
in any court of competent jurisdiction and will be binding, final, and nonappealable, except for mistakes of
law, as permitted under the United States Arbitration Act or for failure of the arbitrator to meet the
requirements of this Section 18.D.
5.
Unless this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the provisions of
Paragraphs 15 or 16, during the pendency of any arbitration proceeding, you and we will fully perform the
requirements of this Agreement.
6.
If there is any dispute as to whether a particular claim or matter is subject to
arbitration, and the matter relates to an issue for which either party seeks an injunction in accordance with
the provisions of Section 18.A, the arbitrability of such claim will be determined by the court that would
otherwise hear the motion to issue the injunction. In the case of a dispute as to the arbitrability of any other
claim brought by either party against the other, the decision as to whether or not the claim is subject to
arbitration will be made by the arbitrator appointed in accordance with this Agreement.
7.
All arbitration proceedings will be individual proceedings between you and us, and
will not be conducted on a “class” basis, or include any other of our franchisees as named parties unless
you and we each agree.
If, after either you or we institute an arbitration proceeding, one or the other asserts a claim, counterclaim
or defense, the subject matter of which, under statute or current judicial decision, is nonarbitrable for public
policy reasons, the party against whom the claim, counterclaim or defense is asserted may elect to proceed
with the arbitration of all arbitrable claims, counterclaims or defenses or proceed to litigate all claims,
counterclaims or defenses in a court having competent jurisdiction.
E.
Waiver of Punitive Damages. We and you (and your owners and guarantors if applicable)
agree to waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to, or claim for, any punitive or exemplary
damages against the other and against any affiliates, owners, employees, or agents of the other and agree
that in the event of a dispute between us, each of us will be limited to the recovery of any actual damages
sustained by it.

35

