12.

you fail to comply with our requirements for securing real estate.

B.
With Notice and Failure to Cure. Except for those defaults provided for under Section 14.A
above, you will be in default hereunder for any failure to maintain or comply with any of the terms,
covenants, specifications, standards, procedures or requirements imposed by this Agreement or any other
agreement you or any of your affiliates have with us or with any of our affiliates, or in any Manual, policy
or procedure statement or other written document provided by us, or to carry out the terms of this Agreement
in good faith. Before we terminate this Agreement as a result of such defaults, we will provide you with
thirty (30) days written notice of your default. If the defaults specified in such notice are not cured within
the thirty (30) day period (either by you or by any financial institution that has loaned money to you or to
your business), we may terminate this Agreement upon the expiration of the thirty (30) day period without
further notice. Such defaults will include, without limitation, the occurrence of any of the following events:
1.
you fail to construct, remodel, and commence operating your Anytime Fitness
Center within the time provided for in this Agreement;
2.
you fail, refuse, or neglect to promptly pay when due any monies owing to us, our
affiliates, to the General Advertising and Marketing Fund, or to other creditors you have, or to submit the
financial or other information required under this Agreement;
3.
a threat or danger to public health or safety results from the construction,
maintenance, or operation of the Anytime Fitness Center;
4.
you offer or sell non-approved products or services or offer or sell products or
services via a medium we have not approved; or
5.
you, by act or omission in connection with the operation of your Anytime Fitness
Center, permit a continuing violation of any applicable law, ordinance, rule, or regulation of a governmental
body; provided, however, that if such act or omission damages the goodwill associated with the System or
the Marks, we will have the right to terminate this Agreement if you do not cure such default within twentyfour (24) hours after notice from us.
C.
Standard Default Fee. In addition to our right to terminate the Franchise Agreement, if you
breach your obligations under this Agreement and fail to cure the default within the applicable cure period
provided above, you must pay us our then-current “Standard Default Fee” until the default is cured in order
to offset our costs incurred to address the default. The Standard Default Fee is in addition to any fee that
the PCC may levy against you or any other costs or damages we may incur as a result of the breach.
D.
Applicable Law. If the provisions of this Section 14 are inconsistent with applicable law,
the applicable law will apply.
E.
Pre-termination Options. Prior to the termination of this Agreement, if you fail to pay any
amounts owed to us or our affiliates, fail to comply with any term of this Agreement, or notify us that your
Anytime Fitness Center is closing, then in addition to our right to terminate this Agreement or to bring a
claim for damages, we have the option to:
1.
prohibit you from selling paid-in-full memberships, or any membership with a
term of more than one (1) year;
2.
or approved by us;

remove the listing of your Anytime Fitness Center from all advertising published

28

