1.
Promptly after you have obtained possession of the site for your Anytime Fitness
Center, you will: (i) retain the services of our designated architectural vendor to create a complete set of
detailed construction documents in strict accordance with the Compliance Drawing and our Mandatory
Specifications (“Construction Documents”), and to complete construction of your Anytime Fitness Center
in accordance with such Construction Documents; (ii) retain the services of a general contractor; (iii) have
prepared and submitted for our approval a site survey and basic architectural plans and specifications
consistent with our Mandatory Specifications; (iv) purchase or lease, and then, in the construction of your
Anytime Fitness Center, use only the building materials, equipment, fixtures, furniture and signs we have
approved; (v) complete the construction and/or remodeling, equipment, fixtures, furniture and signage lease
in decorating your Anytime Fitness Center in full and strict compliance with the plans and specifications
we approve, and with all applicable ordinances, building codes and permit requirements without any
alterations; (vi) obtain all customary contractors’ sworn statements and partial and final waivers; and
(vii) obtain all necessary permits, licenses and architectural seals and comply with applicable legal
requirements relating to the building, signs, equipment and premises, including, but not limited to, the
Americans With Disabilities Act.
2.
We may designate a construction management services vendor to assist you in
submitting, processing, monitoring and obtaining in a timely manner all necessary construction documents,
licenses and permits, and to assist you through construction. If we require you to use a designated vendor
for construction management services, you must pay such vendor the then-current fee for construction
management services. We may transition the construction management services to a mandatory program
for all franchisees.
3.
If this Franchise Agreement is signed as part of the transfer of an existing franchise,
or renewal of an existing franchise, then the construction required under this Section 9.A shall be the
renovation of your Anytime Fitness Center in accordance with the provisions of the predecessor franchise
agreement. If, at our sole discretion, we allow you to complete the renovation after signing this Agreement,
the renovation must be completed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9.A by the date set forth
in the Rider.
4.
If your Anytime Fitness Center is not constructed strictly according to the plans
we have approved and our Mandatory Specifications, we may not approve you to open for business. If we
do not approve your opening, you will have thirty (30) days from the date we deny our approval for opening
to correct all the construction problems so that your Anytime Fitness Center is strictly constructed according
to our approved plans. If you fail to correct the problems within this 30-day period, we may immediately
terminate this Agreement. If your Anytime Fitness Center opening is delayed for these or any other reasons,
you will be responsible for any losses or costs relating to such delay. In any event, you may not open your
Anytime Fitness Center until all of these problems have been resolved to our satisfaction and if the time
period to correct the problems extends past the Required Opening Date you will only have to the Required
Opening Date to correct the problems.
5.
You will make no changes to any building plan, design, layout or decor, or any
equipment or signage in your Anytime Fitness Center without our prior written consent, and such changes
may not be contrary to the Mandatory Specifications.
B.
Signs. You will prominently display, at your expense, both on the interior and exterior of
your Anytime Fitness Center premises, signs in such form, color, number, location and size, and containing
such Marks as we designate. We also may require you to use illuminated signs. You will obtain all permits
and licenses required for such signs and will also be responsible for ensuring that all signs comply with all
laws and ordinances. You will not display in or upon your Anytime Fitness Center premises any sign or

13

