R.
Coaching Suite. You are required to use our proprietary Coaching Suite (“Coaching
Suite”), which will assist you to develop, deliver and maintain a coaching program that may include
personal training, small group training and/or large group training, as well as nutrition and recovery
coaching for your Anytime Fitness Center. If you directly or through an affiliate own and operate additional
Anytime Fitness Centers, you also must offer the Coaching Suite programming at these additional Anytime
Fitness Centers, and sign our then-current Coaching Suite addendum, pay the additional Coaching Suite
fees, and successfully complete any training we require.
We may modify the Coaching Suite at any time. Currently, the Coaching Suite will assist you with
implementing a training program, that may include personal training, small group training and/or large
group training, as well as nutrition and recovery coaching. These services may be provided to your
members in person or in a virtual format that we approve. We will assist you with setting pricing, training
your trainers, creating group sessions, and providing ongoing coaching and personal training programming.
We may require credentialing of your trainers and/or health coaches. We may provide virtual health or
nutrition coaching to your members for a fee paid to us by your members. We may require you to offer
physical therapy and nutrition coaching services either directly or through third parties. If we do, you may
be required to use one or more of our designated vendors to provide these services, purchase additional
equipment or technology, and provide additional training to your staff. You must comply with any other
policies or procedures we may establish concerning the Coaching Suite. Access to the Coaching Suite is
included in your Monthly Fees.
We will provide our Coaching Suite training to your Principal Operator if you are an existing
franchisee that will now elect to offer the Coaching Suite in your existing Anytime Fitness center(s), and
you have not already successfully completed this training program. This training is offered virtually. You
must pay our then-current Coaching Suite Training fee. You may also send additional individuals to
participate in the Coaching Suite Training for our then-current Coaching Suite Training fee.
S.
Visits. A representative of ours may make visits to your Anytime Fitness Center to ensure
compliance with all required standards, specifications and procedures. Our representative will be allowed
to inspect the condition and operation of your Anytime Fitness Center and all areas of your Anytime Fitness
Center at any time during your business hours. Such inspections may include, without limitation,
conducting any type of audit or review necessary to evaluate your compliance with all required payments,
standards, specifications or procedures. We may, from time to time, make suggestions and give mandatory
instructions with respect to your operation of your Anytime Fitness Center, as we consider necessary or
appropriate to ensure compliance with the then-current quality standards of the System and to protect the
goodwill and image of the System. You expressly agree that these visits will not imply that you are in
compliance with your obligations under this Agreement or under the law or that we waive our right to
require strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement or the Manual. Furthermore, such visits will not
create any responsibility or liability in our part. If you request that we make additional visits to your
Anytime Fitness Center, you will pay the fees we establish for such visits. You will also allow us to visit
your Anytime Fitness Center with prospective franchisees during your business hours.
T.
Notices of Default: Lawsuits or Other Claims. You will immediately notify us of, and
deliver to us a copy of any notice regarding, a breach, default, claim, lawsuit, administrative or agency
proceedings or investigations, or other actions or proceedings relating to your Anytime Fitness Center.
Upon request from us, you will provide such additional information as may be required by us regarding the
same.
U.
Your Dealings With Us and Our Affiliates. You acknowledge that when we are required
to perform any services for you, we may use any third parties, including affiliates of ours, to perform those
services. We may designate another party to perform, or delegate to another party the performance of, our

20

