Anytime Fitness, LLC and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(in thousands of US dollars)
Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 consist of sales
tax payables, customer deposits, and accruals for general operating and payroll related expenses.
Accrued expenses are recognized when obligations are incurred, even if not yet invoiced, and are
settled in the normal course of business.
Income Taxes
The Company is treated as a single member limited liability company (LLC) that is treated as a
disregarded entity for tax purposes. As such, the Company’s income, losses, and credits are
included in the income tax returns of Purpose Brands Holdings LLC.
The Company has evaluated its tax positions and related income tax under the Financial
Accounting Standards Board’s (FASB) authoritative guidance Accounting for Income Taxes.
Management believes that since the Company is taxed as an LLC, there is not a significant impact
on the Company as a result of implementing this standard. Therefore, no provision or liability for
federal or state income taxes has been included in these financial statements. A provision has
been made, however, for state minimum fees and other state taxes which are applicable to all
entities.
The Company recognizes the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if those positions are
more likely than not of being sustained. The Company is not currently under examination by any
taxing jurisdiction and management believes there are no uncertain income tax positions taken
which would require the Company to reflect a liability for unrecognized tax positions. The periods
subject to examination are tax years subsequent to 2020. In the event of any future penalties or
interest, the Company has elected to record interest and penalties as income tax expense on the
Company’s consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
Revenue From Contracts with Franchisees and Members
Revenue Recognition Significant Accounting Policies Under ASC 606
The Company's revenues are comprised of franchise royalties, advertising fund contributions, initial
franchise fees, area development fees, master franchise fees, transfer and renewal fees,
corporate-owned fitness center sales, vendor rebates, managed technology services, product and
equipment sales, and other revenues.
Franchise Revenue
Franchise revenues consist primarily of franchise royalties, franchise fees, advertising fund
contributions, and consumer fitness, health, and wellness applications. Franchise fees consist of
initial franchise fees, area development agreement (“ADA”) fees, master franchise fees, area
representative fees, and transfer and renewal fees.
The Company's primary performance obligation under the franchise agreement is granting certain
rights to use the Company's intellectual property over the term of each agreement. The Company
has certain pre-opening services, including training and construction management, that are
provided as part of the franchise agreement. These pre-opening activities are considered distinct
from the franchise license and are therefore recognized upon opening of the franchise.
The Company has elected the FASB’s practical expedient related to pre-opening activities and
does not analyze each separate activity as its own distinct performance obligation. The franchise
fees remaining after any pre-opening performance obligations have been satisfied are recognized
on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective agreement.

12

