b. intermingle fees associated with an Associations’ transactions with fees associated with other Card
transactions in its pricing;
c. submit any transaction to ABC that was previously charged back and subsequently returned to the Client,
irrespective of Cardholder approval;
d. knowingly submit any transaction that is illegal or that the Client should have known was illegal. Client
acknowledges that such transaction must be legal in both Cardholder’s and Client’s jurisdiction;
e. submit a transaction that it knows, or should have known is either fraudulent or not authorized by the
Cardholder;
f.

require a Cardholder to complete a postcard or similar device that includes the Cardholder’s account number,
card expiration date, signature, or any other Card account data in plain view when mailed, nor request a Card
Verification Value 2 (“CVV2”) for a card-present transaction, nor retain or store any portion of the magneticstripe data subsequent to the authorization of a sales transaction, nor any other data prohibited by the
Operating Regulations or this Addendum, including CVV2;

g. add a surcharge to transactions, except as expressly permitted by, and in full compliance with, the Operating
Regulations;
h. charge a minimum or maximum amount for a transaction unless expressly authorized by, and in full
compliance with, the Operating Regulations;
i.

disburse funds in the form of cash unless Client is participating in full compliance with a program supported
by an Association for such cash disbursements and in full compliance with the Operating Regulations;

j.

submit a transaction that does not result from an act between the Cardholder and the Client;

k. accept a Card issued by a U.S. Issuer to collect or refinance an existing debt, unless expressly authorized by,
and in full compliance with, Operating Regulations;
l.

request or use a Card account number for any purpose other than as payment for its goods or services; and

m. add any tax to transactions, unless applicable law expressly requires that a Client be permitted to impose a
tax. In such event, any tax amount, if allowed, must be included in the transaction amount and not collected
separately.”
C.

Applicable to ABC Merchant Agreements for Clients participating in the American Express OptBlue Program. The
following will only apply to Client’s participation in the American Express Program, as controlled by the American
Express OptBlue Program Operating Regulations. (Capitalized terms below are defined in the American Express
Operating Guide or the American Express OptBlue Program Operating Regulations):
a. Client must comply with and accept Cards in accordance with, the terms of its BSA and the American Express
Merchant Operating Guide, as such terms may be amended from time to time.
b. Client acknowledges that the American Express Merchant Operating Guide is incorporated by reference into
this Agreement (and is available online at the following web link: https://icm.aexpstatic.com/content/dam/gms/en_us/optblue/us-mog.pdf).
c. Client expressly authorizes ABC to submit transactions to, and receive settlement from, American Express on
behalf of the Client.
d. Client expressly consents (i) to ABC collecting and disclosing Transaction Data, Client Data, and other
information about the Client to American Express; and (ii) to American Express using such information to
perform its responsibilities in connection with the Program, promote the American Express Network, perform
analytics and create reports, and for any other lawful business purposes, including commercial marketing

www.abcfitness.com

