attack, nonperformance of ABC’s vendors or suppliers, acts of God, or other causes over which ABC has no
reasonable control.
20. Jury Waiver. THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS EITHER OF THEM
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT.
21. Franchisee. Client is a franchisee of Anytime Fitness, LLC (“AF”) and has certain obligations pursuant to its
franchise agreement with AF (the “Franchise Agreement”). Client understands and agrees that ABC may share
information with AF regarding Client’s franchised operations and receive instructions from AF to assist Client in
complying with the Franchise Agreement, including without limit, instructions for ABC to withhold “Information” (as
defined in the Franchise Agreement) from Client and provide it to AF. Client also authorizes ABC to refund any
amounts owed by Client to its members, whether under the terms of its membership agreements with members or
under the Franchise Agreement, and to deduct such refunds from remittances owing to Client. Client agrees to
indemnify, defend and hold ABC harmless from and against any loss, liability or cost ABC may incur as a result of its
compliance with such instructions and refund provisions, unless such loss, liability or cost is caused by the gross
negligence or intentional misconduct of ABC. Furthermore, in the event that the Franchise Agreement is terminated
for any reason, or Client’s health and fitness club is closed for any reason, ABC may automatically stop billing
members of such club and Client shall use its reasonable best efforts to provide ABC with notice of any such
termination or closure at least two weeks prior thereto.
22. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Arkansas. Any litigation brought
hereunder shall be brought only in a state or federal court of general jurisdiction in Pulaski County, Arkansas and the
parties consent and submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The relationship created by this Agreement is one
between independent contractors and nothing contained herein shall be deemed to create a partnership, agency,
franchise or employment relationship. Subject to Section 1, neither party hereto shall have the authority to bind the
other without separate written consent. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter contemplated thereby and supersedes all prior written or oral
understandings and agreements between the parties in connection therewith. Subject to ABC’s right to adjust fees
contained herein, no provision of this Agreement may be modified waived, or terminated except by instrument in
writing executed by the party against whom a modification, waiver, or termination is sought to be enforced. This
Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties and is not for the benefit of any third party. This Agreement shall
extend to and be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the parties; provided,
however, that Client shall not assign or attempt to assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of ABC,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld. ABC shall not be required to consent to such assignment unless and until
the assignee agrees to be bound by this Agreement and provides proper payment instructions and the assigning
party does not owe ABC any monetary or other obligation. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained herein, shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of the Agreement, and in lieu of such invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as part of the Agreement a provision as similar in
terms to such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid, legal, and enforceable
thereafter. It is expressly agreed and understood that this document may be executed in multiple counterparts and
with multiple signature pages and that all signature pages, when attached to and assembled with this document,
shall constitute and comprise a single document that is enforceable against all parties on all signature pages in
accordance with this document's terms. All provisions of this Agreement which by their terms are intended to survive
and be performed subsequent to the termination of this Agreement shall so survive, including, without limitation,

www.abcfitness.com

