establish or have established any digital or electronic medium or method of communication, including a
website, web page, review or opinion page, social media and/or social networking site, channel, avatar,
profile, including an online business profile, business networking site, account, hashtag, user name or
application, whether web-based or otherwise, relating to or making reference to us or the Marks, your
Anytime Fitness Center, or to the System (each, a “Social Media Presence”). You may not use all or part
of any of the Marks, or any similar name, word, symbol, or variant thereof, in a domain name, email address,
account name, username, profile, or URL (each, an “Online Identifier”). We reserve the right at any time,
in its sole discretion, to require you to remove, delete, or modify any Online Identifier or Social Media
Presence, or any information, content, or post thereon or created therewith. We will retain sole ownership
of any Online Identifier and Social Media Presence, as well as any domain name related thereto and all
content thereon or created therewith, which includes all or a portion of any of the Marks, or any word,
phrase, or symbol confusingly similar thereto or variant thereof, as part of the Online Identifier. You must
provide us with all passwords and administrative access to any such Social Media Presence or Online
Identifier. You shall not establish or maintain, or have established or maintained on its behalf, a mobile
application making use of any of the Marks or otherwise related to the Anytime Fitness Center or the
System. You shall not use any of the Marks in any keyword advertising, pay-per-click advertising or other
search engine marketing, unless otherwise approved by us.
However, you must participate in any Internet website, home page, web pages, electronic mail, social media
sites, applications, web-based or otherwise, online platforms, and other current or future forms of electronic
communications that we require (collectively the “Technology Platforms”), as described in the Manual or
otherwise in writing. You must use the Technology Platforms to communicate with us, including email and
messaging. To the extent that you may control or access any Technology Platform, the Technology
Platforms must be operated and maintained by you in compliance with all provisions of this Agreement,
including those regarding the use of confidential and proprietary information, as well as any and all
operating procedures, policies, standards and requirements as we may specify from time to time. You must
maintain any Technology Platform you control or access in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and
regulations, including but not limited to those applicable to copyright and trademark, privacy, antidefamation, and advertising and endorsements. You must submit all content for any Technology Platform
to us for our prior written approval before using such content. You must pay us or our designee (which
may be our affiliate) the then-current fees for the access to, modification of and maintenance of the
Technology Platforms. We may modify, suspend, replace, discontinue or add to any Technology Platforms
at any time and you must comply with such changes at your expense. We retain sole ownership of the
Technology Platforms, including any domains names, content, email addresses and information stored on
the Technology Platforms. Your access to the Technology Platforms will automatically terminate upon
expiration or termination of this Agreement. You hereby release and agree to hold us, our officers and
directors, harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, damages, or causes of action of any nature,
arising from, or in connection with, the creation, operation, or maintenance of the Technology Platform,
unless such liability arises out of our gross negligence or intentional acts.
I.
Compliance with Our Standards. You will operate your Anytime Fitness Center through
strict adherence to any mandatory standards, specifications and policies of the System as they exist from
time to time, in order to ensure compliance with the quality standards of the System. You may offer and
sell from your Anytime Fitness Center only those products and services that we approve and only in the
manner in which we approve. You may not offer or sell at your Anytime Fitness Center or otherwise, any
products or services we have not approved nor may you offer or sell any products or services via a method
or medium we have not approved, including via the Internet, live-streaming or recordings, or via an
application, whether web-based or otherwise, without our prior, express approval. We have the right to
change the products and services that we require you to offer from your Anytime Fitness Center at any
time, without limitation. We reserve the right to make any new products or services required products and
service offerings in the future and you may be required to use with one or more of our designated vendors

16

