We may increase the amount and calculation of the Base Technology Fee ten percent (10%) annually.
Adjustments are compounded annually and cumulative including increases in any given year of greater than
ten percent (10%) to adjust for prior years when no increase, or an increase of less than the permitted
percentage increase, was implemented. The Base Technology Fee may not include the rights to any required
digital media content for in-club display. Although not currently required, you may be required to purchase
rights to display this digital content in your Anytime Fitness Center during the term of this Agreement.
6.
We will have the right at all times to access the Information System and to retrieve,
analyze, download and use all software, data and files stored or used on the Information System. We may
access the Information System in your Anytime Fitness Center or from other locations. You will store all
data and information on the Information System.
7.
As upgrades to the hardware and/or software are developed, we may require you
to obtain and install any or all of these upgrades. You are responsible for the cost of all upgrades, including
any initial and/or ongoing license, support or service fees.
8.
You must have e-mail and high-speed Internet access capabilities at your Anytime
Fitness Center. We or our affiliate will provide you with an email address and inbox as part of the
Information System. You may only obtain email addresses and inboxes for use in connection with your
Anytime Fitness Center from us, our affiliate, or our designee. We may require you to use one or more
designated vendors and/or software programs, which may include the Club Management Software, to
manage automated emails, text messages, and one to one communications to your members and prospective
members.
9.
You are solely responsible for protecting yourself from disruptions, Internet access
failures, Internet content failures, and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders and you waive
any and all claims you may have against us or our affiliates as the direct or indirect result of such disruptions,
failures or attacks. If you suspect or know of a security breach, you must immediately give notice of such
security breach and promptly identify and remediate the source of any compromise of security breach at
your expense. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of breach or compromise and all duties
to monitor credit histories and transactions concerning customers of the Anytime Fitness Center, unless
otherwise directed by us.
F.
Billing and Payment Processing Services. We have the right to designate one or more
approved vendors and/or software programs, which may include the Club Management Software, for billing
and payment processing services. We may designate different vendors for payment of different services.
You must use the vendor(s) that we designate (or one of the approved vendors if we designate more than
one) for all your billing and payment processing. You must pay the designated vendor their customary
charges for these billing and payment processing services, as well as their customary charges for all other
ancillary services they provide.
G.
Indemnification. You hereby release and agree to hold us and our affiliates, and our
respective officers and directors, harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, damages, or causes
of action of any nature arising from, or in connection with, the installation, maintenance, or operation of
the Information System and its billing and payment processing, except to the extent arising from such
party’s gross negligence or intentional acts.
H.
Technology Platforms. Except as described in the Manual or otherwise in writing, we
reserve the sole right to advertise the System on the Internet and to offer and sell any products or services
via the Internet, including via live-stream, recordings, or any mobile or electronic application, whether webbased or otherwise (or any current or future form of electronic platform or communication). You may not

15

