transfer the registration to your Principal Operator, but to no other person. Additional representatives of
yours may also attend the conference, as long as you register them and pay the registration fee for their
attendance. You must also pay for all travel and living expenses incurred by you and your representatives
in attending the conference. If you fail to register for our conference, we will bill you for the “early bird”
(or similar) conference fee after the conference.
E.
Additional Training. We will make available additional training which we deem advisable
to familiarize you and your management team on changes and updates in the System. We will also make
available training for your coaching staff to familiarize them with our proprietary Coaching Suite for
personal training, physical therapy, nutrition and recovery. These additional training programs may be
optional or required. You must pay us our then-current fee for such additional training programs plus the
cost of travel, lodging and meals.
F.
Continuing Engagement Credits. Each calendar year that your Anytime Fitness Center is
open, you must obtain at least one thousand two hundred (1,200) continuing engagement credits within the
Anytime Fitness system. These are credits we will establish from time to time for attending various training
programs, and for other participations in the Anytime Fitness system. If you fail to meet this requirement
in any year, you must pay a fee of One Dollar ($1.00) for each credit for which you are deficient, which we
will deposit in the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. (The minimum required credits do not
increase for each franchise you own, but if you do not meet the minimum credit requirement, the fee is
payable with respect to each franchise agreement containing this provision.) The fee is due the first quarter
of the following year. The number of required credits will be prorated for any partial year your Anytime
Fitness Center is open.
G.
Manual. We will loan you one copy of the manual in which we describe the System
operational policies, standards, requirements and practices (the “Manual”). The Manual may be loaned to
you by providing you access to an electronic version of the Manual. The Manual contains mandatory and
suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures that we have developed for Anytime Fitness
centers and information relating to other obligations of you. You will comply with and operate your
Anytime Fitness Center in conformance with all mandatory provisions of the Manual. We have the right
to revise the Manual at any time or add additional manuals. You will incorporate all revisions into the
Manual, and at all times the Manual (including any additional manuals) will remain on the premises of your
Anytime Fitness Center. You will not make copies of any portion of the Manual without our prior written
consent. You acknowledge that the required provisions of the Manual are designed to protect our standards
and systems and our Marks and to create a uniform customer experience, and not to control the day-to-day
operation of your Anytime Fitness Center.
H.
Ongoing Assistance. During the operation of your Anytime Fitness Center, we will make
available to you from time to time all changes, improvements and additions to the System and all
supplements and modifications to the Manual, and assign you a franchise business consultant or other
contact to support the opening of your Anytime Fitness Center.
I.
Additional On-Site Training; On-Site Relaunch Training.
If you need additional
operations training or are a new franchisee of the Anytime Fitness system and you purchase an existing
Anytime Fitness Center, we will send a representative to your Anytime Fitness Center for up to six (6) days
of required, on-site training for you and your staff. The exact length of on-site training is at our discretion.
You must pay our then-current fee for this on-site training, which includes the cost of travel, lodging and
meals, and we will adjust this fee periodically, as described in the Manual. You must provide certain
documents related to the existing Anytime Fitness Center’s performance at least fourteen (14) days in
advance of the on-site training visit. If you fail to timely provide the requested documents, you must re-

11

