we and our affiliates have the right to grant other franchises or licenses and to operate company or affiliate
owned fitness studios/businesses (including Anytime Fitness centers) at locations outside the Protected
Territory even if they compete with your Anytime Fitness Center for customers or members, (ii) we and
our affiliates have the right to grant other franchises or licenses and to operate company or affiliate-owned
fitness studios/businesses (including Anytime Fitness centers) within private establishments located within
the Protected Territory, provided that access to those centers is limited to employees of the business, or
transient guests of the business who, in either case, would not have any reciprocity with any other Anytime
Fitness center as a result of their use or membership in this private center, (iii) we and our affiliates have
the right to operate, and to grant franchises or licenses to others to operate, fitness studios/businesses and
any other business from locations within and outside the Protected Territory under trademarks other than
the Marks, including, without limitation, health club membership promotion services, or health club billing
services, without compensation to you, provided; however, that with respect to this clause (iii), we and our
affiliates will not operate fitness centers within the Protected Territory, or grant franchises or licenses to
others to operate fitness centers within the Protected Territory, unless we do so after we or our affiliates
acquire, or merge with, another business that operates or grants franchises to operate fitness centers, or after
we are acquired by such a business, in which case we may do so, provided we do not operate those fitness
centers in the Protected Territory using the Marks, or license anyone to use the Marks to operate such fitness
centers in the Protected Territory. In addition, the boundaries of your Protected Territory may overlap with
a territory we grant to another franchisee or to an Anytime Fitness center we or our affiliates operate, so
long as no other Anytime Fitness center is located within your Protected Territory.
D.
Additional Reservation of Rights. We and our affiliates reserve any and all rights not
expressly granted to you under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right to sell anywhere
(including within the Protected Territory) products and services (including to your members and other
customers) under the “Anytime Fitness” name, or under any other name, through any channel of
distribution, including via the Internet, our website, mobile application, social media platforms or
otherwise.
2.

TERM; RENEWAL RIGHTS

A.
Initial Term. The term of this Agreement is for six (6) years commencing on the Effective
Date of this Agreement, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Agreement. However, by the end of
the fifth year following the opening of your Anytime Fitness Center, you must complete, or provide for in
a manner satisfactory to us, such renovation and reequipping of your Anytime Fitness Center as we deem
appropriate to reflect the then current standards and image of the System, including, without limitation,
renovation or replacement of signs, equipment, furnishings, fixtures and décor.
B.
Renewal. You have the right to renew your Anytime Fitness Center franchise for the
Franchised Location for an additional five (5) year term, provided you meet all of the following conditions:
1.
you have given us written notice at least two hundred ten (210) days prior to the
end of the then current term of this Agreement of your desire to renew;
2.
you and all entities you are a member, partner or shareholder of, are in compliance
with all agreements between you and us and between you and our affiliates, and there has been no series of
defaults by you thereunder (i.e., an abnormal frequency of defaults or a default that has occurred repeatedly,
or a combination thereof), whether or not such defaults were cured;
3.
you make, or provide for in a manner satisfactory to us, such renovation and reequipping of your Anytime Fitness Center as we deem appropriate to reflect the then-current standards and

2

