and policies of each Program Provider that you opt into through Healthy Contributions. For
clarity, some Program Providers cover basic membership dues on behalf of the member
therefore the Client may not impose any charges on the member for Program services under
said agreement. If a member requests services that are not covered by the Program
Provider, the Member shall be solely liable for payment. (C) correctly update all
participating member’s data in the Healthy Contributions website by the 5th of every month
for the preceding month (for example, by February 5 for January Program Member
participation) so that usage can be automatically collected by Healthy Contributions at that
time; (D) review monthly return reports data as they are made available and take action on
any payment discrepancies found. Promptly reimburse to the Program Provider any monies
received by the Participating Facility that HC or the Program Provider determine in good faith
were paid to the Participating Facility based upon inaccurate, false or faulty data or
information submitted by the Participating Facility or that were paid to the Participating
Facility by HC or the Program Provider by mistake. Participating Facility agrees to provide
HC with a completed W-9 Form and veriﬁes that the information on the W-9 Form is
accurate. The inability of HC to verify W-9 Form information provided by a Participating
Facility may result in enrollment delays, payments delays and/or access restrictions.
Participating Facility agrees to inform HC immediately of any change of control in the
Participating Facility’s ownership.
3. Termination by Participating Facility. Participating Facility may, depending upon the terms of
Participating Facility’s Franchise Agreement with Anytime Fitness Franchisor, be permitted
to terminate its participation based on the speciﬁc termination requirements as outlined in
each program’s terms and conditions and program information documents (Plan FAQs). The
Opt Out requirements may vary by Program Provider. Upon withdrawing from all Member
Programs and terminating this agreement, Participating Facility is obligated to cooperate
with HC in closing out Program Member accounts and providing appropriate
communications to Program Members.
4. Termination by HC. HC may terminate this agreement by providing thirty (30) days advance
notice to the Participating Facility. HC may terminate this agreement immediately if HC
determine, in its reasonable discretion that Participating Facility has (A) repeatedly failed to
abide by the terms and conditions of this agreement or (B) has intentionally provided
inaccurate, false or faulty data to HC in connection with any Member Program.
5. Conﬁdential Information/Privacy. Participating Facility agrees that “Conﬁdential
Information” shall include, but not be limited to, the terms of this agreement, the ﬁnancial
terms of any Membership Programs administered by HC, the identity of Program Providers,
the identity of Program Members and their unique identiﬁers, including Program Members
Personal Information (deﬁned below). Participating Facility agrees to treat Conﬁdential
Information as strictly conﬁdential, to protect Conﬁdential Information from disclosure in
the same manner and degree that Participating Facility protects its own conﬁdential
information and to refrain from sharing Conﬁdential Information with third parties without
the express consent of HC. In addition, Participating Facility agrees to abide by all
applicable privacy laws, regulations or rules with respect to any “Personal Information” of
Program Members. “Personal Information” includes all information that is deems Personal

