or Local Provider, per month. The PP Monthly Fees are subject to change upon written
notice.
d.
“Principal Owner” means anyone owning more than ten percent (10%)
of the Center and who has signed and guaranteed the Franchise Agreement for the Center.
e.
“PP Training Fees” means the fees, if any, due from you to us, if
any, for Initial Training, as described in Section 3(a).
2.

INITIAL PP TRAINING PROGRAMS.

The initial training provided to you as part of the Provider Program will vary based on the Provider with
whom you are entering into a relationship. As of the Effective Date, the respective PP Training programs
consist of:
a) Corporate Provider:
Together with the designated Corporate Provider with whom you have signed an agreement, we will provide
up to two (2) days of initial classroom training at our corporate headquarters, on-site at your Anytime
Fitness Center, in a virtual format, or at such other places as we may designate from time to time, at our
sole discretion. You will also be required to complete a self-paced, online training course. The initial
training program shall include coaching on implementing, operations, marketing, reporting and billing. By
executing this Addendum, you agree that one (1) Principal Owner will attend the initial training program
within ninety (90) days of executing this Addendum and prior to allowing your Provider to provide services
in your Center. Successfully completing this initial training, will earn a one-time 600 CEC credit towards
the CEC requirements outlined in your Franchise Agreement for the calendar year in which this initial
training was taken.
b) Local Provider
You must choose one of the following:
A. Together with a representative from your Local Provider we will provide up to one (1) day of initial
classroom training at our corporate headquarters, on-site at your Anytime Fitness Center, in a virtual
format, or at such other places as we may designate from time to time, at our sole discretion. You will
also be required to complete a self-paced, online training course. The initial training program shall
include coaching on implementing, operations, marketing, reporting and billing. By executing this
Addendum, you agree that one (1) Principal Owner will attend the initial training program within ninety
(90) days of executing this Addendum and prior to allowing your Provider to provide services in your
Center. Successfully completing this initial training will earn a one-time 600 CEC credit towards the
CEC requirements outlined in your Franchise Agreement for the calendar year in which this initial
training was taken;
OR
B. Together with a representative from your Local Provider we will provide up to two (2) hours of initial
classroom training, led by a designated instructor, in a virtual format. You will also be required to
complete a self-paced, online training course. The initial training program shall include coaching on
implementing, operations, marketing, reporting and billing. By executing this Addendum, you agree
that one (1) Principal Owner will attend the initial training program within ninety (90) days of executing
this Addendum and prior to allowing your Provider to provide services in your Center. You will not

3

