7201 Metro Boulevard, Suite 800, Edina, MN 55439
Phone: 877-996-0270
MASTER INSTALLMENT PAYMENT AGREEMENT NO.
Customer – Use EXACT registered name if a Corp, Customer’s Chief Executive Office – City
LLC or LP
Street
Customer’s “d/b/a” (doing-business-as name), if any:

State

Zip Code

Customer’s Telephone

Supplier Name & Address:
As identified on each Schedule
Recitals: The Supplier has agreed to supply, from time to time, equipment (the “Equipment”) to Customer as described in
each separate Schedule to this Master Installment Payment Agreement (the "Agreement"). The Supplier has also offered to
provide to the Customer, through Mitsubishi HC Capital America, (“MHCCA”) financing over a certain period (as set forth in
each Schedule) under an arrangement between Supplier and MHCCA. Customer has chosen to accept such financing in lieu
of paying cash presently. Customer and MHCCA now desire to set forth their agreements relating to the above-described
equipment financing arrangement in this Agreement. Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises and
undertakings of MHCCA and Customer as set forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, Customer and
MHCCA hereby agree as follows:
Agreement: Customer hereby requests MHCCA to pay to the Supplier, and, in consideration of Customer’s unconditional
agreement to the terms and conditions set forth herein, MHCCA hereby agrees to do so promptly following Customer’s
execution and delivery to MHCCA of this Agreement and the related Schedule for each acquisition of Equipment and the
satisfaction of other conditions precedent, if any, established by MHCCA. Subject only to MHCCA’s payment to the Supplier,
Customer hereby agrees to pay to the order of MHCCA at its office in Edina, MN, or at such other place as may be designated
by MHCCA from time to time, the periodic payment (the "Periodic Payment") set forth in each in each Schedule hereto. In
addition, Customer shall pay to MHCCA, as invoiced by MHCCA, a one-time fee, as set forth below, for the MHCCA
origination, credit review, processing and documentation of this Agreement (the “Processing Fee”). The term of each
Schedule will commence on the first day of the month following MHCCA 's receipt from the Customer of written and/or verbal
acceptance for all the Equipment itemized on the related Schedule unless otherwise specified on the Schedule (the
"Commencement Date") and will continue for the number of months specified in the Schedule (the "Initial Term" of such
Schedule). There shall also be an interim term beginning on the earlier of (1) the date any advance monies are released by
MHCCA to Supplier with regard to any Schedule or (2) on the date of Customer's written and/or verbal acceptance and
continuing up to the first payment due date set forth therein. The interim payment for each item of Equipment, or advance
monies released, will be calculated by multiplying the cost of that item of Equipment or advance by one percent (1%), per
month, prorated on a daily basis for periods less than one full month. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this
Agreement and any Schedule hereto, the terms of such Schedule shall be controlling.
To secure Customer’s payment and performance of Customer's obligations hereunder and for each Schedule, Customer
hereby grants to MHCCA a continuing lien and security interest in the Equipment identified in each Schedule (and
all replacements, substitutions, addition, improvements, accessions, or accumulations or proceeds arising
therefrom as a matter of law). Customer hereby authorizes MHCCA to file any and all financing statements and take all
other steps necessary to perfect the grant of such security interest and to maintain perfection thereof under the Uniform
Commercial Code and other applicable laws. Customer agrees that the security interest granted by Customer to MHCCA
shall remain in effect irrespective of any retaking or redelivery of the Equipment or any portion thereof and irrespective of the
payment of any of the amounts owed hereunder, so long as there are any obligations of any kind owed by Customer to
MHCCA, including obligations under guarantees or assignments. Each item of Equipment set forth above and in any Exhibit
A secures the specific amount which Customer promises to pay pursuant to this Agreement.
In the event Customer pays any Periodic Payment in whole or in part prior to the due date thereof, Customer agrees
that the entire amount paid will be applied by MHCCA to the next-due Periodic Payment(s). Customer may prepay any
or all amounts owned to MHCCA under this Agreement at any time and from time to time, provided, however, that Customer
agrees to pay a prepayment penalty in the amount of four percent (4%) of the principal balance for the first year, three percent
(3%) for the second year, two percent (2%) for the third year and one percent (1%) thereafter (the "Prepayment Penalty").
The Prepayment Penalty will be paid in addition to the Balance Remaining under the Agreement. For purposes of this
Page 1 of 4

8051601

