The Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program is intended to be a holistic and localized program that includes
guides, timelines, tools and resources to assist Anytime Fitness Centers in building awareness, driving leads
and targeting prospective members. The amounts you spend for the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program
are in addition to the General Advertising and Marketing Fees you pay to us. Upon request by us, you must
provide us with a report itemizing the amounts you spent on the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program. If
you fail to spend the minimum required amount, we may require you to pay the difference between what
you should have spent on your Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program and what you actually spent, into
the General Advertising and Marketing Fund. We may require you to pay to us the minimum required
amount for the Grand Opening and Ramp Up Program and we will execute the Grand Opening and Ramp
Up Program on your behalf.
Computer Hardware and Software
You will need to purchase the Technology System from ProVision to operate your business. The base
Technology System includes sound system, cellular communications, and other equipment needed to
implement the Coaching Suite, the club management and access control software, our accounting system,
our security system, fitness scanning and/or monitoring, sound system services, our tailgate entry detection
system, and our CCTV system for recording of activities at your center. The cost of the Technology System
currently ranges from $30,036 to $36,472 (including taxes, shipping and installation estimated at 38% of
the package cost). As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, you may choose to purchase
additional equipment from ProVision to enhance the base Technology System package and you may be
required to purchase additional equipment if your club is larger than an average club in our system.
Depending on the size of your Anytime Fitness center and any additional equipment to the Technology
System package that you purchase, you may also need to purchase certain additional computer hardware,
software and related components for your center.
The Technology System has a manufacturer’s warranty of 12 months on parts and labor from the date of
installation on core hardware components only (excluding software). Apart from these warranties, we do
not have any obligation to upgrade or maintain the Technology System or any hardware, software or
technology components you purchase, and we cannot predict the costs of upgrades or maintenance.
ProVision will license to you our proprietary access control software (the “Club Operating Software”),
which is integrated with our billing and payment system, for use on your business computer or iPad.
ProVision will also provide the continuing monthly support you need to operate the Club Operating
Software.
They will also provide Microsoft Exchange Email hosting (including up to 5
@anytimefitness.com email addresses, and auto-push emails). The Base Technology Fee for all these
services is currently $799 per center per month (see Item 6). ProVision has also advised us that it intends
to provide software updates for the Club Operating Software at no cost to you as part of the monthly support
it provides, but it is not obligated to do so, and whether it does so or not is likely to depend on the extent of
any upgrades. ProVision does not, however, provide support for any third-party software.
We also require that you use an advanced web-based software designed to manage most of your club
operations to supplement the Club Operating Software (“Club Management Software”). This Club
Management Software, available through our designated vendor(s) features a follow-up sales system to
help you sell memberships for your business, a tool to place sales metrics and goals front and center on
your computer or iPad, an email marketing component, the ability to generate multiple reports for auto
delivery to you, and personal training management software. Club Management Software is required for
all Anytime Fitness centers and you currently must use the Club Management Software or our designated
CRM platform to manage automated emails, text messages, and one-to-one communications to your
members and prospective members. You also currently must process payments for personal, small and/or
large group training through the Club Management Software.

FDD

40

