Agreement in any manner whatsoever without our express prior written consent, which consent
may be withheld for any reason whatsoever in our sole and absolute judgment.
2.
We will not charge you any fee in connection with your Transfer of your interest
in this Agreement. However, as a condition to our approval of any Transfer, you must sign
franchise agreements for all of the Anytime Fitness centers to be developed under this Agreement,
you must transfer all of those agreements to the same person or entity that acquires your interest in
this Agreement, and you must comply with all of the conditions for transferring each of those
agreements, including the requirement to pay a transfer fee in connection with the transfer of each
of those agreements.
3.
The restriction on Transfer contained in this Agreement does not apply to, or
otherwise restrict, your right to transfer any interest in any franchise agreement you previously
signed for any Anytime Fitness center to be developed under this Agreement. You may transfer
those agreements apart from any rights you have in this Agreement, provided you comply with the
transfer provisions of each agreement you seek to transfer.
4.
We may expand upon, and provide more details related to, the conditions for
Transfer and our consent as described in this Section 7, and may do so in our operations manual or
otherwise in writing.
8.
Acknowledgements. To induce us to execute this Agreement, you represent and warrant
to us as follows:
A.
You recognize and acknowledge the importance of maintaining our standards for service,
and further recognize and acknowledge the importance of following the System with respect to the
development and operation of Anytime Fitness centers.
B.
You have the entire control and direction of the Anytime Fitness Centers to be opened and
operated by you, subject only to the conditions and covenants established by the Franchise Agreements for
those centers. You acknowledge that the businesses to be operated under those Franchise Agreements
involve business risks, and that your success shall be largely determined by your own skill and efforts as
an independent business person.
C.
You have entered into this Agreement after making an independent investigation of our
operations and history and not upon any representation as to profits which you might be expected to realize
and that no one has made any representation to induce you to accept the franchise granted hereunder and to
execute this Agreement, except as may be set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document you acknowledge
receiving at least fourteen (14) days prior to the date you paid us or any affiliate any money or executed
any agreement with us or any affiliate.
9.
Miscellaneous. You acknowledge that other Anytime Fitness franchisees/area developers
have or will be granted franchises or area development rights at different times and in different situations,
and further acknowledge that the provisions of such agreements may vary substantially from those
contained in this Agreement. You shall not complain on account of any variation from standard
specifications and practices granted to any other franchisee/area developer and shall not be entitled to
require us to grant to you a like or similar variation thereof. The provisions set forth in the franchise
agreement for your first Anytime Fitness Center containing any covenants not to compete, enforcement
provisions, notice provisions, and sections referenced as “Miscellaneous” or “Acknowledgments” are
hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference and shall be applicable to this Agreement until such
time as you sign a subsequent franchise agreement, at which time the provisions of the new agreement

ADA

5

