other aspect of the relationship between us, for a minimum of four (4) hours, prior to initiating any legal
action or arbitration against the other.
1.
Upon written notice by either you or us, to the other, of your or our desire to
mediate, the party receiving the notice will select an independent entity that provides mediation services to
serve as mediator in the proceeding. If the party receiving the notice of intent to mediate does not name
such an organization within ten (10) days from the date the notice of intention to mediate is received, then
the other party may proceed as if this Section 18.C did not exist, or, at its option, make the selection of the
organization to provide mediation services. If you or we select an organization that is unwilling to serve as
mediator, then the other party may select the organization. Once the organization is designated and agrees
to accept the appointment as mediator, the organization will be directed to schedule a mediation proceeding
at a time mutually convenient to us and to you. The mediation will be held within thirty (30) days following
receipt by the mediation organization of notification that its services are requested. If you and we cannot
agree on a date for mediation, then the mediation organization will select a date it believes is reasonable for
both of us, given all of the claimed conflicts in dates. The person actually mediating the dispute will be
required to have at least ten (10) years of experience as either a franchisee or franchisor (or as an officer of
such an entity) or in franchise law. You and we will equally share the cost of the mediator. The mediator
will select the location for the mediation, but unless you and we both agree otherwise, the mediation will
be held in a metropolitan area with at least 250,000 persons that is not located within one hundred (100)
miles of either your principal office or our principal office.
2.
Except for the matters identified above where you or we are permitted to seek
injunctive relief without first mediating the dispute, if either party initiates litigation or arbitration without
complying with their obligation to mediate in accordance with this paragraph (unless the other party has
failed to respond on a timely basis or has indicated it will not engage in mediation in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 18.C), then upon petition of whichever of us has a lawsuit or arbitration
proceeding brought against us, the court or arbitrator will dismiss the litigation or arbitration without
prejudice, and award attorneys’ fees and costs to the party seeking dismissal in an amount equal to the
attorneys’ fees and costs the party seeking dismissal incurred. If the court or arbitrator refuses for any
reason to dismiss the action, then regardless of the outcome of the action, or of any award given in the
action, the party initiating the litigation or arbitration will be responsible for all attorneys’ fees and costs
incurred throughout the litigation or arbitration by the other party as damages for failing to comply with the
provisions of this Section 18.C.
D.
Arbitration. Except insofar as you or we elect to enforce this Agreement by judicial process
and injunction as provided in Section 18.A hereof, all disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, or to the breach thereof, or to any of our standards or operating procedures, or other obligation
of either of yours or ours, or to the breach thereof (including any claim that this Agreement, any provision
of this Agreement, any specification, standard, operating procedure or any other obligation of yours or ours
is illegal, unenforceable or voidable), or any aspect of the relationship between you and us (even if
additional persons are named as parties to such action, but except as may be specifically provided with
respect to any financing agreements you have with us or our affiliates, which shall be governed by the
enforcement provisions thereof), must be resolved by arbitration in Minneapolis, Minnesota, or if our
principal office is not located in Minnesota, then at the office of the American Arbitration Association
located closest to our principal office. It is our intention that state laws attempting to void out of state forum
selection clauses for arbitration be preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act and that arbitration be held in
the place designated above.
1.
The arbitration will be held in accordance with the United States Arbitration Act
(9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.), if applicable, and the rules of the American Arbitration Association (relating to the

34

