Item
Consumer Insights and Research
Public Relations
Digital Platform Tools & Vendors (website, maps, listings, etc.)
Creative and Production
Administration
Paid Media

Percentage of Total Expenditures
2%
1%
10%
4%
13%
71%

Our intention is to solicit input from franchisees on the development of the advertising purchased by the
fund. However, this input will be advisory only, and we will have the right to make all decisions about
how these monies are spent. We have no obligation to conduct any advertising on your behalf.
Advertising monies we collect that are not used in one year will be carried over to the next year. Any
interest the funds earn will be used for advertising before we use any principal. We and our affiliates will
only receive payment from the advertising funds for actual goods and services we provide to the funds. We
may also allocate a portion of the funds to cover the costs of any of our employees who provide services to
the fund. We will not spend any portion of any advertising fund for advertising principally designed to
solicit the sale of franchises. At your request, we will make available to you an annual accounting that
shows how the fund proceeds were spent for the previous year. We do not maintain an advertising council
composed of franchisees.
Advertising Cooperatives
Although we currently do not, in the future we may establish local advertising cooperatives in market areas
in which 2 or more Anytime Fitness clubs are operating. If we establish a cooperative in your area, or there
is an existing cooperative in your area when you become a franchisee, you must participate and contribute
your share to the cooperative. These cooperatives will, with our approval, administer advertising programs
and develop advertising, marketing and promotional materials for the area the cooperative covers. We may
require the cooperative to use an advertising agency, or other partner or vendor of our choosing.
The amount of the contribution you must contribute will be determined at the time we establish the
cooperative but will not be more than 2% of your monthly Gross Revenue. All franchisees and companyowned Anytime Fitness clubs in the market area of the cooperative will be expected to contribute at the
same rate to the cooperative. Each Anytime Fitness club contributing to a cooperative will have one vote
on matters involving the activities of the cooperative. But the cooperative may not produce or use any
advertising, marketing or promotional plans that have not be approved by us.
The cooperative will operate from written governing documents, which will be available for cooperative
members’ review upon their request. Each cooperative will prepare annual financial statements which will
be available for review by a franchisee participating in the cooperative, upon request of that franchisee. We
may change, dissolve or merge any cooperative at any time.
As of December 31, 2024, franchisees in the Denver, CO; Madison, WI; Phoenix, AZ; and Des Moines, IA
areas formed their own local advertising cooperative, and they contribute, at their own expense, additional
funds for marketing expenditure. At this time, we do not require any franchisees to contribute to these local
cooperative programs. They are organized by our franchisees in these markets. The local franchisees
decide who administers the cooperative, whether there are written governing documents for the cooperative,
and whether the cooperative must prepare annual or period financial statements to provide to franchisees.
At this time, we do not require this cooperative to be formed, changed, dissolved or merged.

FDD

38

