credit worthiness, your relationship with local banks, your experience in the fitness industry, and any
additional collateral you may offer to a lender to secure the loan. If you finance the establishment of your
Anytime Fitness center with an SBA loan you will also incur SBA fees and costs which may include an
additional 2.25% of the loan amount, closing costs, interest reserves, and a construction contingency. Our
estimates do not include any finance charges, interest or debt service obligations.
ITEM 8.
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
All branded items, marketing, equipment, furnishings, fixtures, signs, uniforms, billing and processing
services, software, software support and security monitoring services, insurance and supplies you purchase
for use in your business must meet our specifications. Those specifications may include minimum
standards for delivery, performance, design, appearance, and quality. We will issue the specifications to
you before you begin operating. We may include these specifications in the Operations Manual that we
provide on-line to you, or we may issue them separately. We have brand specifications relating to the format
and content of local advertising. We require you to comply with those specifications and require that you
obtain our prior approval with respect to the use of any advertising materials you prepare. You may not
create any digital or electronic medium or method of communication, including a website, web page, review
or opinion page, social media and/or social networking site, channel, avatar, profile, including an online
business profile, account, hashtag, user name or application, whether web-based or otherwise, or keyword
advertising, pay-per-click advertising or other search engine marketing, using our Marks or otherwise
relates to your Anytime Fitness center. You must provide us with full admin access (including with log-in
information) to all social media accounts, profiles and pages, business managers, and ad accounts related
to your Anytime Fitness center or that use our marks. You must provide ownership-level access to any
Google Business profiles.
You can expect that the items you purchase to meet our specifications will represent over 90% of the total
purchases you will make to begin operations. Once you begin operating, we expect the items you purchase
that meet our specifications will represent approximately 70% of your total expenses.
If you want to purchase items for your Anytime Fitness center that we have not previously approved, or
items that differ from our specifications, you must notify us in writing. If we request, you must submit
samples and other information we require for testing or to otherwise determine whether the product,
material or supply meets our specifications and quality standards. We do not impose any fee for our
consideration of an item not previously approved.
We may require you to purchase certain furniture, equipment, inventory, supplies, services and other
products used or offered at your business from vendors we approve, in which case we will provide you with
a list of approved suppliers. These will include mandatory vendors (persons from whom you must purchase
certain items or services), designated vendors (for items or services that must be purchased from vendors
we approve), and preferred vendors (for vendors we have approved, but in categories where we do not
require you obtain our approval of the vendor). These suppliers may pay vendor rebates to us and they may
include our company and affiliates of ours.
You must have and maintain general liability insurance with complete operations coverage, broad form
contractual liability coverage, property damage, all with current minimum limits of $1,000,000 per person
and $1,000,000 per occurrence, $3,000,000 in the aggregate.
When we have a designated vendor, if you want to purchase from other vendors the items or services for
which that vendor has been designated, you must notify us in writing and obtain our approval. If you seek
approval of a new supplier (or if the supplier applies directly to us for approval), we will require the supplier
pay us a nonrefundable fee of $300 before we will consider approving their application. This fee is intended

FDD

22

