(g)

Lender’s affiliate, ABC,

shall be the exclusive

vendor of the services provided under the Billing

Service Agreement while any Obligation is outstanding and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter. If
Borrower has not previously executed a Billing Service Agreement with ABC it shall do so contemporaneously
herewith. This subsection shall specifically survive the repayment of the Obligations.
(h) Borrower shall permit Lender, at all reasonable times (prior to an Event of Default, on not less than
five (5) days prior written notice to Borrower), to (i) inspect, audit and copy the books, records and papers relating
to Borrower’s financial or business condition (which information shall be maintained by Lender in a confidential
manner); and (ii) inspect and appraise any of Borrower’s assets. The reasonable out-of-pocket costs of all such
inspections while an Event of Default exists shall be borne by Borrower; otherwise, they shall be borne by Lender.
(i) Borrower shall permit, and hereby give express written authorization for, all or any government
authority to furnish to Lender reports of any examination, or any other records pertaining to Borrower, upon request
by Lender.
(j)

Borrower shall promptly reimburse Lender for all Lender Expenses.

(k) Borrower shall pay all taxes on, or affecting, it, its Business or the Collateral by at least ten (10) days
of its due date each year and provide Lender with written proof of such payment by at least ten (10) days of such
due date each year or otherwise timely contest the same and establish reserves therefor. Borrower shall pay (or
cause to be paid) all insurance premiums on or before the due date thereof and shall provide Lender written proof of
such payment within ten (10) days of payment. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Borrower agree to
notify Lender immediately of any changes to the amounts, schedules and instructions for payment of any taxes and
insurance premiums of which it has obtained actual knowledge and authorizes Lender or its agent to obtain the bills
for taxes directly from the appropriate tax authority.
(1) The Borrower shall not disclose to any third party the terms of this credit facility unless required to do
so by applicable law or governing authority, in the event failure to disclose the same will prejudice any claim or
action asserted by Borrower or unless such information is not already known by such party and such party is bound
to maintain the confidentiality of such disclosure to the same degree as the Borrower.
(m) The Borrower agrees that it shall use the proceeds of the Loan solely for the purpose of renovating or
updating its health and fitness club or for such other approved business purpose as described in, or required by, its
franchise agreement with Anytime Fitness, LLC.
7.

Default.

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events and/or occurrences shall constitute an
"Event of Default" hereunder:
(a)
The occurrence of a default under the Credit Agreement or the failure to pay or perform any of the
Obligations pursuant to the terms by which they were created and defaults or failures are not remedied within
applicable grace and cure periods thereunder, and, if none, which are not remedied within ten (10) days of written
notice to Borrower of such default (or such longer period of time reasonably required by Borrower if Borrower
diligently commences and prosecutes such remedy for a non-monetary default), whether or not such default or
failure is with respect to the payment of money or otherwise, including, without limit, any default hereunder; or
(b)
Should any warranty or representation contained herein or elsewhere in the Credit Agreement at
any time prove to be false or misleading in any material respect.
(c)
The occurrence of any material adverse change in the financial conditions or operations of
Borrower as evidenced by financial statements received by Lender pursuant to this Agreement or any other
objectively verifiable evidence in the possession of Lender, including without limitation material decreases in

