Foreign Assets Control (OFAC); (ii) neither you nor any of your affiliates are directly or indirectly owned
or controlled by the government of any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States
government; (iii) neither you nor any of your affiliates are acting on behalf of the government of, or is
involved in business arrangements or other transactions with, any country that is subject to such an
embargo; (iv) neither your nor any of your affiliates are on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied
Persons, Entities and Unverified Lists, the U.S. Department of State’s Debarred Lists, or on the U.S.
Department of Treasury’s Lists of Specialty Designated Nationals, Specialty Designated Narcotics
Traffickers or Specialty Designated Terrorists, as such lists may be amended from time to time (collectively,
the Lists); (v) neither you nor any of your affiliates, during the term of this Agreement, will be on any of
the Lists; and (vi) during the term of this Agreement, neither you nor any of your affiliates will sell products,
goods or services to, or otherwise enter into a business arrangement with, any person or entity on any of
the Lists. You agree to notify us in writing immediately upon the occurrence of any act or event that would
render any of these representations incorrect.
N.
Personal Guaranty. All of your owners (if you are a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or partnership, or other entity) will sign the personal guaranty agreement in the form
attached to this Agreement (the “Guaranty Agreement”). Any person or entity that at any time after the
Effective Date of this Agreement becomes an owner of yours will, as a condition of becoming an owner,
sign the Guaranty Agreement. In addition, a spouse of an owner and any other person we designate must
also sign the Guaranty Agreement.
21.

NOTICES

Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing and will be
deemed to have been duly given upon the earlier of (i) when received; (ii) one (1) business day after
placement with a reputable national overnight carrier; or (iii) three (3) business days after deposit (not
including the day of deposit), if placed in the mail for delivery by certified mail, postage pre-paid, and, in
the cases of clauses (ii) or (iii), addressed to the respective parties at the following addresses unless and
until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other party:
Notice to us:

Anytime Fitness Franchisor LLC
111 Weir Drive
Woodbury, Minnesota 55125
Attention: President

Notice to you: See Rider
22.

AMENDMENT OF OTHER AGREEMENTS

To the extent you have entered into any franchise agreements with us prior to the date of this
Agreement which remain in effect following the execution of this Agreement:
(i) the provisions of Section 5.B. of this Agreement will replace the provisions of those agreements
regarding Method of Payment,
(ii) the provisions of Sections 9.G., 9.H., 9.L., 9.N., 9.P., and 9.Q. of this Agreement are
incorporated into such agreements, and supersede any inconsistent provisions contained therein,
(iii) the provisions of Section 13.B. of this Agreement will replace the provisions of those
agreements regarding the conditions to your transfer or assignment of any interest in those franchise
agreements or in the Anytime Fitness centers you operate under those agreements,

39

