Guidant also offers Portfolio Loans. This is a way to leverage your non-retirement stocks, bonds
and mutual funds up to 80% of their value. Portfolio must be worth at least $200,000. No minimum
credit score required. The fee associated with this program is 2% to 3% of the value of the collateral.
Start-up locations can also elect to defer payments for up to 2 years.
We have a separate agreement with Guidant Financial Group that requires that we are paid $1,000
as a referral fee for each client that engages in their retirement rollover program. There is no direct
affiliation between Guidant Financial Group and us.
3.

RV Now, LLC (“RVN”), an affiliate of ABC Financial Services, Inc. (“ABC”), our designated
billing processor, also offers financing to our franchisees for the “reinvention” of their Anytime
Fitness center to conform to our current standards after their 5-year anniversary. This financing is,
however, still subject to credit approval. You will also need to use ABC as your billing processor
to qualify for this loan. Under this arrangement, RVN may offer to loan you up to $40,000 for your
reinvention. RVN will charge you a 3% origination fee for this financing. You will repay the loan
in fixed monthly payments, ranging from 12 months to 48 months. No down payment is required.
The first payment will be due 30 days after you sign the loan documents but it will only be an
interest payment. The regular monthly payments will begin 60 days after you sign RVN’s loan
documents. Interest rates for this financing currently range from 8.99% to 11.99% per annum,
depending on the strength of your credit and credit availability. The amount of the monthly
payment will depend on the amount financed, the interest rate, and the term for repayment. RVN
will require you to pledge a security interest in the accounts receivable, member contracts, payment
intangibles and proceeds of your Anytime Fitness center, and you will also need to personally
guarantee the note. Under our agreement with RVN, we will guaranty 50% of any amounts that
you fail to pay under the loan documents with RVN. In consideration for that agreement, RVN
pays us 50% of any origination fees it collects from you.
You have the right to prepay all or a portion of your obligations to RVN at any time. You will be
in default under the loan documents if you fail to pay amounts owed when due. And your default
continues for 10 days, or if you violate any other provision of the loan documents and do not cure
your default within 10 days after notice. You will also be in default if you make any false or
misleading representation in the loan documents, if your financial statements or other objectively
verifiable information shows a material adverse change in your financial condition, or if your
billing agreement with ABC is terminated (Section 7 – Loan Agreement). If you commit a payment
default, you must pay a late charge of 10% of the overdue amount (not less than $50 or more than
$250 per instance). You also will pay interest on any overdue amount equal to the lesser of 17%
or the maximum rate of interest allowed by law. If you default, RVN may accelerate the balance
of payments, offset any amounts from amounts due from ABC to you, or foreclose on the collateral
you pledge. It may also exercise any remedies available to it by law. You also must pay all costs
incurred by RVN if you default, including legal fees. Under the personal guaranty contained in
RVN’s loan documents, you waive all notices, your right to a jury trial, certain defenses, and rights
to require RVN to exhaust other remedies in the event of your default. RVN may assign the
agreements or sell the loan to other entities or persons without your consent (Section 9 – Secured
Loan Agreement). Any litigation concerning the loan documents will generally be venued in
Arkansas. A copy of the RVN loan documents as of the date of this Disclosure Document is
attached as Exhibit I-3.

4.

FDD

Mitsubishi HC Capital America ("Mitsubishi HC") offers equipment financing of up to $600,000
for a new location, including, among others, cardio and strength equipment, virtual fitness
equipment, security system, recovery equipment, mirrors, audio visual, cubbies, flooring, and

29

