                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

         termination or expiration of this Agreement (or your expulsion); credited to the transferee if an
         approved transfer takes place; or credited to your other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and
         Cooperative Program memberships if the transaction involves the closing of one JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurant but you then own other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA and remain a
         Cooperative Program member with respect to one or more of those other JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurants.

         E.      REGIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL.

        You agree to participate actively in any JIMMY JOHN’S® Regional Advisory Franchisee Council
(“Council”) we designate. A Council’s purpose includes exchanging ideas and problem-solving methods,
advising us on expenditures for regional advertising, and coordinating franchisee efforts. You agree to pay all
assessments the Council levies, and we may enforce this obligation on the Council’s behalf. Amounts and
expenditures periodically may vary due to variations in Council participation and costs, as determined by a
particular Council and approved by us. We may form a Council when more than one (1) franchisee operates
a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in any given region, the boundaries of which we may determine.

10.      RECORDS, REPORTS, AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

        In order to assure consistency and reliability with respect to the various forms of financial reporting
you must make to us, you agree to establish and maintain at your own expense a bookkeeping, accounting,
and recordkeeping system conforming to the requirements and formats we prescribe from time to time. The
records and information contained in this system will not include any records or information relating to the
Restaurant’s employees, as you control exclusively labor relations and employment practices for Restaurant
employees. We may require you to use a Computer System to maintain certain sales data and other
information. You agree to give us in the manner and format we prescribe from time to time:

                 (a)    on or before Wednesday of each week, a report on the Restaurant’s Gross Sales
         during the week ending on the preceding Tuesday;

                 (b)      within fifteen (15) days after the end of each of our four (4) week sales periods, the
         operating statements, profit and loss and other financial statements, statistical reports, and other
         information we request regarding you and the Restaurant covering the previous sales period and, if
         requested, the fiscal year to date;

                  (c)      (i) an annual income statement and balance sheet covering the Restaurant’s entire
         fiscal year, due within fifteen (15) days after the end of the Restaurant’s fiscal year (which is
         December 31st if using a calendar year or the Tuesday closest to December 31st if using a thirteen
         (13) four-week period year), and (ii) a mid-year income statement and balance sheet covering the
         first half of the Restaurant’s fiscal year, due within fifteen (15) days after the halfway point of the
         Restaurant’s fiscal year (which is June 30th if using a calendar year or the seventh (7th) four-week
         period if using a thirteen (13) four-week period year); and

                 (d)     within ten (10) days after our request, exact copies of federal and state income tax
         returns, sales tax returns, purchase records, and any other forms, records, books, and other
         information we periodically require relating to the Restaurant and the Franchise (other than
         Restaurant employee records, as you control exclusively labor relations and employment practices
         for Restaurant employees).


                                                       31
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
