                                                                                     Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                           DA #: ___________

         References to a “controlling ownership interest” in you or one of your owners (if an Entity) mean the
percent of the voting shares or other voting rights that results from dividing one hundred percent (100%) of
the ownership interests by the number of owners. In the case of a proposed transfer of an ownership interest
in you or one of your owners, the determination of whether a “controlling ownership interest” is involved
must be made as of both immediately before and immediately after the proposed transfer to see if a
“controlling ownership interest” will be transferred (because of the number of owners before the proposed
transfer) or will be deemed to have been transferred (because of the number of owners after the proposed
transfer).

         An ESOP must satisfy the following criteria for purposes of Section 12 of this Agreement: (1) the
ESOP may transfer to employees no more than twenty percent (20%) of your outstanding ownership
interests; (2) you must identify for us, in advance, the employees who will receive an ownership interest in
you through the ESOP; (3) employees receiving an ownership interest in you through the ESOP must sign
the Guaranty or other form we prescribe undertaking personally to be bound, jointly and severally, by the
non-monetary obligations in this Agreement; (4) an employee may not at any time transfer his or her
ownership interest in you except to you; (5) an employee must relinquish his or her ownership interest in you
upon the termination of his or her employment; and (6) transfers of ownership interests in you through an
ESOP may not result in the transfer of a controlling ownership interest in you.

         References in this Agreement to the term “person” mean any natural person, corporation, limited
liability company, general or limited partnership, unincorporated association, cooperative, or other legal or
functional entity and any affiliates of any legal or functional entity and any member, partner, shareholder, or
other direct or indirect equity-holder of any legal or functional entity or its affiliates. References in this
Agreement to the term “Passive Investment Company” mean an entity (including one or more of its
affiliates) whose primary purpose is to invest at various levels in multiple, varied business opportunities
and/or other profit-generating activities and not either to invest primarily in JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
or to actively manage or participate in the day-to-day operations of one or more JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants.

         Unless otherwise specified, all references to a number of days mean calendar days and not business
days.

         The term “Restaurant” includes all of the assets of the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant you operate
under this Agreement, including its revenue and the Lease. The words “include” and “including” are meant
to be illustrative and not exhaustive and are deemed to be read in all cases as “including, without limitation”
and/or “including but not limited to.”

         This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed an original.

         L.      NO WAIVER OF DISCLAIMER OF RELIANCE IN CERTAIN STATES.

        The following provision applies only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state
franchise disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New
York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington or Wisconsin:

         No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed by you in connection with the
         commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
         applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
         statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf of us. This
         provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

                                                      57
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
