                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

         date (we will advise the transferee before the transfer’s effective date of the specific actions it must
         take and the time period within which such actions must be taken);

                 (m)      before the transfer’s proposed effective date, you and your transferring owners (and
         your owners’ spouses) agree that they will not, for two (2) years beginning on the transfer’s effective
         date, engage in any of the activities proscribed in Subsection 15.D. below; and

                  (n)     before the transfer’s proposed effective date, you and your transferring owners agree
         that they will not directly or indirectly at any time or in any manner (except with respect to other
         JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants you own and operate) identify yourself or themselves in any business
         as a current or former JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant or as one of our franchisees; use any Mark, any
         colorable imitation of a Mark, or other indicia of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in any manner or
         for any purpose; or utilize for any purpose any trade name, trade or service mark, or other
         commercial symbol that suggests or indicates a connection or association with us.

         You acknowledge that we have legitimate reasons to evaluate the qualifications of potential
transferees and to analyze and critique the terms of their purchase contracts with you, and our contact with
potential transferees to protect our business interests will not constitute improper or unlawful conduct. You
expressly authorize us to investigate any potential transferee’s qualifications, to analyze and critique the
proposed purchase terms, to communicate candidly and truthfully with the transferee regarding your
operation of the Restaurant, and to withhold our consent to the proposed transfer, as long as our decision is
not unreasonable, even if the conditions in clauses (2)(a) through (2)(n) above are satisfied. You waive any
claim that our decision to withhold approval of a proposed transfer in order to protect our business
interests—if that decision was reasonable despite satisfaction of the conditions in clauses (2)(a) through
(2)(n) above—constitutes tortious interference with contractual or business relationships. We may review all
information regarding the Restaurant you give the proposed transferee, correct any information we believe is
inaccurate, and give the proposed transferee copies of any reports you have given us or we have made
regarding the Restaurant.

         D.      TRANSFER TO A WHOLLY-OWNED CORPORATION OR LIMITED LIABILITY
                 COMPANY.

         If you are fully complying with this Agreement, then you may transfer this Agreement to a
corporation or limited liability company that conducts no business other than the Restaurant and, if
applicable, other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, in which you maintain management control, and of which
you own and control one hundred percent (100%) of the equity and voting power of all issued and
outstanding ownership interests, provided that all of the Restaurant’s assets are owned, and the Restaurant’s
business is conducted, only by that single corporation or limited liability company. The corporation or
limited liability company must expressly assume all of your obligations under this Agreement. You agree to
remain liable under this Agreement as if the transfer to the corporation or limited liability company did not
occur, including by signing, in connection with the transfer, our required form of Guaranty and Assumption
of Obligations. A transfer under this Section 12.D. is not subject to the payment of a transfer fee or any other
conditions of transfer set forth in Subsection C above. All other transfers of ownership interests in the
corporation or limited liability company are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Subsection C
above. You agree to remain liable under this Agreement as if the transfer to the corporation or limited
liability company did not occur, including by signing, in connection with the transfer, our required form of
Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations.




                                                       37
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
