                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                 (22)     you (or any of your owners) fail to comply with any other provision of this
         Agreement or any Brand Standard and do not correct the failure within thirty (30) days after we
         deliver written notice of the failure to you; or

                (23)    we send a notice of termination, no matter the reason, under any other franchise
         agreement to which you or one of your affiliates is a party.

         C.      ASSUMPTION OF MANAGEMENT.

         We have the right (but not the obligation), under the circumstances described below, to enter the
Premises and assume the Restaurant’s management (or to appoint a third party to assume its management). If
we (or a third party) assume the Restaurant’s management under subparagraph (2) below, the manager will
not exercise direct or indirect control over the working conditions of Restaurant employees except to the
extent such indirect control is related to our legitimate interest in protecting the quality of products, service,
or the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. In addition, if we assume the Restaurant’s management (or appoint a third
party to do so), you agree to pay us (in addition to the Royalty, Fund contributions, and other amounts due
under this Agreement) Six Hundred Dollars ($600) per person per day, plus our (or the third party’s) direct
out-of-pocket costs and expenses, for up to ninety (90) days after we assume management.

         If we (or a third party) assume the Restaurant’s management, you acknowledge that we (or the third
party) will have a duty to utilize only reasonable efforts and, provided we are not grossly negligent and do
not commit an act of willful misconduct, will not be liable to you or your owners for any debts, losses, lost or
reduced profits, or obligations the Restaurant incurs, or to any of your creditors for any supplies, products, or
other assets or services the Restaurant purchases, while we (or the third party) manage it. If we (or a third
party) assume the Restaurant’s management under subparagraphs (1) or (3) below, we (or the third party)
may retain all, and need not pay you or otherwise account to you for any, Gross Sales generated while we (or
the third party) manage the Restaurant.

         We (or a third party) may assume the Restaurant’s management under the following circumstances:
(1) if you abandon or fail actively to operate the Restaurant; (2) if you fail to comply with any provision of
this Agreement, including any Brand Standard, and do not cure the failure within the time period we specify
in our notice to you, but only for as long as it takes us, using reasonable commercial efforts, to correct the
failure that you failed to cure; or (3) if this Agreement expires or is terminated and we are deciding whether
to exercise our option to purchase the Restaurant under Subsection 15.E. below. If we exercise our rights
under subparagraphs (1) or (2) above, that will not affect our right to terminate this Agreement under
Subsection 14.B. above.

15.      OUR AND YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR
         EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.

         A.      PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED TO US.

         You agree to pay us within fifteen (15) days after this Agreement expires or is terminated, or on any
later date we determine the amounts due to us, the Royalties, Fund contributions, late fees, interest, and all
other amounts owed to us, our affiliates, or designated or approved suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade
Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and services related to the
Restaurant’s operations which then are unpaid.




                                                       45
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
