                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols (other than logos we have licensed to
you), (3) in providing or selling any unauthorized services or products, (4) as part of any domain name,
homepage, electronic address, email address, or otherwise in connection with a Website or social media
platform, (5) in connection with any other business you or your affiliates operate, or (6) in any other manner
we have not expressly authorized in writing. If we discover your unauthorized use of the Marks, we may
require you to immediately cease your use of the Marks and to destroy (with no reimbursement from us) all
offending items reflecting such unauthorized use. We may regulate your and your employees’ use of any
recording, audio, video, photographic, or digital devices at the Premises or otherwise in connection with the
Restaurant’s operation (unless expressly approved by us) that create content that can be uploaded to a
website (e.g., YouTube) or electronically, digitally, or otherwise shared with others (unless such activities are
protected under applicable law).

         You may not use any Mark in advertising the transfer, sale, or other disposition of the Restaurant or
an ownership interest in you without our prior written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold.
You may not pledge, hypothecate, or grant a security interest in any property that bears or displays the Marks
(unless the Marks are readily removable from such property) and must advise your proposed lenders of this
restriction.

         You agree to display the Marks prominently as we prescribe at the Restaurant and on vehicles,
uniforms, forms, advertising, supplies, and other materials we designate. To the extent you use any Mark in
employment-related materials, you must include a clear disclaimer that you (and only you) are the employer
of employees at the Restaurant and that neither we, as the franchisor of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, nor
our affiliates, are their employer, and we and our affiliates do not engage in any employment-related
activities for which only franchisees are responsible, such as employee selection, training, compensation,
promotion, discipline, and termination. You agree to give the notices of trade and service mark registrations
we specify and to obtain any fictitious or assumed name registrations required under applicable law.

         C.     NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENTS AND CLAIMS.

         You agree to notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use of any
Mark, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any Mark or any confusingly similar trademark, and not to
communicate with any person other than us, our affiliates, and our and their attorneys, and your attorneys,
regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim. We may take the action we deem appropriate (including no
action) and control exclusively any litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, or other
administrative proceeding concerning any Mark. You agree to sign any documents and take any other
reasonable action that, in the opinion of our attorneys, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our
interests in any litigation or Patent and Trademark Office or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and
maintain our interests in the Marks. We will reimburse your costs for taking any requested action.

         D.     DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF MARKS.

        If it becomes advisable at any time in our opinion for us and/or you to modify, discontinue using
and/or replace any Mark and/or to use one or more additional, substitute, or replacement trade or service
marks together with or in lieu of any previously designated Mark, you agree to comply with our directions
within a reasonable time after receiving notice. We need not reimburse your direct expenses of changing the
Restaurant’s signs, any loss of revenue due to any modified or discontinued Mark, or your expenses of
promoting a modified or substitute trademark or service mark.

      Our rights in this Subsection D apply to any and all of the Marks (and any portion of any Mark) this
Agreement authorizes you to use. We may exercise these rights at any time and for any reason, business or
                                                       18
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
