                                                                                    Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                          DA #: ___________

        10.     Advertising. Subsection 9.A. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted. Your
obligation under Subsection 9.C. to spend at least one-half percent (0.5%) of the Restaurant’s weekly
Gross Sales to advertise and promote your Restaurant locally begins on the day following the Expiration
Date.

        11.     Transfer. Subsection 12.C.(2)(g) of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following:

         Before the transfer’s proposed effective date, the transferee (if the transfer is of the
         franchise rights granted by this Agreement), or you must (if the transfer is of a controlling
         ownership interest in you or in an Entity that owns a controlling ownership interest in
         you), if we so require, sign our then-current form of franchise agreement and related
         documents, any and all of the provisions of which may differ materially from any and all
         of those contained in this Agreement, including the Royalty and the Fund and
         Cooperative Program contributions, provided, however, that the term of the new
         franchise agreement signed will equal the unexpired term of this Agreement;

       12.     Expiration of Successor Franchise Agreement. Section 13 of the Successor Franchise
Agreement is deleted in its entirety. You have no further renewal or successor franchise rights when the
Successor Franchise Agreement expires and must cease operating the Restaurant at that time.

      13.      Termination. The first sentence of Subsection 14.B. of the Successor Franchise
Agreement, and all of Subsections 14.B.(2) and (3), are deleted.

         14.     Covenant Not to Compete. Subsection 15.D.(3) of the Successor Franchise Agreement
is deleted and replaced with the following:

                 (3)     expiration of this Agreement,

      15.      Our Right to Purchase Restaurant. Subsection 15.E.(1)(c) of the Successor Franchise
Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:

                 (3)     expiration of this Agreement,

         16.     Exhibit B. Exhibit B of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted.

         17.      Release. As consideration for our granting you the rights under the Successor Franchise
Agreement, you and your affiliates, on your and their own behalf and on behalf of your and their
respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, agents, assigns, partners,
owners, members, directors, officers, principals, and employees (collectively, the “Releasing Parties”),
hereby forever release and discharge us and our affiliates, and our and their respective current and former
officers, directors, owners, principals, employees, agents, representatives, successors, and assigns
(collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all claims, damages (known and unknown), demands,
causes of action, suits, duties, and liabilities of any nature and kind (for purposes of this Section 17,
collectively, “Claims”) that you and any of the other Releasing Parties now have, ever had, or, but for this
document, hereafter would or could have against any of the Released Parties (a) arising out of or related
to the Released Parties’ grant of the franchise rights to you under the Expiring Franchise Agreement, (b)
arising out of or related to the Released Parties’ performance of, or alleged failure to perform, obligations
under the Expiring Franchise Agreement, or (c) otherwise arising from or related in any way to your and
the other Releasing Parties’ relationship, from the beginning of time to the Signing Date, with any of the
                                                        3
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B-4 – Successor Franchise Rider to Franchise Agreement
1625469943.2
