Construction and Opening of the Restaurant

We estimate it will be 9 to 12 months after you sign the Franchise Agreement and pay the initial
franchise fee before you open the Restaurant, but the timeframe could be longer depending on your
diligence in the site selection and leasing processes and existing market conditions.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and construct,
and/or make modifications to the Restaurant’s layout, design, equipment and fixtures that we
periodically specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location. You must notify
customers, and the design and layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that the
operation of the Other Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the Restaurant. At our
option, you may use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and
other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Restaurant or only for the
business associated with the Other Restaurants. (Multi-Brand Addendum – Section 4(a))

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and begin
operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Multi-Brand
Addendum – Section 4(b))

Advertising Obligations

Advertising and Development Fund

You must contribute to the Fund the amounts we periodically require (not to exceed 4.5% of the
Restaurant’s Gross Sales or 2.25% of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales for Non-Traditional Locations).
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that we or our affiliates own will contribute to the Fund on the same
percentage basis as franchisees. One or more franchisees operating their JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants in non-traditional venues (e.g., an airport) currently pay a lower Fund contribution than
you must pay. We have the right to collect for deposit into the Fund any advertising, marketing, or
similar allowances paid to us by suppliers that deal with JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and with
whom we agree to so deposit those allowances.

We or our designee will direct all programs the Fund finances, with sole control over the creative
concepts, graphics, materials, communications, media, and endorsements used as well as their
geographic, market, and media placement and allocation. The Fund may pay for preparing and
producing video, audio, and written materials and digital media (including conducting on-line Internet
and mobile advertising and marketing); developing, implementing, and maintaining an electronic
commerce Website and/or related strategies; administering national, regional, and multi-regional
marketing and advertising programs, including purchasing trade-journal, direct-mail, and other media
advertising; using advertising, promotion, and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide
assistance; and supporting public relations, market research, and other advertising, promotion, and
marketing activities. The Fund may advertise locally, regionally, and/or nationally in printed
materials, on radio or television, and/or on the Internet, as and however we think best. Our designees,
including a national advertising agency, currently produce all advertising and marketing materials.
The Fund periodically may give you samples of advertising, marketing, and promotional formats and
materials at no cost. We or our designee may sell you multiple copies of these materials at our or its
direct cost of producing them, plus any related shipping, handling, and storage charges.


                                                54
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
