We are a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC, which in turn is a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Jimmy John’s SPV Guarantor, LLC. We, Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC,
and Jimmy John’s SPV Guarantor, LLC were organized as part of the secured financing transaction
described below (the “Securitization Transaction”) and are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of
Jimmy John’s Holding Company LLC (“JJ Holdings”), which sits immediately above Jimmy John’s
LLC. JJ Holdings is also an indirect parent company of our affiliate Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC
(“JJF”). All of these Jimmy John’s entities share our principal business address.

JJF, which is considered our predecessor, was the franchisor of the JIMMY JOHN’S® system from
1993 until the closing of the Securitization Transaction in July 2017. JJF never has operated a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant or offered franchises in other lines of business. No other predecessors are
disclosable in this Item.

As noted above, we, Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC, and Jimmy John’s SPV Guarantor, LLC were
organized as part of the Securitization Transaction. As part of the Securitization Transaction, all
existing U.S. franchise agreements and related agreements for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants were
transferred to us, and we became the franchisor for all existing and future franchise and related
agreements. Ownership and control of all U.S. trademarks and certain other intellectual property
relating to the operation of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in the U.S. also were transferred to us.

At the closing of the Securitization Transaction, JJF, the original franchisor of the JIMMY JOHN’S®
system, entered into a management agreement with us, whereby JJF agreed to provide required
support and services to JIMMY JOHN’S® franchisees under their franchise agreements and also act
as our franchise sales agent. We pay management fees to JJF for these services. However, as the
franchisor, we are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all services we promise to
perform under your Franchise Agreement or other agreement signed with us are performed in
compliance with the applicable agreement, regardless of who actually performs these services on our
behalf.

Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs

Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand restaurant company, launched upon completion of the merger
between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a parent of the Buffalo Wild Wings brand in February 2018.
Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed below are our affiliates who own and administer the network of
franchised and company-owned restaurants operating under the Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, Buffalo
Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy John’s, Sonic, Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands. Unless otherwise
stated, all Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries share our principal business address. Except as described
below, none of Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries have ever operated or offered franchises for JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants or offered franchises in any other line of business.

       Arby’s Franchisor, LLC (“Arby’s Franchisor”) is the franchisor of Arby’s restaurants in the
       United States and certain countries internationally. Arby’s Restaurants offer a variety of high-
       quality proteins and sides, including slow-roasted, freshly-sliced roast beef, curly fries and
       shakes. Arby’s Franchisor has offered franchises for Arby’s restaurants since December 2015,
       but its predecessors have been franchising Arby’s restaurants since 1965. Predecessors and
       former affiliates of Arby’s Franchisor have, in the past, offered franchises for other restaurant
       concepts including T.J. Cinnamon’s® stores that served gourmet baked goods. All of the T.J.
       Cinnamon’s locations have closed. As of December 28, 2025, our 2025 fiscal year end, there

                                                 4
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
