                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                  (6)     if the price offered to you or your selling owner(s) for the interest proposed to be
         transferred includes all or a portion of the transfer fee referenced in Subsection 12.C.(7) above, we or
         our designee may reduce the purchase price we must pay (if we exercise the right of first refusal) by
         the amount of that transfer fee (or portion of the transfer fee).

Once you or your selling owner(s) submits the Offer and related information to us triggering the start of the
sixty (60) day decision period referenced above, the Offer is irrevocable during that sixty (60) day period.
This means we have the full sixty (60) day period to decide whether to exercise the right of first refusal and
may choose to do so even if you or your selling owner(s) changes your, his, her, or its mind during that
period and prefers after all not to sell the particular interest that is the subject of the Offer. You and your
selling owner(s) may not withdraw or revoke your Offer for any reason during the sixty (60) day period, and
we (or our designee) may exercise the right to purchase the particular interest in accordance with the terms of
this Subsection.

        If we exercise our right of first refusal, you and your selling owner(s) agree that, for two (2) years
beginning on the closing date, you and they will be bound by the non-competition covenant contained in
Subsection 15.D. below. We have the unrestricted right to assign this right of first refusal to a third party,
which then will have the rights described in this Subsection.

        If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, you or your owners may complete the sale to the
proposed buyer on the original Offer’s terms, but only if we otherwise approve the transfer in accordance
with, and you (and your owners) and the transferee comply with the conditions in, Subsections B and C
above. This means that, even if we do not exercise our right of first refusal (whether or not it is properly
triggered as provided above), if the proposed transfer otherwise would not be allowed under Subsections B
and C above, you (or your owners) may not move forward with the transfer at all.

         If you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer within sixty (60) days after we notify you that
we do not intend to exercise our right of first refusal, or if there is a material change in the terms of the sale
(which you agree to tell us promptly), we or our designee will have an additional right of first refusal during
the sixty (60) day period following either the expiration of the sixty (60) day period or our receipt of notice
of the material change(s) in the sale’s terms, either on the terms originally offered or the modified terms, at
our or our designee’s option.

13.      EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.

         A.      YOUR RIGHT TO ACQUIRE A SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE.

         When this Agreement expires:

               (1)      if you (and each of your owners) have substantially complied with this Agreement,
         and operated the Restaurant in substantial compliance with Brand Standards, during this
         Agreement’s term; and

                 (2)     if you (and each of your owners) are, both on the date you give us written notice of
         your election to acquire a successor franchise (as provided in Subsection 13.B. below) and on the
         date on which the term of the successor franchise is scheduled to commence, in full compliance with
         this Agreement and all Brand Standards; and

                (3)     provided that (a) you maintain possession of and agree (regardless of cost) to
         remodel and/or expand the Restaurant, add or replace improvements and Operating Assets, and

                                                       40
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
