                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

        5.      No Delivery. Since the Premises of the Restaurant are located at or within a Non-Traditional
Location, notwithstanding the second paragraph of Section 1.D of the Franchise Agreement, you shall not be
required nor permitted to offer delivery services from the Restaurant unless we otherwise specify in writing.

         6.     Lease. Except for the last paragraph of Section 2.B of the Franchise Agreement concerning
relocation, which shall remain in full force and effect, the remaining portions of Section 2.B of the Franchise
Agreement are deleted.

        7.       Exclusive Relationship. Subsections (a), (b) and (c) of Section 7 of the Franchise Agreement
are deleted in their entireties and replaced with the following:

                 (a)     have any direct or indirect controlling interest as an owner – whether of record,
        beneficial, or otherwise – in a Competitive Business operating at or within the Facility;

                (b)      have any direct or indirect non-controlling interest as an owner – whether of record,
        beneficial, or otherwise – in a Competitive Business operating at or within the Facility (except that
        equity ownership of less than two percent (2%) of a Competitive Business whose stock or other forms
        of ownership interest are publicly-traded on a recognized United States stock exchange will not be
        deemed to violate this subparagraph);

                (c)      perform services as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, representative,
        or agent for a Competitive Business operating at or within the Facility;

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we and you acknowledge that nothing in this Rider shall limit your or your
owners’ (or your or your owners’ spouses’) non-compete or other obligations under any other franchise
agreement.

        8.      Days and Hours of Operation. We recognize and acknowledge that the Restaurant will
operate at a Non-Traditional Location and will be required to be open and operating on those days and during
those hours that the Non-Traditional Location may set from time to time. Therefore, Subsection 8.A.(13) of
the Franchise Agreement is deleted.

        9.       Grand Opening Advertising. Section 9.A of the Franchise Agreement is deleted in its
entirety.

        10.      Advertising and Development Fund.

                 (a)       The second sentence of the first paragraph of Section 9.B. of the Franchise Agreement
        is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                 You agree to contribute to the Fund the weekly amounts we prescribe from
                 time to time, not to exceed two and a quarter percent (2.25%) of the
                 Restaurant’s Gross Sales, payable at the same time and in the same manner
                 as the Royalty.

                 (b)     The following paragraph is added to the end of Section 9.B. of the Franchise
        Agreement:

                 You acknowledge and agree that the Fund’s programs and expenditures may
                 not address the specific aspects of any particular Restaurant or the operation
                                                        2
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B-2 – Non-Traditional Rider to Franchise Agreement
1625469948.2
