       Early Opening Incentive. The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize
       franchisees to develop and commence operations of their Restaurants before the required
       opening date identified in the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development
       Agreement). If you qualify for the Standard or Strategic incentive programs, and you open
       the Restaurant(s) before the required opening date identified in the Franchise Agreement (or,
       if applicable, the Development Agreement), then we will charge you a 0% Royalty from the
       date you open and commence operations of the Restaurant until the required opening date
       identified in the Franchise Agreement (or, if applicable, the Development Agreement), up to
       6 months, then the applicable Royalty rate will apply. You may combine the Early Opening
       Incentive with our other incentive programs described in Item 6.

       VetFran Program. The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for
       honorably discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran
       or returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
       Development Agreement, Development Rider, or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies
       and signs a Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement to develop one or more
       Restaurants. Under the VetFran Program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
       Requirements, then we will provide you a Royalty credit equal to $10,000 for each Restaurant
       you develop and open in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement (and, if
       applicable, the Development Agreement) up to $100,000. You may combine the VetFran
       Program with our other incentive programs described in Item 6.

       Pioneer Incentive. The “Pioneer Incentive” program is designed to increase the penetration
       and presence of the Jimmy John’s brand in certain areas of the United States. You may qualify
       to participate in the Pioneer Incentive program if you are the first person to sign a new
       Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to develop 2 or more new Restaurants
       located within Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont. Under
       the Pioneer Incentive, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then we will
       provide a $50,000 Royalty credit for each of the first 2 Restaurants developed under the
       Development Agreement. As stated above, the Pioneer Incentive is only available to the first
       person to sign a new Development Agreement to develop and operate 2 or more new
       Restaurants within the states identified above, and therefore the Pioneer Incentive may not be
       available to you even if you sign a new Development Agreement to develop 2 or more new
       Restaurants within the states identified above. You may combine the Pioneer Incentive with
       our other incentive programs described in Item 6.

       Drive-Thru Remodel Incentive. The “Drive-Thru Remodel Incentive” program is designed to
       increase the presence of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants with a drive-thru. If you operate a
       JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant that currently does not have a drive-thru and you remodel the
       Restaurant upon signing the successor franchise agreement and/or during the term of your
       franchise agreement to add a drive-thru to the premises of the Restaurant, you may qualify for
       the Drive-Thru Remodel Incentive program. Under the Drive-Thru Remodel Incentive
       program, if you complete the remodel and re-open the Restaurant on or before December 31
       of the calendar year in which you begin the remodel or 6 months after the Restaurant closes
       for remodel, whichever is earlier, and satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then we
       will reduce your Royalty as follows:


                                               35
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
