We will account for the Fund separately from our other monies (although we need not keep Fund
contributions in a separate bank account) and not use the Fund for our general operating expenses.
However, the Fund may pay (i) the reasonable salaries and benefits of personnel managing and
administering the Fund and working on Fund business/activities, (ii) the Fund’s other administrative
costs, (iii) travel expenses of personnel while on Fund business, (iv) meeting costs, (v) overhead
relating to Fund business, and (vi) other expenses we or our designees incur in activities reasonably
related to administering or directing the Fund and its programs as well as collecting and accounting
for Fund contributions, including, without limitation, taxes we must pay on Fund contributions we
receive, conducting market research, public relations, and preparing advertising, promotion, and
marketing materials.

The Fund is not a trust. We have a contractual obligation to hold all Fund contributions for the
contributors’ benefit and to use contributions only for their permitted purposes (described above).
We have no fiduciary obligation to you for administering the Fund. The Fund may spend in any fiscal
year more or less than the total Fund contributions in that year, borrow from us or others (paying
reasonable interest) to cover deficits, or invest any surplus for future use. We will use interest earned
on Fund contributions to pay costs before spending the Fund’s other assets. The Fund will not be
used principally to develop materials and programs to solicit new franchise sales. However, media,
materials, and programs, including the franchise system Website, prepared using Fund contributions
may describe the JIMMY JOHN’S® franchise program, reference the availability of franchises and
related information, and process franchise leads. We will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of
Fund collections and expenses and give it to you upon written request. We may (but are not required
to) have the Fund audited, at the Fund’s expense, by an independent certified public accountant. We
may incorporate the Fund or operate it through a separate entity when we think best. The successor
entity will have all of the rights and duties described here.

During our 2025 fiscal year, 4.5% of system Gross Sales was paid into the Fund and allocated by JJF
for media purchasing, creative, development and production, certain technology enhancements and
deployment and overall costs of the Fund administration. Of the monies actually spent during 2025,
the breakdown was as follows:

          Media Placement – 50% on certain traditional television advertising, digital advertising,
           and social media advertising
          Production – 22% on production of media including television, digital, and social
           advertisements
          Administrative Expenses – 28% on general and administrative costs such as marketing
           team salaries and travel, and certain technology related costs (for example, maintenance
           and improvements to web/app)

The Fund’s principal purposes are to maximize recognition of the Marks, enhance system protection
of the Marks, and increase patronage of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Although we will try to use
the Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs, and to place advertising and
marketing, that will benefit all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, we need not ensure that Fund
expenditures in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to Fund contributions
by JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants operating in that geographic area, or that any JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant benefits from the development of advertising and marketing materials, or the placement
of advertising, directly or in proportion to its Fund contribution. (In other words, the Fund need not
spend any specific amount in your market area.) We may, at the Fund’s expense, use collection agents
                                                 55
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
