Regional Certified Training Program

We provide an optional training program to franchisees that desire to become a “Regional Certified
Training Store” and the General Manager becomes a “Regional Certified Training Manager.” Any
franchisee may nominate their store(s) or may be nominated by a member of Jimmy John’s franchise
field team. Upon nomination, a representative from the Jimmy John’s franchise field team will visit
and determine if the store is approved as a Regional Certified Training Store. Upon being nominated,
approved by the Jimmy John’s franchise field team, and the franchisee and General Manager deciding
to complete the necessary training to become a Regional Certified Training Store, the Jimmy John’s
Field Training Manager will provide the regional training store and manager training. The regional
training store and manager training is a train-the-trainer program and the attendees will learn how to
train other franchisees’ employees. The regional training store and manager training will last between
3 and 6 weeks, and will depend on whether the General Manager has completed the 4-week training
program and other relevant experience. We currently expect a Jimmy John’s Field Training Team
member to re-certify the Regional Certified Training Store annually to confirm that it is adhering to
program standards.

Manuals, workbooks, menus, and other training aids are used during the training programs. Kelli
Holmes, our Vice President of QSR Brand Training, oversees our training program. Kelli Holmes
has over 20 years’ experience in the restaurant industry and over 10 years’ experience with our
training programs. Other members of our training department also assist with training and
development of training.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance and
assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be intended
for stand-alone JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations.
We may modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that
are cross-trained to operate both the Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you must ensure
that all employees who provide services to the Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in the
Restaurant’s operation are properly trained to operate the Restaurant and otherwise satisfy our
requirements. We have no obligation to provide training, services or other assistant with respect to
the development or operation of any Other Restaurant (Sections 4(c) and 5 of the MBA). However,
you are required to complete all training required for the Other Restaurant(s), as described under each
applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement.

                                             ITEM 12
                                            TERRITORY

Franchise Agreement

You will operate the Restaurant at a specific location that we first must accept. If you have not located
the Restaurant’s premises as of the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, you must secure, by lease
or purchase, a suitable site within 12 months afterward, and we will identify in the Franchise
Agreement a nonexclusive area within which we expect you to look for a suitable site. We may
terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not secure the site within this 12-month period. You
may operate the Restaurant only at the approved premises and may not relocate without our approval,
which we may grant or deny as we deem best. Our acceptance of the proposed relocation depends on
                                                 67
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
