and institute legal proceedings to collect Fund contributions. We also may forgive, waive, settle, and
compromise all claims by or against the Fund. We assume no other direct or indirect liability or
obligation to you for collecting amounts due to, maintaining, directing, or administering the Fund.

We may at any time defer or reduce a franchisee’s Fund contributions and, upon 30 days’ prior written
notice to you, reduce or suspend Fund contributions and operations for one or more periods of any
length and terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Fund. If we terminate the Fund, we will at our
option spend all remaining Fund monies on permitted activities or distribute all unspent monies to
franchisees, and to us and our affiliates, in proportion to their, and our, respective contributions during
the preceding 12-month period.

Your Local Advertising Obligations

In addition to your Fund and Cooperative Program (defined below) contributions, you must spend,
beginning 120 days after you open the Restaurant, at least 0.5% of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross
Sales to advertise and promote your Restaurant locally (including the costs of sampling and special
promotions). At our request, you must send us within 30 days after the end of each month an
accounting of your expenditures, in the manner we require, for local advertising and promotion during
the preceding month, with receipts showing those expenditures. We may designate during the
franchise term which expenditures will, or will not, count toward these required advertising
expenditures.

You may not develop, maintain, or authorize any website, or user-generated content (including social
media pages and content for Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, SnapChat, Pinterest, X (f/k/a Twitter),
and other similar social media sites) we have not had the opportunity to approve or have disapproved
that mentions or describes the Restaurant or displays any of the Marks.

All advertising, promotion, and marketing must be completely clear, factual, and not misleading and
conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising and marketing and our advertising and
marketing policies. To protect the goodwill we and certain of our affiliates have accumulated in the
“JIMMY JOHN’S®” name and other Marks, we reserve the right to review all advertising,
promotional, or marketing materials on or in which you intend to use the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name
or other Marks. You must not use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials we have not
had the opportunity to approve or have disapproved. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.C.)

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, unless we otherwise specify or
approve, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the Restaurant
may reference any Other Restaurant or the brand(s) under which they operate. (Multi-Brand
Addendum - Section 4(f))

Cooperative Advertising Programs

We may identify a regional Television Broadcast Designated Market Area (“DMA”), as defined by
the Nielsen ratings system or another recognized market-analysis system, in which 1 or more JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants are located in order to establish a regional cooperative advertising program
for that DMA (“Cooperative Program”). (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.D.) The Cooperative
Program’s purpose will be to collect funds from its members and to plan, discuss, organize, develop,
utilize, produce, disseminate, and implement advertising and promotional programs and materials on

                                                  56
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
