Products, Permitted Brands, and other products and supplies so that your Restaurant operates at full
capacity. We periodically may change required and/or authorized Menu Items, Trade Secret Food
Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands. There are no limits on our right to do so. To the
extent allowed by applicable law, we may regulate the minimum, maximum, and other prices for
Menu Items and services your Restaurant offers as well as pricing methods and procedures for in-
store, delivery, and on-line/electronic orders.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer the products and
services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with
the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.

                                ITEM 17
         RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

                              THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.

          Provision       Section in Agreement                              Summary
 a.      Length of the     1.D. of FA, Contract    10 years from the day on which Restaurant first opens to
        franchise term     Data Schedule and 2     the public for business.
                          and 3 of DA, and 3 of
                           Successor Franchise     If you are renewing your existing franchise because it soon
                                   Rider           will expire, the successor franchise term is 10 years.

                                                   Term of Development Agreement depends on development
                                                   obligations.
 b.      Renewal or         13 of FA, 12 of        If you are in full compliance, you may acquire one
       extension of the   Successor Franchise      successor franchise on our then-current terms (which may
            term          Rider, and 3 of MBA      be materially different) for shorter of 10 years or your
                                                   lease term.

                                                   No renewal or extension of Development Agreement.

                                                   If you are renewing your existing franchise because it soon
                                                   will expire, you have right to acquire successor franchise on
                                                   our then-current terms (which may be materially different)
                                                   for one 10-year term.
 c.    Requirements for     13 of FA and 3 of      Give us timely notice; maintain possession of Restaurant
         franchisee to            MBA              premises or find acceptable substitute premises; remodel
       renew or extend                             Restaurant according to our then-current standards
                                                   (regardless of cost); pay us successor franchise fee; satisfy
                                                   our training requirements; and sign new franchise
                                                   agreement and other documents we use to grant franchises,
                                                   including release (if applicable state law allows).




                                                  76
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
