a collective basis (and to cover related expenses) for the sale of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
products in the DMA.

If we establish a Cooperative Program in your area, you and your Restaurant must participate in, and
will automatically become a member of (without further action), the Cooperative Program as
described below. The members of the Cooperative Program in a DMA will be all JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants located in that DMA, including those operated by us and our affiliates.

You must appoint one person to represent your interests at Cooperative Program meetings. The
representative must be an owner, director, officer, or Restaurant manager. The Cooperative Program
may rely on that representative’s decisions, votes, and consents at meetings and in other
communications without further inquiry. One representative may represent you and other franchisees
and multiple JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants as long as he or she has valid proxies or other
authorizations.

We may control the Cooperative Program’s formation, organization, governance, administration, and
operation, including all advertising, marketing, and promotional activities, regardless of the number
of members. We may periodically issue rules and instructions for the Cooperative Program’s
operation with which you and your Restaurant must comply. The Cooperative Program will hold
meetings as we deem necessary to conduct business, although the Cooperative Program’s affairs may
be handled through any means (e.g., email) that communicate with the Cooperative Program’s
members. You will receive notices of meetings at least 7 days in advance. Your failure to receive
notice of a meeting will not invalidate any action validly taken by franchisees at the meeting.

The Cooperative Program will formulate a budget to pay the advertising expenses and costs it incurs.
We may establish minimum financial reporting requirements (subject to change periodically) with
which the Cooperative Program must comply. You or your Operations Partner has the right during
normal business hours, at your own expense, to personally and individually (i.e., not through a third-
party representative, accountant, or consultant) examine the Cooperative Program’s books and
records with respect to monies contributed to the Cooperative Program directly by franchisees (this
does not include Fund contributions we may voluntarily allocate to the Cooperative Program).

You must contribute to the Cooperative Program for your Restaurant’s DMA the amounts we
periodically specify, although this amount will not exceed 2% of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales. You
must pay your minimum contribution at the time, in the manner, on the terms, and with the report we
periodically specify. Contributions are not refundable. This contribution is in addition to (and not in
place of) your required Fund contributions and local advertising requirements described above. (We
currently do not require a separate Cooperative Program contribution from you.)

Cooperative Program members might participate in the Cooperative Program at varying levels
because of the different Gross Sales levels of their JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Cooperative
Program contributions need not be uniform for all members.

We may, but have no obligation to, have Cooperative Program contributions deposited to the
Cooperative Program’s credit in banks or other depositories as we deem appropriate. You assign to
the Cooperative Program any promotional and/or marketing allowances or similar compensation to
be given or paid directly to you (as opposed to us or our affiliates) due to your Restaurant’s purchase
of products and services under any programs or arrangements negotiated and established on behalf of
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA with the understanding or expectation that such
                                                57
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
