our 2025 fiscal year, we charged development fees ranging from $0 to $10,000 for each Restaurant
to be developed.

We and you will determine the number of Restaurants you must develop, and the dates by which you
must develop them, before signing the Development Agreement. Except to the extent we describe
below for our incentive programs, no portion of the development fee is refundable under any
circumstances.

Assets of Existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant

If you have the opportunity to buy the assets of an existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant from JJE,
you will sign an asset purchase agreement (and related materials) with JJE and a Franchise Agreement
with us. You will pay JJE the applicable purchase price according to the terms of the asset purchase
agreement. The purchase price for an affiliated JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant depends on the
Restaurant’s age, location, condition, profitability, cash flow, and other relevant market factors. If
you exercise the opportunity to purchase an affiliate-owned Restaurant, then JJE and you will
negotiate the appropriate purchase price. The purchase price is not refundable once paid.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due under
each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial fees described in this
Item. If you operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may qualify for
one or more incentives described in Item 6.

If we permit you to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must
complete all training required for the Other Restaurant(s) under each applicable Other Franchisor’s
franchise agreement in addition to the training required for the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. We
currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses for any additional
or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2026.

Incentives

We reserve the right to reduce or waive initial franchise fees for, and to offer special development
incentives (including incentive payments) to, one or more franchisees on a case-by-case basis under
certain circumstances. These circumstances may include providing economic incentives for large,
sophisticated restaurant operators to open multiple new Restaurants in a development territory on an
expedited basis, for existing franchisees to open additional Restaurants or for existing franchisees to
take over operating Restaurants or to reopen closed Restaurants. The amount of any fee reductions,
waivers, or development incentives depends on what we think is best for the JIMMY JOHN’S®
brand in the particular situation. Some of our incentive programs are described in Item 6.




                                                 26
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
