Permitted Brands, and other products and supplies; knowledge of the operating results and financial
performance of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants other than your Restaurant; graphic designs and
related intellectual property; all password-protected portions of our franchise system’s Website,
intranets, and extranets and the information they contain (including the email addresses of our
franchisees); and any other confidential or proprietary information that is marked as confidential upon
disclosure or within 30 days afterward or that, by its nature, should reasonably be understood to be
confidential.

You may not use our confidential information in an unauthorized manner. You may not sell, trade,
or otherwise profit in any way from the confidential information, except during the term of the
Franchise Agreement using methods we approve. You will keep the confidential information
absolutely confidential, both during the term of the Franchise Agreement and thereafter as long as the
information is not in the public domain, and will not make unauthorized copies of any confidential
information disclosed in written or other tangible or intangible form or otherwise combine any
confidential information with any other information you may already have. You must adopt and
implement reasonable steps to prevent its improper disclosure to others, including restricting its use
to Restaurant personnel and others needing to know the confidential information to operate the
Restaurant, and using non-disclosure agreements with those having access to confidential
information. We reserve the right to pre-approve the forms of non-disclosure agreements you use
solely to ensure that you adequately protect confidential information. Under no circumstances will
we control the forms or terms of employment agreements you choose to use with your employees or
otherwise be responsible for your labor relations or employment practices. You must keep copies of
non-disclosure agreements and send them to us upon request solely for us to confirm your compliance
with your confidentiality obligations.

You must always keep your written copy of, and other tangible materials comprising, the Confidential
Operations locked in the Restaurant’s safe except when they are in use. You may never remove the
Confidential Operations from the Restaurant or copy, duplicate, or distribute them in any manner.

Innovations

All ideas, concepts, techniques, or materials concerning a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, whether or
not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your owners or employees,
must be promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property, part of
the system, and works made-for-hire for us. To the extent any item does not qualify as a “work made-
for-hire” for us, through the Franchise Agreement you assign ownership of that item, and all related
rights to that item, to us and must take whatever action (including signing assignment or other
documents) we request to show our ownership or to help us obtain intellectual-property rights in the
item.

                              ITEM 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE
                              BUSINESS

You must at all times faithfully, honestly, and diligently perform your contractual obligations and use
best efforts to promote and enhance the Restaurant and the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. Brand
Standards may regulate the Restaurant’s minimum staffing levels necessary to meet those Brand
Standards, certified manager training, and uniform dress code. Neither we nor our affiliates have any

                                                74
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
