                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

        We may require you to pay any amounts due to us or our affiliates under this Agreement (or
otherwise) other than by automatic debit (e.g., by check) whenever we deem appropriate, and you agree to
comply with our payment instructions.

4.       TRAINING AND CERTIFIED-MANAGER SHIFT COVERAGE.

         A.      TRAINING.

        The training and related requirements, including certified-manager-shift-coverage requirements
(“Training Requirements”), described in this Section 4.A. are the Training Requirements in effect as of the
date on which we first issued this version of Franchise Agreement. If we change the Training Requirements
for the Franchise System any time after that issuance date, you agree to comply with the updated Training
Requirements in connection with your Restaurant’s operation despite the provisions currently described in
this Section 4.A.

                  (1)      Initial Training and Assistance. Before the Restaurant opens for business, your
         Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to become certified will be trained
         on the material aspects of operating a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, excluding aspects relating to
         labor relations and employment practices. Three (3) weeks of training (although training may be
         longer or shorter depending on the attendees’ experience and needs) will be provided at a designated
         training facility of our choice and/or at an operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. Your Operations
         Partner also must successfully complete an apprenticeship program, which is not less than four (4)
         weeks long.

                 Your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to become certified
         must complete to our satisfaction the three (3) week initial training program and, as applicable, the
         apprenticeship program in order to become certified. Your Operations Partner and other on-site
         managers that you have designated to become certified will not be deemed to be certified unless they
         complete to our satisfaction initial training and, as applicable, the apprenticeship program. If you are
         a Passive Investment Company or owned directly or indirectly by a Passive Investment Company,
         we may require that training be completed to our satisfaction by specific persons in the Passive
         Investment Company’s control group (which will depend on the Passive Investment Company’s
         specific structure and may include the ultimate control person, even if that person will not be
         involved in the Restaurant’s operations). A “Passive Investment Company” means an entity
         (including one or more of its affiliates) whose primary purpose is to invest at various levels in
         multiple, varied business opportunities and/or other profit-generating activities and not either to
         invest primarily in JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants or to actively manage or participate in the day-to-
         day operations of one or more JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.

                  Training will include homework assignments and proficiency examinations that the
         participants must successfully complete before they may proceed to the next stage. Otherwise, the
         participants must wait and start over at the next available training program. After completing the
         training program, attendees must pass both operations-proficiency and operations-skills tests. As
         noted above, your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to become
         certified must pass the operations-proficiency test and receive management certification.

                 If one of your proposed on-site certified managers has been certified in the past but has not
         worked and actively managed shifts at a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant for at least the past six (6)
         months, even though he or she might have done so before then, that manager no longer is considered
         to be certified and, to be re-certified, must qualify for and re-attend and complete to our satisfaction
                                                       12
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
