                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

compliance. We own the plans and all adaptations of the plans for your Restaurant. The Restaurant’s layout
and design are in our sole judgment.

        Before beginning the Restaurant construction process, you must identify your proposed general
contractor. That general contractor must have sufficient experience (in our opinion) constructing similar
types of commercial properties. We have the right to accept your proposed general contractor in writing
before you hire it to construct the Restaurant. You may not hire any general contractor we reject. We may
designate the general contractor you must use (with which you will contract directly) instead of allowing you
to choose your own.

         You agree to send us construction plans and specifications for review before you begin constructing
the Restaurant and all revised or “as built” plans and specifications during construction. Because our review
is limited to ensuring your compliance with our design and layout requirements, our review might not assess
compliance with federal, state, or local laws and regulations, including the ADA, as compliance with these
laws is your responsibility. You must inform us of any changes to the Restaurant’s specifications you believe
are necessary to ensure such compliance. We may inspect the Premises while you are developing the
Restaurant. You (and not we) are responsible for the performance of architects, contractors, and
subcontractors you hire to develop and maintain the Restaurant and to ensure that sufficient insurance
coverage is in place during the construction process.

         You agree to do the following, at your own expense, to develop the Restaurant at the Premises:

                 (1)     secure all financing required to develop and operate the Restaurant;

                 (2)     obtain all required building, utility, sign, health, sanitation, business, and other
         permits and licenses;

                 (3)     construct all required improvements to the Premises and decorate the Restaurant
         according to approved plans and specifications;

                  (4)     obtain all customary contractors’ sworn statements and partial and final waivers of
         lien for construction, remodeling, decorating, and installation services;

                  (5)     purchase or lease, and install, all required fixtures, furniture, equipment (including
         required computer, and point-of-sale information systems, back office systems for reporting and
         inventory purposes, and, upon our request, video security system), furnishings, and signs
         (collectively, “Operating Assets”) for the Restaurant; and

                 (6)     purchase an opening inventory of required and authorized Trade Secret Food
         Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other products, materials, and supplies to begin
         operating the Restaurant.

         D.      OPERATING ASSETS AND OTHER INITIAL AND ONGOING PURCHASES FOR
                 RESTAURANT.

        You agree to use in operating the Restaurant only those Operating Assets we designate or approve
for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants as meeting Jimmy John’s specifications and standards for quality, design,
appearance, function, and performance. You may not install or otherwise operate at the Premises any
unauthorized vending or similar machines. You agree to place or display at the Premises (interior and
exterior), and on any permitted delivery vehicles, only the signs, emblems, lettering, logos, and display
materials we approve from time to time.
                                                       7
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
