       square feet of space. Rent depends on geographic location, size, local rental rates, businesses
       in the area, site profile, and other factors and could be considerably higher in large
       metropolitan areas. JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants typically are located in strip shopping
       centers, shopping malls, free-standing units, and other venues in downtown commercial areas
       and in suburban areas. JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that operate at strip shopping centers
       typically share one or more common walls with unrelated retail or other locations and could
       be an anchor or endcap location, inline location, or a location in a high density, multiple level
       building (typically urban/downtown office building setting) with shared common wall(s) and
       ceiling/floor (s). This estimate contemplates a security deposit equal to one month’s rent. You
       might be required to pay a larger security deposit. We anticipate you will rent the Restaurant’s
       premises. It is possible, however, that you might choose to buy, rather than rent, real estate
       on which a building suitable for the Restaurant already is constructed or could be constructed.
       Real estate costs depend on location, size, visibility, economic conditions, accessibility,
       competitive market conditions, and the type of ownership interest you are buying. Because
       numerous variables affect the value of a particular piece of real estate, this initial investment
       table does not reflect the potential purchase cost of real estate or the costs of constructing a
       building suitable for the Restaurant. This initial investment table also reflects the costs of
       developing a drive-thru location. Drive-thru locations are more expensive because of, among
       other things, the larger restaurant size and the additional required construction/leasehold
       improvement and fixtures and equipment.

(3)    Leasehold improvement costs—including floor covering, wall treatment, counters, ceilings,
       painting, window coverings, electrical, carpentry, and similar work, and contractor’s fees—
       depend on the site’s condition, location, and size; the demand for the site among prospective
       lessees; the site’s previous use; the build-out required to conform the site for your Restaurant;
       and any construction or other allowances the landlord grants. The lower figure assumes the
       landlord bears many leasehold improvement costs (which it then might include in the rent).
       See note 2 above regarding drive-thru locations.

(4)    This includes refrigerators, freezers, ovens, point-of-sale system, computer, stereo,
       telephones, signage, and (if directed) a video security system. The investment amount might
       increase depending on whether or not the location offers drive-thru and the amount of interior
       seating. See note 2 above regarding drive-thru locations.

(5)    This includes a desk, chair, and safe.

(6)    You might be required to pay deposits for telephone service and gas, electric, and other
       utilities.

(7)    This includes food and beverage products, paper products, cleaning supplies, and printing and
       other supplies.

(8)    You are not required to conduct a Restaurant “grand opening” marketing program, either
       before or after your Restaurant opens. However, if you choose to have this type of event, we
       recommend you schedule it for 90 to 120 days after the Restaurant opens and spend $3,000 to
       $5,000 for advertising and promotional items.

(9)    You must obtain and maintain certain types and amounts of insurance in the amounts, covering
       the risks, and including the provisions we periodically specify. Insurance costs depend on
                                                42
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
