       no local marketing obligation, depending on their circumstances. We may (in our sole
       judgment) waive or reduce the transfer fee for distressed restaurant transfers and other
       circumstances we deem appropriate. No fee is refundable. (However, as described in Item 5,
       if your Operations Partner or an on-site manager that you have designated to become certified
       cancels participation in a training class or program, the training fee you paid might be partially
       credited toward a future training class or program. The credit will not exceed 50% of the
       training fee you paid; you will receive no credit if your Operations Partner or an on-site
       manager that you have designated to become certified cancels participation in a training class
       or program 2 weeks or less before its scheduled date.)

(2)    The standard Royalty is 6% of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales. Our incentive programs are
       described below:

       Standard Incentive. You may qualify for the “Standard” incentive program if you sign a
       Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2027 to develop and operate a Jimmy John’s®
       Restaurant within the Standard Markets. You may also qualify for the Standard incentive
       program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to develop
       1 or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located within the Standard Markets. You may
       qualify for the Standard incentive program if you sign the Incentives Amendment (Exhibit C-
       1) to an existing Development Agreement or Development Rights Rider on or before March
       31, 2027, to amend your existing development schedule to add 1 or more new Jimmy John’s®
       Restaurants within the Standard Markets to the development schedule. Lastly, you may also
       qualify for the Standard incentive program if (a) you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before
       March 31, 2027, to develop and operate a previously closed Jimmy John’s® Restaurant
       (without relocating it) in the Standard Markets, (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is
       signed, the Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar
       days, and (c) you are not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer.

                          [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK.]




                                                 32
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
