in the approved JIMMY JOHN’S® customer loyalty program. The equipment costs approximately
$800 to $1,200 depending on the number of card readers, and the monthly fees are approximately
$100.

The third parties whose products you buy have no contractual right or obligation to provide ongoing
maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates unless you obtain a service contract (as provided above)
or a warranty covers the product.

You must upgrade any computer-based system and/or obtain service and support as we require or as
necessary because of technological developments. There are no contractual limitations on the
frequency and cost of this obligation. We need not reimburse you for any of these costs. We have
independent, unlimited access to the information the system generates. We or our affiliates may
condition any license of proprietary software to you, or your use of technology we or our affiliates
develop or maintain, on your signing the software license agreement or similar document we or our
affiliates prescribe to regulate your use of, and our and your respective rights and responsibilities
concerning, the software or technology. We or our affiliates may charge up-front and ongoing weekly
or monthly fees for any proprietary software or technology licensed to you and for other maintenance
and support services provided during the franchise term. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2.E.)

Training

Initial Training and Assistance

The training and related requirements, including certified-manager-shift-coverage requirements
(“Training Requirements”), described in this training section are the Training Requirements in effect
as of the date on which we issued this disclosure document. If we change the Training Requirements
for the franchise system any time after that issuance date, you must comply with the updated Training
Requirements with respect to your Restaurant’s operation despite the provisions currently described
below (and even if you already signed your Franchise Agreement).

 Before the Restaurant opens for business, your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you
have designated to become certified will be trained on the material aspects of operating a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant, excluding aspects relating to labor relations and employment practices. Three
weeks of training (although training may be longer or shorter depending on the attendees’ experience
and needs) will be provided at a designated training facility of our choice and/or at an operating
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.

Your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to become certified must
complete to our satisfaction the 4 week initial training program and, as applicable, the apprenticeship
program in order to become certified. If you are a Passive Investment Company or owned directly or
indirectly by a Passive Investment Company, we may require that training be completed to our
satisfaction by specific persons in the Passive Investment Company’s control group (which will
depend on the Passive Investment Company’s specific structure and may include the ultimate control
person, even if that person will not be involved in the Restaurant’s operations). A “Passive
Investment Company” means an entity (including one or more of its affiliates) whose primary purpose
is to invest at various levels in multiple, varied business opportunities and/or other profit-generating
activities and not either to invest primarily in JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants or to actively manage
or participate in the day-to-day operations of one or more JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.

                                                 60
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
