                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

                (a)     Franchisee shall design and construct, and/or make modifications to, the Franchised
        Restaurant’s layout, design, equipment and fixtures that Franchisor specifies to reflect the multi-brand
        location.

                (b)     Franchisee agrees that its (or Co-Operators’) development and operation of the Other
        Restaurants shall not unreasonably interfere with or otherwise disrupt the Franchised Restaurant’s
        operations. The operation of the Other Restaurants must be consistent with and complement
        Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Restaurant.

                (c)    Franchisee acknowledges that the services, guidance and assistance that Franchisor
        provides under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be intended for stand-alone
        Brand Restaurants and not tailored or specific to multi-brand locations like the Franchised Restaurant.

                (d)     Franchisee may not open and begin operating the Franchised Restaurant unless the
        Other Restaurants are also open and in operation. Franchisee shall ensure that the Other Restaurants
        are open and operating during all business hours that the Franchised Restaurant is open and operating.

                (e)     Franchisee must use paper products and other items bearing the Brand Restaurants’
        trademarks and trade names only at the Franchised Restaurant and with products served by the
        Franchised Restaurant, and Franchisee (or its Co-Operators) may not use them at the Other Restaurants
        or with products served by the Other Restaurants.

                (f)      Franchisee (and, if applicable, its Co-Operators) shall notify the customers of the
        Franchised Restaurant and the Other Restaurants, and the design and layout of the Franchised
        Restaurant and Other Restaurants shall reflect, all in the manner Franchisor periodically specifies, that
        the operation of the Other Restaurants is separate from and independent of the Franchised Restaurant.
        Without limiting the foregoing, at Franchisor’s option, Franchisee (and, if applicable, its Co-
        Operators) may use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and
        other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Franchised Restaurant and not
        the Other Restaurants. Likewise, at Franchisor’s option, Franchisee (and, if applicable, its Co-
        Operators) may use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and
        other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Other Restaurants and not the
        Franchised Restaurant. Unless Franchisor otherwise specifies or approves, none of the advertising,
        marketing or promotional materials associated with the Franchised Restaurant may reference the Other
        Restaurants or the brand(s) under which the Other Restaurants operate.

                 (g)     all of the Franchised Restaurant’s sales must be entered only on the point-of-sale
        system that Franchisor approves for the Franchised Restaurant. Franchisee (and, if applicable, Co-
        Operators) shall maintain separate books and records for the Franchised Restaurant and the Other
        Restaurants and shall not commingle the revenues of the Franchised Restaurant with the revenues of
        the Other Restaurants. Franchisor and Franchisee agree that Franchisee shall pay royalties or
        continuing franchise fees, advertising/brand fund contributions or continuing advertising fees, and/or
        similar payments based on Gross Sales under the Franchise Agreement only on the Gross Sales derived
        from the Franchised Restaurant and not on the sales or revenue of the Other Restaurants. Franchisee
        agrees to deliver to Franchisor, at such times that Franchisor periodically specifies, sales information
        and other reports relating to the Other Restaurants.

                 (h)     Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor shall have no obligation to provide any
        training, services or other assistance with respect to the development or operation of the Other
        Restaurants.


                                                     2
2026 Multi-Brand Location Addendum to Franchise Agreement
1625635754.2
