                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

         the training program for which we in our sole discretion deem the manager to be qualified (which
         may be a re-certification program offered through our learning management system or the one-week
         or three-week training program). All employee/trainees working in one of your existing JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants must, before they will be allowed to attend training to become a certified
         manager, successfully complete all team member and manager curriculum provided by us. The
         trainees must complete a pre-enrollment test to our satisfaction.

                 If your Operations Partner cannot complete initial training or the apprenticeship program to
         our satisfaction, we may terminate this Agreement.
                  Your Operations Partner may request additional or repeat training at the end of the initial
         training and apprenticeship programs, for which you must pay then applicable charges, if he or she
         does not feel sufficiently trained in the operation of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. We and you
         will jointly determine the duration of this additional training. However, if your Operations Partner
         completes to our satisfaction the initial training and apprenticeship programs, and does not expressly
         inform us at the end of those programs that he or she does not feel sufficiently trained in the
         operation of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, then the Operations Partner will be deemed to have
         been trained sufficiently to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.

                 When the Restaurant is ready to open for business, we will, at our own cost, send a
         representative to the Restaurant to assist during its initial opening period. You will receive twenty-
         four (24) hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is your first JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurant, sixteen (16) hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is your second JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurant, and eight (8) hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is your third
         or subsequent JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.

                 If you request (and we agree to provide), or we believe you need, additional guidance or
         support during this opening phase, excluding training relating to labor relations and employment
         practices, you agree to pay then-applicable charges, including the daily charges and travel and living
         expenses of our or our representative’s personnel.

                 (2)     Ongoing Training. We may require your Operations Partner and/or previously
         trained and experienced managers to attend and complete to our satisfaction any training courses we
         periodically choose to provide during this Agreement’s term, at the times and locations we designate.
         We may charge reasonable registration or similar fees for these courses. However, we will not
         require attendance at more than two (2) such courses, or for more than a total of ten (10) business
         days, during a calendar year. Besides attending these courses, at our request (in our sole discretion)
         you agree to attend an annual meeting of all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees at a location
         we designate. Attendance will not be required for more than four (4) days during any calendar year.
         You agree to pay all costs to attend.

                 If you hire or appoint new or additional on-site managers for the Restaurant during this
         Agreement’s term, we may require them to complete to our satisfaction our then-current initial
         training and (depending on the experience of any remaining on-site managers) apprenticeship
         programs. We may charge reasonable fees for training new managers. You agree to pay all travel and
         living expenses your employees incur during all training courses and programs. You agree to assist
         us in training other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees. Your out-of-pocket expenses for
         providing this assistance will be reimbursed.



                                                       13
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
