                                                Hours Of         Hours Of On-
                                                Classroom          The-Job
                  Subject                        Training          Training             Location
 Opening Procedures, Sandwich
                                                                                    Certified Training
 Preparation, Slicing, Bread Baking,
                                                                                      Facility or an
 Systems & Procedures, Equipment
                                                      0              34-37           operating Jimmy
 Overview, Product Ordering, End of Week
                                                                                    John’s Restaurant
 Procedures, End of Shift Procedures and
                                                                                       we designate
 Brand Standards Overview
 TOTAL                                                6              34-37

District Manager Training

The training and related requirements described in this “District Manager Training” section are the
District Manager training requirements in effect as of the date on which we issued this disclosure
document. If we change the District Manager training requirements for the franchise system at any
time after that issuance date, you must comply with the updated District Manager training
requirements with respect to your Restaurants, despite the provisions currently described below (and
even if you already signed your Franchise Agreements).

If the Restaurant is the third JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant owned by you and/or your affiliates, you
must hire or appoint a District Manager. The District Manager may not also be an in-Restaurant
manager. The District Manager must attend and complete to our satisfaction all Certified Manager
training, including the 4-week initial training program. If the District Manager has at least 6 previous
months of experience as an in-Restaurant manager, he or she need not attend the 4-week
apprenticeship program. The District Manager also must attend and successfully complete to our
satisfaction District Manager training, which currently includes virtual training and attendance at a
regional District Manager Training Workshop in Champaign, Illinois, Atlanta, Georgia, or other
location we designate. Attendees also must prove to us they can execute all tasks and skills covered
during training. If an attendee does not successfully complete training the first time, he or she may
apply to enroll in the next available training class. Your District Manager will lose certification for
that position 12 months after he or she ceases to serve in that role.

You may not open the Restaurant (if it is the third JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant owned by you and/or
your affiliates) unless your District Manager is in position and has successfully completed all required
training. You also must have a District Manager for every 3 to 5 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
owned by you and/or your affiliates. In other words, you and/or your affiliates must have 1 District
Manager for at least every 3 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you and/or your affiliates own and
operate, and the District Manager may not manage more than 5 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Once
you and/or your affiliates reach 6 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, you must hire/appoint a second
District Manager, and then continue to hire/appoint new District Managers as you open new JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants, so that no District Manager is responsible for any more than five (5) JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants. When you open your sixth JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, or at any time
thereafter, your Operations Partner may assume a Director of Operations position (or continue to be
a District Manager along with your other District Managers). If you and/or your affiliates have
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in different markets, you must have separate District Managers with
responsibility for each market.
                                                 66
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
