                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

Restaurant in accordance with the Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement on or
before the deadline in the Development Schedule (the “Applicable Opening Deadline”), (c) you build that
Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us in accordance with the
Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement, and (d) you provide to us a report, in the
format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in
various categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the
Restaurant first opens for business (collectively, the “Incentive Eligibility Requirements”). If you fail to satisfy
any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, or any other conditions for the applicable incentive, that
incentive programs below will not apply to the Restaurant(s).

         2.      Standard Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the Standard
Incentive] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2027 to develop one or more
New Commitments each located within the Standard Markets Territory (defined below), each Incentive
Commitment you agree to develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “Standard
Incentive” or “Standard” incentive program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements with respect
to that Restaurant. The “Standard Markets Territory” includes: Alpena MI, Amarillo TX, Augusta GA, Austin
TX, Baltimore MD, Birmingham AL, Bowling Green KY, Casper-Riverton WY, Charleston SC, Charleston-
Huntington WV, Charlottesville VA, Cincinnati OH, Columbia SC, Columbus OH, Columbus-Tupelo-West
Point MS, Denver CO, Dothan AL, Duluth MN-Superior WI, El Paso TX (Las Cruces NM), Erie PA, Eugene
OR, Fargo-Valley City ND, Ft. Wayne IN, Green Bay-Appleton WI, Greensboro NC, Jackson TN, Joplin MO-
Pittsburg KS, Kansas City MO, Las Vegas NV, Lexington KY, Lima OH, Little Rock-Pine Bluff AR,
Louisville KY, Medford-Klamath Falls OR, Memphis TN, Minneapolis-St. Paul MN, Minot-Bismarck-
Dickinson ND, Nashville TN, New Orleans LA, New York NY, Norfolk VA, North Platte NE, Oklahoma City
OK, Pittsburgh PA, Portland OR, Raleigh-Durham (Fayetteville) NC, Reno NV, San Antonio TX, Sherman
TX-Ada OK, Shreveport LA, St. Joseph MO, St. Louis MO, Tallahassee FL-Thomasville GA, Toledo OH,
Topeka KS, Twin Falls ID, Waco-Temple-Bryan TX, Wichita Falls TX and Lawton OK. If you satisfy the
Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:

                 a.      We will credit $125,000, toward the Royalty owed under that Franchise Agreement.

              a.       The Advertising and Development Fund contributions under the applicable Franchise
        Agreement will be amended as set forth below:

                  Duration of Effective Fund Contribution Rate           Effective Fund Contribution Rate
                             Opening through Year 1                                     2%
                              Year 2 through Year 3                                     3%
                      Year 4 through remainder of the term                             4.5%

        3.       Strategic Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the Strategic Incentive]
Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2027 to develop one or more New
Commitments within the Strategic Markets Territory (defined below), each Incentive Commitment you agree
to develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “Strategic” incentive program, if
you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements with respect to that Restaurant. The “Strategic Markets
Territory” includes: Albany GA, Albany-Schenectady-Troy NY, Atlanta GA, Bakersfield CA, Biloxi-Gulfport
MS, Binghamton NY, Charlotte NC, Columbus GA, Fresno-Visalia CA, Gainesville FL, Greenville-New
Bern-Washington NC, Harlingen-Weslaco-Brownsville-Mcallen TX, Hartford & New Haven CT, Helena MT,
Houston TX, Huntsville-Decatur (Florence) AL, Jackson MS, Johnstown-Altoona PA, Jonesboro AR, Lake
Charles LA, Laredo TX, Los Angeles CA, Macon GA, Marquette MI, Meridian MS, Miami-Ft. Lauderdale
FL, Mobile AL-Pensacola (Ft. Walton Beach) FL, Montgomery (Selma) AL, Myrtle Beach-Florence SC,
Orlando-Daytona Beach-Melbourne FL, Palm Springs CA, Parkersburg WV, Roanoke-Lynchburg VA,
Rochester NY, Sacramento-Stockton-Modesto CA, Salisbury MD, San Angelo TX, San Diego CA, San
                                                      2
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit C-1 – Incentives Amendment to Development Agreement
1625469940.2
