                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

         If Our Notice states that you must cure certain deficiencies of the Restaurant or its operation as a
condition to our granting you a successor franchise, we will give you written notice of our decision not to
grant you a successor franchise, based upon your failure to cure those deficiencies, at least ninety (90) days
before this Agreement expires. However, we need not give you this ninety (90) days’ notice if we decide not
to grant you a successor franchise due to your breach of this Agreement during the ninety (90) day period
before it expires. If we fail to give you:

                 (a)      notice of deficiencies in the Restaurant, or in your operation of the Restaurant,
         within ninety (90) days after we receive your timely election to acquire a successor franchise (if we
         elect to grant you a successor franchise under subparagraphs (2) and (b) above); or

                 (b)     notice of our decision not to grant you a successor franchise at least ninety (90) days
         before this Agreement expires, if this notice is required,

we may unilaterally extend this Agreement’s term for the time period necessary to give you either reasonable
time to correct deficiencies or the ninety (90) days’ notice of our refusal to grant a successor franchise. If you
fail to notify us of your election to acquire a successor franchise within the prescribed time period, we need
not grant you a successor franchise.

         C.      AGREEMENTS/RELEASES.

         If you satisfy all of the other conditions for a successor franchise, you and your owners agree to
execute the form of franchise agreement and any ancillary agreements we then customarily use in granting
franchises for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants (modified as necessary to reflect that it is for a successor
franchise), which may contain provisions that differ materially from any and all of those contained in this
Agreement (and will grant no further successor franchise rights). You and your owners further agree to sign
general releases, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our owners, affiliates,
officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns. We will consider your or your owners’ failure
to sign these agreements and releases and to deliver them to us for acceptance and execution (together with
the successor franchise fee) within thirty (30) days after their delivery to you to be an election not to acquire
a successor franchise.

14.      TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.

         A.      BY YOU.

         If you and your owners are fully complying with this Agreement and we materially fail to comply
with this Agreement and do not correct the failure within thirty (30) days after you deliver written notice of
the material failure to us or, if we cannot correct the failure within thirty (30) days, do not give you within
thirty (30) days after your notice reasonable evidence of our effort to correct the failure within a reasonable
time (which may extend beyond that thirty (30) days), you may terminate this Agreement effective an
additional thirty (30) days after you deliver to us written notice of termination. (The time period during
which we may cure any alleged material failure to comply with this Agreement after receiving notice from
you is called the “Cure Period.”) However, if we send you written notice during the Cure Period indicating
either that (1) we do not agree that we have materially failed to comply with this Agreement, or (2) we have
fully corrected the failure, then you may not terminate this Agreement.

        Your termination of this Agreement other than according to this Subsection 14.A. will be deemed a
termination without cause and a breach of this Agreement.


                                                       42
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
