                                                                                     Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                           DA #: ___________

time (although we will not directly negotiate your Lease), and you and your landlord must sign our then-
current form of “Option to Assume Lease.”

        You acknowledge that our acceptance of the Lease is not a guarantee or warranty, express or
implied, of the success or profitability of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant operated at the Premises. Our
acceptance indicates only that we believe the Premises and the Lease’s terms adequately protect our interests
and/or the interests of other franchisees in the JIMMY JOHN’S® system, to the extent those interests are
implicated in the Lease.

        After your Lease is executed, you agree to provide us with notice of any revisions to its terms that
you or your landlord might propose, and we have the right to accept or reject those proposed revisions before
they become effective.

        If you sign this Agreement in connection with your acquisition of the Restaurant from an existing
franchisee and your execution of a Lease assignment or sublease for the Premises, the effective date of the
Lease assignment or sublease for the Premises will be deemed to be the day on which you opened the
Restaurant to the public for business.

         You may not relocate the Restaurant to a new site without our prior written consent, which we may
grant or deny as we deem best. Approval of your relocation request may be conditioned on: (1) the new site
and its lease being acceptable, according to the criteria generally described above; (2) your paying us a
reasonable relocation fee; (3) your reimbursing the costs we incur during the relocation process, including
those required to help you construct and develop the Restaurant at the new site in full compliance with
Jimmy John’s Brand Standards; (4) your confirming that this Agreement remains in effect and governs your
operation of the Restaurant at the new site with no change in the Franchise term or, at our option, your
signing our then-current form of franchise agreement to govern your operation of the Restaurant at the new
site for a new Franchise term; (5) your signing a Relocation Rider to Franchise Agreement to govern your
transition from the Restaurant’s former Premises to the new site; (6) your signing a general release, in a form
satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our affiliates, as well as our and their respective
owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents (except for our indemnification obligations
under Subsection 16.D. below); (7) your continuing to operate the Restaurant at the Premises until it is
authorized to close; and (8) your taking, within the timeframe we specify and at your own expense, all action
we require to de-brand and de-identify the Restaurant’s former Premises so that it no longer is associated in
any manner (in our sole determination) with the Franchise System, including the action specified in Section
15.B.(4) below.

         C.     RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT.

         You are responsible for developing the Restaurant. We will give you mandatory and suggested
specifications and layouts for a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, including requirements for exterior design
(including façade, parking lot, sidewalks, and landscaping), dimensions, image, interior design and layout,
decor, fixtures, equipment, signs, furnishings, and color scheme. These plans might not reflect the
requirements of any federal, state, or local law, code, or regulation, including those arising under the
Americans with Disabilities Act (the “ADA”) or similar rules governing public accommodations for disabled
persons. You must prepare a site survey and all required construction plans and specifications to suit the
Premises and confirm that such plans and specifications comply with our requirements, the ADA and similar
rules, other applicable ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and Lease requirements and
restrictions. You are solely responsible for complying with all such laws, codes, and regulations and must
inform us of any changes to the Restaurant’s specifications you believe are necessary to ensure such


                                                      6
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
