                                                                                                  DA #: ___________

         If you (or you Approved Affiliate) are fully complying with all of your (and their) obligations under this
Agreement, the Existing Franchise Agreement, and each franchise agreement then in effect between us and you
(and your Approved Affiliates) for the development and operation of Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, then during
this Agreement’s term, we (and our affiliates) will not, except in the situations described below, establish or grant
to others the right to establish Jimmy John’s® Restaurants having their physical locations within the Territory.

         The exceptions to your exclusive right to establish Jimmy John’s® Restaurants having their physical
locations within the Territory are described in this paragraph. We (or our affiliates) may pursue opportunities at
Non-Traditional Locations and establish and operate, or franchise or license another to establish and operate, a
Jimmy John’s® Restaurant at Non-Traditional Locations. “Non-Traditional Location” means any permanent or
temporary food service facility that operates (1) under one or more of the Marks and all or part of the Franchise
System, and (2) at locations that do not feature unlimited and unrestricted access to the general public. Non-
Traditional Locations include, but are not limited to: (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b)
universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas and other public or
restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports and
entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar public facilities; (f)
cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers, shopping malls, office
buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores, grocery stores, and similar retail
stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals, nursing facilities and other medical facilities; and
(i) reservations and other sovereign territories. Jimmy John’s® Restaurants that we, our affiliates, another
franchisee or licensee, or you (or your affiliates) establish and operate at Non-Traditional Location physically
located in the Territory will not count toward your compliance with the Schedule.

         The location exclusivity described above for Jimmy John’s® Restaurants (with the noted exceptions) is
the only restriction on our (and our affiliates’) activities within the Territory during the term of this Agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that we and our affiliates (and any business that acquires our assets or ownership
interests) have the right to engage, and grant to others the right to engage, in any other activities of any nature
whatsoever within the Territory, including, without limitation, those reserved in the Existing Franchise
Agreement. After this Agreement expires or is earlier terminated, regardless of the reason for termination, we
and our affiliates (and any business that acquires our assets or ownership interests) have the right, without any
restrictions whatsoever, to (a) establish, and grant to others the right to establish, Jimmy John’s® Restaurants
having their physical locations within the Territory, and (b) continue to engage, and grant to others the right to
engage, in any other activities that we and our affiliates (and any business that acquires our assets or ownership
interests) desire within the Territory.

     YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, AND YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ARE SUBJECT TO TERMINATION
(WITHOUT ANY CURE OPPORTUNITY) IF YOU DO NOT COMPLY STRICTLY WITH THE
DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS PROVIDED IN THE SCHEDULE. WE MAY ENFORCE THIS
AGREEMENT STRICTLY.

3.      DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS. To maintain your rights under this Agreement, you (and/or your
Approved Affiliates) must sign franchise agreements for, and then construct, develop, and have open and
operating within the Territory, the number of Jimmy John’s® Restaurants identified in the Contract Data
Schedule by the dates specified in the Schedule. If your owners establish a new legal entity to operate one or
more of the Jimmy John’s® Restaurants to be developed and opened pursuant to this Agreement and that new
legal entity’s ownership is completely identical to your ownership, that legal entity automatically will be
considered an “Approved Affiliate” without further action. However, if the new legal entity’s ownership is not
completely identical to your ownership, you first must seek our approval to allow that new entity to develop and
operate the proposed Jimmy John’s® Restaurant.


                                                          2
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625469767.2
