                                          Topic                           Number of
                                                                            Pages
                 Paperwork                                               19
                 Product Storage                                         42
                 Systems and Procedures                                  45
                 Recipes                                                 294
                 TOTAL:                                                  734

       7.      Advise you on the Restaurant’s grand opening event, if you choose to have one.
               (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.A.)

       8.      Train your Operations Partner and the on-site managers that you have designated to
               attend the JIMMY JOHN’S® training program. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 4.A.
               and B.) We describe this training later in this Item.

Ongoing Obligations

During your operation of the Restaurant, we will fulfill the following obligations:

       1.      Send one of our representatives to provide guidance and recommendations with
               respect to the Restaurant’s operation (which will not include guidance or
               recommendations regarding employment matters) during the initial opening period.
               We will provide 24 hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is your first
               JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, 16 hours if the Restaurant is your second JIMMY
               JOHN’S® Restaurant, and 8 hours if the Restaurant is your third or subsequent
               JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.A.(1)) We also will
               assist new owners that have purchased an existing Restaurant.

       2.      Advise you regarding the manner in which, based on your reports or our evaluations
               and inspections, operations at the Restaurant promote and enhance the quality of the
               JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. We also may provide recommendations to you on
               standards, specifications, and operating procedures and methods that JIMMY
               JOHN’S® Restaurants use; purchasing required and authorized Operating Assets,
               Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and
               arranging for their distribution to you; advertising and marketing materials and
               programs; and administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory-control
               procedures. We may provide recommendations to you in our Confidential Operations
               Manual and other manuals, bulletins, or other written materials; by electronic media;
               by telephone consultation; and/or at our office or the Restaurant. (Franchise
               Agreement, Section 4.C.)

       3.      Give you, at your request (and our option) or if we so require, additional or special
               guidance and support. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.C.)

       4.      Continue to provide you access to the Confidential Operations Manual, which may
               consist of and is defined to include audio, video, computer software, other electronic
               media, and/or written and other tangible materials. The media and materials
               comprising the Confidential Operations Manual contains mandatory and suggested
               specifications, standards, operating procedures, and rules (“Brand Standards”) and
                                                  52
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
