                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                  (a)     good and merchantable title to the assets purchased, free and clear of all liens and
         encumbrances (other than liens and security interests acceptable to us), with all sales and other
         transfer taxes paid by you;

                 (b)     all of the Restaurant’s licenses and permits that may be assigned or transferred; and

                (c)      the fee simple or leasehold interest in the Premises and improvements or a lease
         assignment or lease or sublease in accordance with subparagraph (2), as applicable.

If you cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets, or if there are other unresolved issues, we (or
our assignee) and you will close the sale through an escrow or another process designed to facilitate the
transaction’s closing while open issues are addressed. You and your owners further agree to execute general
releases, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our owners, affiliates, officers,
directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns. If we exercise our rights under this Subsection E, you
and your owners agree that, for two (2) years beginning on the closing date, you and they will be bound by
the non-competition covenant contained in Subsection 15.D. above.

         F.      LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.

         Upon our termination of this Agreement according to its terms and conditions or your termination of
this Agreement without cause, we may require you to pay us, within the timeframe we specify, in addition to
the amounts owed under Subsection 15.A. above, liquidated damages equal to the product of either thirty six
(36) or the number of months then remaining in this Agreement’s term as of the effective date of termination,
whichever is shorter, multiplied by the average monthly Royalties that you (or the person or entity who
previously operated the Restaurant) owed us during the twelve (12) full months before the month of
termination (which may be the month during which you ceased operations of the Restaurant in breach of this
Agreement without our prior written consent) (or for such lesser number of full months that the Restaurant
has been open and operating on a continuous basis, whether under this Agreement or a predecessor franchise
agreement, if less than twelve (12) months). We, you, and each of your owners acknowledge and agree that it
would be impracticable to determine precisely the damages we will incur as a result of this Agreement’s
termination and the loss of Royalty payments due to, among other things, the complications of determining
how much the Royalty payments would have grown over what would have been the remaining term of this
Agreement and the expenses we would save from not having to provide services to you. We, you, and each
of your owners consider this liquidated damages provision to be a reasonable, good faith pre-estimate of
those damages. This liquidated damages provision covers only our damages from the loss of the Royalty and
is not a penalty. It does not cover any other damages to which we might be entitled as a result of your actions
or inaction. You and each of your owners agree that this liquidated damages provision does not give us an
adequate remedy at law for any default under, or for the enforcement of, any provision of this Agreement
other than the Royalty section.

         G.      CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS.

        All of our and your (and your owners’) obligations that expressly or by their nature survive this
Agreement’s expiration or termination will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
notwithstanding its expiration or termination and until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire.




                                                       50
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
