                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

         identified in Exhibit A. A “Sophisticated Franchisee” means an entity that, together with its
         affiliates, owns and operates at least five (5) limited service restaurants, whether JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurants and/or restaurants operating under one or more other franchised brands. Unless
         otherwise indicated, if you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, all references to Operations Partner in this
         Agreement mean the Restaurant’s general manager. If you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you must
         at all times during the term of this Agreement have a general manager whom we approve to manage
         the Restaurant on-site on a day-to-day basis;

                 (6)     Each of your owners during this Agreement’s term will execute a Guaranty and
         Assumption of Obligations in the form that may be prescribed from time to time, undertaking
         personally to be bound, jointly and severally, by all provisions of this Agreement and any ancillary
         agreements between you and us. Subject to our rights and your obligations under Section 12, you and
         your owners agree to sign and deliver to us revised Exhibits A to reflect any permitted changes in the
         information Exhibit A now contains;

                  (7)      The Restaurant and other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, if applicable, will be the
         only businesses you operate (although your owners may have other, non-competitive business
         interests if they do not conflict with your obligations under this Agreement); and

                 (8)      You may not use any Mark (whether in whole or in part) in, or as part of, your legal
         business name or email address or use any name that is the same as or similar to, or an acronym or
         abbreviation of, the Jimmy John’s name (although you may register the Marks we specify as the
         “assumed name” or “doing business as” name in the jurisdictions where you are formed and qualify
         to do business).

         D.      GRANT OF FRANCHISE.

        You have applied for a franchise to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at the location fully
described in the Contract Data Schedule (the “Premises”). (If you have not found a site as of the Effective
Date, the Premises will be identified after you do so, as provided in Subsection 2.A. below.) Subject to this
Agreement’s terms, we grant you a franchise (the “Franchise”) to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
(the “Restaurant”) at the Premises, and to use the Franchise System in its operation, for a term beginning on
the Effective Date and expiring ten (10) years from the day on which the Restaurant first opens to the public
for business. You agree to operate the Restaurant in compliance with this Agreement for the entire initial
term unless this Agreement is properly terminated under Section 14. You may use the Premises only for the
Restaurant.

         You must provide delivery services in compliance with Brand Standards but only in the delivery area
that is specified for you (in an email or other communication) after you find the Restaurant’s site.
Additionally, if you receive our prior written approval (which we may revoke at any time or for any reason)
or if we (at our option) require, then you must commence and continuously use the third-party food ordering,
drop-off/catering, and/or delivery services and systems we designate or approve from time to time
(collectively, “Third-Party Delivery Platforms”) in compliance with the Brand Standards. You acknowledge
and understand that we may, at any time and from time to time, and for any or no reason, change the
definition of the delivery area and, in particular, reduce its size. If the definition of your delivery area ever
were to change, you agree, without any argument or disagreement, to change immediately the delivery
services you provide and to deliver the Restaurant’s products only within the newly defined delivery area. If
you fail to do so, we may immediately terminate your right to provide any delivery services anywhere. If
your delivery area’s size were to be reduced, you acknowledge there might be a reduction in your sales but
that we will not be liable for that reduction because reduction of delivery-area sizes is an action that this
                                                        3
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
