                                                                                         Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                               DA #: ___________

         and must provide proof of that insurance at the outset of the training program. Everyone attending
         training must have a state health certificate.

                  If your Operations Partner or any of your managers cancels participation in any training
         class or apprenticeship program for which he or she pre-registers and pays us a training fee, we will
         not refund or reimburse the training fee you paid. If participation is cancelled more than two (2)
         weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin, we will apply one-half (½) of the training
         fee as a credit toward the fees due for a future training class or program that your Operations Partner
         or managers attend. However, if participation is cancelled two (2) weeks or less before the class or
         program is scheduled to begin, you will receive no credit at all toward future training fees due. Any
         credits that you might receive under this paragraph are transferable among your affiliates and any
         other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you might own, but are not transferable to other
         franchisees under any circumstances, including in connection with an approved transfer under
         Section 12.

                  If your Operations Partner or an on-site manager that you have designated to become
         certified cancels participation in any training class or apprenticeship program that is part of the initial
         training we provide for two (2) people (or, if applicable, three (3) people) for no additional fee after
         granting the Franchise to you, you must pay us a cancellation fee. The cancellation fee is one-half
         (½) of our then applicable training fee per person (depending on which class or program is involved)
         if the person cancels more than two (2) weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin. The
         cancellation fee is one hundred percent (100%) of our then applicable training fee per person
         (depending on which class or program is involved) if the person cancels two (2) weeks or less before
         the class or program is scheduled to begin. This fee is due immediately and is not refundable.

         B.      SHIFT COVERAGE BY CERTIFIED MANAGERS.

         The presence of properly trained and certified managers is important to ensuring and promoting
compliance with Brand Standards. At least ten (10) full shifts at the Restaurant each week must be covered in
their entireties by certified managers. If this is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, fourteen (14) full
shifts at the Restaurant each week during the first twelve (12) months the Restaurant is open must be covered
in their entireties by certified managers. Each shift may be covered using any number of certified managers,
and in any combination, you choose. A “full” shift is from an hour before your posted opening time to shift
change or from shift change to ten minutes after your posted closing time. You are responsible for
determining how many certified managers you will employ to comply with this Section’s requirements and
may determine that your Restaurant is best-served by employing more than three (3) certified managers
during the first twelve (12) months your Restaurant is open and more than two (2) certified managers
afterward. You also are responsible for determining when shift change will take place in your Restaurant.

        If this is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, your Operations Partner must work, at a
minimum, five (5) “half” shifts in your Restaurant each week. A half shift is defined as one-half of the hours
that comprise a full shift at your Restaurant. The hours that comprise each half shift must be worked
consecutively, and each half shift must be worked on a different day, so that your Operations Partner is
physically present in the Restaurant on at least five (5) separate days each week. You may count your
Operations Partner as a certified manager who contributes to the shift coverage outlined above.

        If this is your second JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, your Operations Partner must continue to work,
at a minimum, five (5) half shifts each week. The hours that comprise each half shift must continue to be
worked consecutively, and each half shift still must be worked on different days, but the five (5) half shifts
may be allocated over the two Restaurants in any combination you choose.
                                                        15
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
