                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

current and locked in your Restaurant’s safe (except when actually in use). You may never remove your
written copy of, and other tangible materials comprising, the Confidential Operations Manual from the
Restaurant. For purposes of enforcing our rights or your obligations, if there is a dispute over its contents, our
master copy of the substance in the Confidential Operations Manual controls. You agree that the Confidential
Operations Manual’s contents are confidential and may not be disclosed to any person other than Restaurant
employees needing to know its contents to perform their duties. You may not at any time copy, duplicate,
record, or otherwise reproduce any part of the Confidential Operations Manual (except as we allow for
training and operating purposes). If your written or other tangible copy of the Confidential Operations
Manual is lost, destroyed, or significantly damaged, you agree to obtain a replacement at our then applicable
charge.

         We may post some or all of the substance of the Confidential Operations Manual on a restricted
Website, intranet, or extranet to which you will have access and which is deemed to be part of the
Confidential Operations Manual. (For purposes of this Agreement, “Website” means an interactive electronic
document contained in a network of computers linked by communications software, including, without
limitation, the Internet and World Wide Web home pages.) If we do so, you agree to monitor and access the
Website, intranet, or extranet for any updates to the substance of the Confidential Operations Manual or
Brand Standards. Any passwords or other digital identifications necessary to access the Confidential
Operations Manual on a Website, intranet, or extranet will be deemed to be part of Confidential Information
(defined in Section 6 below). We may require you to return a portion or the entire copy of the Confidential
Operations Manual given to you in paper or other tangible form after we post the substance of the
Confidential Operations Manual on a restricted Website, intranet, or extranet.

         E.      DELEGATION OF PERFORMANCE.

       You agree that we have the right to delegate the performance of any portion or all of our obligations
under this Agreement to third-party designees, whether these designees are our affiliates, agents, or
independent contractors with whom we contract to perform such obligations. If we do so, such third-party
designees will be obligated to us to perform the delegated functions for you in compliance with this
Agreement.

5.       MARKS.

         A.      OWNERSHIP AND GOODWILL OF MARKS.

         Your right to use the Marks is derived only from this Agreement and limited to your operating the
Restaurant according to this Agreement and all Brand Standards and other requirements we prescribe during
its term. Your unauthorized use of the Marks is a breach of this Agreement and infringes our rights in the
Marks. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Marks and any goodwill established by that use are
exclusively for our benefit and that this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the
Marks upon you (other than the right to operate the Restaurant under this Agreement). All provisions of this
Agreement relating to the Marks apply to any additional proprietary trade and service marks we authorize
you to use. You may not at any time during or after this Agreement’s term contest or assist any other person
in contesting the validity, or our ownership, of the Marks.

         B.      LIMITATIONS ON YOUR USE OF MARKS.

        You agree to use the Marks as the Restaurant’s sole identification, except you agree to identify
yourself as its independent owner, operator, and manager in the manner we prescribe. You may not use any
Mark (1) (whether in whole or in part) in, or as part of, any corporate or legal business name, (2) with any

                                                       17
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
