                                                                                     Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                           DA #: ___________

You agree to verify and sign each report and financial statement in the manner we prescribe. We may
disclose data derived from these reports in any context that we deem appropriate. Moreover, we may, as
often as we deem appropriate (including on a daily basis), access the Computer System and retrieve all
information relating to the Restaurant’s operation (other than information relating to the Restaurant’s
employees, as you control exclusively labor relations and employment practices for Restaurant employees).

        You agree to preserve and maintain all records in a secure location at the Restaurant during this
Agreement’s term and for at least three (3) years afterward (including, but not limited to, sales checks,
purchase orders, invoices, customer lists, check stubs, sales tax records and returns, cash receipts and
disbursement journals, and general ledgers). We may require you to have audited financial statements
prepared annually during this Agreement’s term.

11.      INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS.

         A.     OUR RIGHT TO INSPECT THE RESTAURANT.

          To determine whether you and the Restaurant are complying with this Agreement and all Brand
Standards, we and our designated agents or representatives (including “mystery” or “secret” shoppers) may
at all times and without prior notice to you:

                (1)     inspect the Restaurant;

                (2)      photograph the Restaurant and observe and video the Restaurant’s operation for
         consecutive or intermittent periods we desire;

                (3)     remove samples of any products and supplies (including Trade Secret Food
         Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands);

                (4)     interview and interact with the Restaurant’s managers and customers;

                (5)      inspect and copy any books, records, and documents relating to any aspect of the
         Restaurant’s operation that we maintain the authority to control and/or remedy; and

                  (6)     access all electronic records on your Computer System to the extent necessary to
         ensure compliance with this Agreement and all Brand Standards (excluding records relating to labor
         relations and employment practices, as you control exclusively labor relations and employment
         practices for Restaurant employees).

You agree to cooperate with us and our agents and representatives in any such activities. We may hire
outside consultants and vendors to perform certain types of audits. If we exercise any of these rights, we will
not interfere unreasonably with the Restaurant’s operation. You agree to present to your customers the
evaluation forms we periodically prescribe and to participate and/or request your customers to participate in
any surveys performed by or for us.

         B.     OUR RIGHT TO AUDIT.

        We may at any time during your business hours or whenever your Operations Partner or employees
are at the Premises, and without prior notice to you, examine your and the Restaurant’s business,
bookkeeping, and accounting records, sales and income tax records and returns, and other records (other than
those records that we have no authority to control and/or remedy, such as Restaurant employee records, as
you control exclusively labor relations and employment practices for Restaurant employees). You agree to
                                                      32
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
