                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

Subsection expressly permits. You further acknowledge and agree that the delivery area is not exclusive, and
we and our affiliates may engage, and/or allow other franchisees and third parties to engage, in any activities
we and our affiliates desire within the delivery area without any restrictions whatsoever (including allowing
other franchisees to provide delivery services in the delivery area). We will not be liable for any reduction in
your sales as a result of these activities. The delivery area is nothing more than the geographic boundaries in
which you may deliver the Restaurant’s products. It confers no other rights on you whatsoever.

      You agree at all times faithfully, honestly, and diligently to perform your obligations under this
Agreement and to use your best efforts to promote the Restaurant.

         E.      RESERVED RIGHTS.

        You acknowledge that the Franchise is nonexclusive, you have no territorial protection whatsoever
(even with respect to the area in which you provide delivery services), and we (and our affiliates) retain the
right at all times during this Agreement’s term to engage in any and all activities we (and they) deem
appropriate, wherever and whenever we (and they) desire, and whether or not such activities compete with
your Restaurant, including, without limitation, the right to:

                (1)      establish and operate, and allow others to establish and operate, JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurants at any locations and in any areas, other than at the Premises;

                 (2)      establish, and allow others to establish, other businesses and distribution channels
         (including, but not limited to, the Internet), wherever located or operating and regardless of the
         nature or location of the customers with whom such other businesses and distribution channels do
         business, that operate under the Marks or any other trademarks or service marks; that are the same as
         or different from JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; and that sell products and/or services that are
         identical or similar to, and/or competitive with, those that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
         customarily sell; and

                 (3)     to engage in all other activities not expressly prohibited by this Agreement.

         F.      THE EXERCISE OF OUR JUDGMENT.

        We have the right to develop, operate, and change the Franchise System in any manner not
specifically prohibited by this Agreement. Whenever we have reserved in this Agreement a right to take or to
withhold an action, or to grant or decline to grant you the right to take or omit an action, we may, except as
otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, make our decision or exercise our rights based on
information readily available to us and our judgment of what is in the best interests of us, JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant franchisees generally, or the Franchise System at the time the decision is made, without regard to
whether other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternative decisions could have been made or whether
the decision promotes our financial or other individual interest.

         G.      MODIFICATION OF FRANCHISE SYSTEM.

         Because complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions might not be possible or
practical, you acknowledge that we specifically reserve the right and privilege, as we deem best, to vary
Brand Standards for, and to provide different levels of service to, any franchisee based upon the peculiarities
of any condition or factors we consider important to that franchisee’s successful operation. You have no right
to require us to grant you a similar variation or accommodation or to provide the same level of service.


                                                       4
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
