                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

        You agree to purchase or lease approved brands, types, or models of Operating Assets only from
suppliers we designate or approve (which may include or be limited to us and/or certain of our affiliates). We
may regulate the terms and conditions of the sale and delivery of, and the terms and methods of payment for,
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other products and services you obtain
from us and affiliated and unaffiliated suppliers. We, our affiliates, and other suppliers have the right not to
sell you any Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, or other products or not to provide services to
you, or to do so only on a “cash-on-delivery” or other basis, if you are in default under any agreement (and
have been notified of that default).

         We and our affiliates have the right (without liability) to consult with your suppliers about the status
of your account with them and to advise your suppliers and others with whom you, we, certain of our
affiliates, and other franchisees deal that you are in default under any agreement with us or our affiliates (but
only if we have notified you of such default). We and our affiliates have the right to receive payments from
suppliers on account of their actual or prospective dealings with you and other franchisees and to use all
amounts we and our affiliates receive without restriction for any purposes we and they deem appropriate
(unless we and they agree otherwise with the supplier).

         E.     COMPUTER SYSTEM.

        You agree to obtain and use the integrated computer hardware and/or software we specify, including
an integrated computer-based point-of-sale system, “back office” system, dedicated telephone and power
lines, modems, printers, and other computer-related accessories and peripheral equipment (the “Computer
System”). We may modify specifications for and components of the Computer System. You also agree to
maintain a functioning email address. Our modification of Computer System specifications, and/or other
technological developments or events, might require you to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified
computer hardware and/or software and to obtain service and support for the Computer System. Although we
cannot estimate the future costs of the Computer System or required service or support, and although these
costs might not be fully amortizable over this Agreement’s remaining term, you agree to obtain the computer
hardware and software comprising the Computer System (or additions and modifications) and required
service or support. Within sixty (60) days after we deliver notice to you, you agree to obtain the Computer
System components we designate and ensure that your Computer System, as modified, is functioning
properly. We have no obligation to reimburse your Computer System costs. You may not use any
unapproved Computer System.

         You agree that we or our affiliates may condition any license of proprietary software to you, or your
use of technology that we or our affiliates develop or maintain, on your signing the software license
agreement or similar document we or our affiliates prescribe to regulate your use of, and our and your
respective rights and responsibilities with respect to, the software or technology. We and our affiliates may
charge you up-front and ongoing weekly or monthly fees for any proprietary software or technology we or
they license to you and for other maintenance and support services provided during this Agreement’s term.

         Despite the fact you agree to buy, use, and maintain the Computer System according to our standards
and specifications, you have sole and complete responsibility for: (1) the acquisition, operation, maintenance,
and upgrading of the Computer System; (2) the manner in which your Computer System interfaces with our
and any third party’s computer system; (3) any and all consequences if the Computer System is not properly
operated, maintained, and upgraded; and (4) complying at all times with the most current version of the
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, and validating compliance with those standards as may be
periodically required. The Computer System must permit twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per
week electronic communications between you and us, including access to the Internet and our then-current
intranet or extranet (if applicable).
                                                       8
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
