                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

         B.      ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.

         You acknowledge that:

                (1)      You have independently investigated the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchise
         opportunity and recognize that, like any other business, the nature of the JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurant will evolve and change over time.

                  (2)      An investment in a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant involves business risks that could
         result in the loss of a significant portion or all of your investment.

                 (3)       The business abilities and efforts of your owners and other principals, management,
         and staff are vital to your success.

                 (4)     You have not received from us or our affiliates, and are not relying upon, any
         representations or guarantees, express or implied, of the potential volume, sales, income, or profits of
         a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant (except for financial performance representations included in Item
         19 of our Franchise Disclosure Document).

                 (5)     You have been afforded ample opportunity to ask any questions you have and to
         review any appropriate materials of interest to you concerning the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
         franchise opportunity, including the opportunity to contact existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
         franchisees.

         C.      CORPORATION, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, OR PARTNERSHIP.

        As a corporation, limited liability company, or general, limited, or limited liability partnership (each,
an “Entity”), you agree and represent that:

                 (1)     You have the authority to execute, deliver, and perform your obligations under this
         Agreement and all related agreements and are duly organized or formed and validly exist in good
         standing under the laws of the state of your incorporation or formation;

                  (2)     Your organizational documents, operating agreement, or partnership agreement, as
         applicable, will recite that this Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any ownership
         interests in you, and all certificates and other documents representing ownership interests in you will
         bear a legend (the wording of which we may prescribe) referring to this Agreement’s restrictions;

                 (3)      Your organizational documents, operating agreement, or partnership agreement, as
         applicable, will contain a provision requiring any dissenting or non-voting interest-holders to execute
         all documents necessary to effectuate any action that is properly authorized under the organizational
         documents, operating agreement, or partnership agreement, as applicable;

                 (4)      Exhibit A to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of your owners
         and their interests in you as of the Effective Date;

                 (5)     Unless you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you must at all times during the term of
         this Agreement have an “Operations Partner” to manage the Restaurant on-site on a day-to-day basis,
         and the Operations Partner must own (on a fully-vested basis from the beginning of his or her
         association with you) at least five percent (5%) of your outstanding ownership interests. We must
         accept your proposed Operations Partner. Your Operations Partner as of the Effective Date is
                                                        2
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
