Insurance

You must purchase and maintain in effect, at your expense and from an insurer with a minimum A.M.
Best Rating of A-VII, and (at our option) from a source we accept, the insurance that we periodically
specify, in addition to any insurance required by law, by any lease or sublease. Your insurance policy
or policies must meet our standards and specifications (including minimum coverage amounts), and,
at a minimum, currently must include the following coverages: (i) property insurance on the
Restaurant, its improvements and all fixtures, equipment, supplies and other property used in the
operation of the Restaurant and if applicable, coverage for construction of leasehold improvements
or a stand-alone Builders Risk policy at 100% replacement value with no coinsurance; (ii) business
interruption insurance that covers your loss of income and our Royalty; (iii) commercial general
liability insurance (including umbrella liability); (iv) separate automobile liability insurance on all
owned, hired, rented and non-owned vehicles, the coverage must not be on a BOP or included in the
general liability, it must be on an auto form;(v) workers’ compensation and employer’s liability
insurance covering all of your employees; (vi) employment practices liability insurance; (vii) an MVR
affidavit in a form we accept and signed by your insurance agency to document that the insurance
company providing the automobile liability insurance requires a review of motor vehicle reports for
each driver upon hire and at least annually afterward (to confirm every driver meets guidelines the
insurance company established allowing them to drive under the insurance policy secured).

Employment Practices Liability Insurance and umbrella coverage levels depend on the number of
Restaurants owned. In addition, the required liability insurance must name us, our parents, and our
affiliates (including Inspire Brands, Inc.) as additional insureds (using ISO form CG2029 or an
equivalent endorsement for the liability and the ISO form CG 2048 or an equivalent endorsement for
the hired and non-owned auto), provide separation of insureds coverage, and be primary and non-
contributory with any insurance that we and our affiliates maintain. The required property insurance
must name us, our parents, and our affiliates as loss payees as our and their respective interests appear,
and all policies comply with our subrogation requirements. The EPLI policy must be endorsed with
the Franchisee Program Endorsement or the Vicarious Co-Defendant Endorsement providing defense
coverage for all prior mentioned JJF/Inspire Brand entities. Defense costs must be outside of policy
limits. We may periodically modify the required minimum limits and require additional insurance
coverages as conditions require to reflect changes in relevant circumstances, industry standards,
experiences in the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant network, standards of liability and higher damage
awards. You must send us (or our designee) at commencement and thereafter annually or at our
request a proper certificate evidencing your compliance with our insurance requirements. If you do
not obtain and maintain the required insurance coverage, we have the right, but not the obligation, to
obtain insurance coverage and to charge the costs to you. You should consult with an insurance
professional to determine what coverage, in addition to the minimum required coverage, you may
need for you and your Restaurant.

Interest in Approved Suppliers

Some of our officers own interests in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, and Inspire Brands owns an
interest in Checkmate.com, Inc. (one of our suppliers), so some of our officers have an indirect interest
in Checkmate.com, Inc. Except as disclosed above, there are no approved or designated suppliers in
which any of our officers or directors own an interest.



                                                  47
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
