originally filed in the Northern District of Illinois as Case No. 15-cv-1681. In the consolidated
complaints, the plaintiffs sought a declaration that the alleged practices were unlawful under FLSA
and applicable state statutes and that JJF is a joint employer of the members of the class and collective;
unspecified damages, including unpaid wages and overtime compensation under the FLSA and
applicable state statutes; unspecified liquidated damages under the FLSA and applicable state statutes;
unspecified damages for the employers’ share of FICA, FUTA, state unemployment insurance, and
other applicable employment taxes; permanent injunctive relief prohibiting the practice of denying
overtime pay to assistant store managers; pre- and post-judgment interest; and attorneys’ fees and
costs. A collective action was certified in 2016. On June 14, 2018, the court granted the defendants’
Motion for Partial Summary Judgment as the Court held found the defendants were not joint
employers of franchisees employees. On February 15, 2021, the parties filed a Joint Motion for
Approval of Collective Action Settlement, after agreeing to a settlement that would resolve all claims
in the lawsuit (the “Settlement”). Under the terms of the Settlement, Defendants paid approximately
$1,835,000 to resolve all remaining claims and the parties agreed to a mutual release and the dismissal
of the lawsuit. On June 8, 2021, the Court granted final approval of the proposed settlement, and on
June 15, 2021, the Court closed the matter.

People of the State of Illinois v. Jimmy John’s Enterprises, LLC and Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC
(Circuit Court of Cook County, Chancery Division, Case No. 2016CH07746). On June 8, 2016, the
Illinois Attorney General’s Office (“ILAG”) filed a complaint against JJE and JJF seeking to prevent
the continued use or enforcement with so-called “at-will, low-wage” employees (“Employees”) of
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in Illinois of a form of non-competition agreement the ILAG
claimed was void and unenforceable due to the agreement allegedly not being supported by adequate
consideration or narrowly tailored to protect confidential information. The ILAG sought a declaration
that the Employee non-competition agreement was void and unenforceable as to all current and
former Employees of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in Illinois; an order preventing JJE and JJF from
using or requiring use of such non-competition agreements with Employees of any JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants in Illinois; restitution for any harm to Illinois consumers and businesses; disgorgement
of any benefits from the allegedly unlawful acts; the maximum civil penalty available, including
$50,000 per violation; and costs. On December 6, 2016, by agreement of the parties, the court entered
a Final Order and Consent Decree under which JJF and JJE collectively agreed to pay the ILAG
$100,000 and to distribute various notifications to Illinois-based franchisees, then-current JJE general
managers and area managers, and then-current JJE employees regarding the ILAG’s position that the
Employee’s non-competition agreement was not enforceable under Illinois law. All notifications
were sent, and the case is over. The consent decree expired by its terms on December 6, 2019.

CWL Investments, LLC, et al. v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC & James North (American
Arbitration Association, filed June 20, 2017, AAA No. 01-17-0003-6022). On June 20, 2017, CWL
Investments, LLC (“CWL”), through its approximately 29 affiliated franchisees, filed a Demand for
Arbitration against JJF and James North. The arbitration’s Statement of Claim generally alleged that
JJF did not approve CWL’s attempts to sell its JIMMY JOHN’s® Restaurants to another franchisee
and did not perform under an alleged oral agreement to find purchasers for those Restaurants (and, if
applicable, to pay CWL the difference between the actual sale price and the sale price to which CWL
had allegedly agreed with the other franchisee). The Statement of Claim alleged violation of the
Michigan Franchise Investment Law; breach of franchise agreements and the implied covenant of
good faith and fair dealing; breach of contract and promissory estoppel; tortious interference; and
declaratory judgment.

                                                  19
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
