                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                 (2)     Right to Premises.

         If you lease the Premises from an unaffiliated lessor, or if we choose not to purchase your (or your
affiliate’s) fee simple interest in the Premises, you agree (as applicable) at our election:

                 (a)     to assign your leasehold interest (including renewal options) in the Premises to us or
         our designee;

                 (b)     to enter into a sublease with us or our designee for the remainder of the Lease term
         on the same terms (including renewal options) as the Lease; or

                  (c)     to lease the Premises to us or our designee for an initial ten (10) year term, with two
         five (5) year renewal terms (at our option), on commercially reasonable terms.

                 (3)     Purchase Price.

         The purchase price for the Restaurant and, if applicable, the fee simple interest in the Premises will
be their fair market value, provided that these items will not include any value for:

                 (a)     the Franchise or any rights granted by this Agreement;

                 (b)     goodwill attributable to our Marks, brand image, and other intellectual property; or

                 (c)     participation in the network of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.

We may exclude from the assets purchased any items that are not reasonably necessary (in function or
quality) to the Restaurant’s operation or that we have not approved as meeting Brand Standards for JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants, and the purchase price will reflect these exclusions.

                 (4)     Appraisal.

         If we and you cannot agree on fair market value, fair market value will be determined by one (1)
independent accredited appraiser upon whom we and you agree who will conduct an appraisal and, in doing
so, be bound by the criteria specified in subparagraph (3). You and we agree to select the appraiser within
fifteen (15) days after we notify you that we wish to exercise our purchase option (if you and we have not
agreed on fair market value before then). You and we will share equally the appraiser’s fees and expenses.
The appraiser must complete its appraisal within thirty (30) days after its appointment. The purchase price
will be the appraised value. If we and you cannot agree on the appraiser, he or she will be chosen according
to the procedures set forth by the American Arbitration Association.

                 (5)     Closing.

        We (or our assignee) will pay the purchase price at the closing, which will take place not later than
sixty (60) days after the purchase price is determined, although we (or our assignee) may decide after the
purchase price is determined not to purchase the Restaurant and/or the fee simple interest in the Premises.
We may set off against the purchase price, and reduce the purchase price by, any and all amounts you or your
owners owe us or our affiliates. At the closing, you agree to deliver instruments transferring to us (or our
assignee):



                                                       49
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
