Agreement and Release under which JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC agreed to pay all plaintiffs under
both cases collectively a one-time settlement of $690,000, covering $5,000 in damages and incentive
fees for each plaintiff and $675,000 in lawsuit expenses, in exchange for dismissing the case and a
full release of claims and covenant not to sue. JJF’s supplier funded the settlement payment pursuant
to an indemnification provision in the supplier contract. On October 7, 2021, the court entered the
parties’ Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice. On October 8, 2021, the case was dismissed with
prejudice.

Erwin v. Jimmy John’s LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois,
Case No. 3:20-cv-1268). On October 1, 2020, two individuals filed in the Circuit Court of St. Clair
County, Illinois a purported class-action complaint on behalf of themselves and other residents of the
State of Illinois against JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC, alleging violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud
and Deceptive Business Practices Act, breach of express warranty, and unjust enrichment. On
November 25, 2020, Defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Illinois. The plaintiff claimed that cookies sold at JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants should
not have been labeled “All-Natural” because, according to the plaintiffs, they contain certain
processed, artificial, or non-natural ingredients. The plaintiffs sought unspecified compensatory
damages or restitution for themselves and the proposed class, including punitive damages; attorneys’
fees; interest; and costs. On September 23, 2021, the parties, along with the plaintiff in the Martin v.
Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. mentioned above, entered into a Confidential Settlement
Agreement and Release under which JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC agreed to pay all plaintiffs under
both cases collectively a one-time settlement of $690,000, covering $5,000 in damages and incentive
fees for each plaintiff and $675,000 in lawsuit expenses, in exchange for dismissing the case and a
full release of claims and covenant not to sue. JJF’s supplier funded the settlement payment pursuant
to an indemnification provision in the supplier contract. On October 7, 2021, the court entered the
parties’ Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice. On October 8, 2021, the case was dismissed with
prejudice.

Patel v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC (Circuit Court of Cook County, Law Division, Case No. 2020
L 009628). On September 8, 2020, Amit Patel, a shareholder and alleged assignee of Lombardar
Corporation, a former Jimmy John’s franchisee (the “Franchisee”), filed a complaint in the Circuit
Court of Cook County, Illinois against Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, alleging claims for breach of
contract and violation of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act (the “IFDA”). The Complaint alleged
that, upon the scheduled expiration of the Franchisee’s initial franchise term, JJF and the Franchisee
formed an oral franchise relationship for the continued operation of the franchise, and the Franchisee
claimed that JJF’s decision not to approve applications submitted by certain prospective transferees
of the franchise constitutes a breach of that oral franchise agreement. Additionally, the Franchisee
claimed that JJF committed various violations of the IFDA in connection with the alleged oral
franchise agreement, including failing to provide a disclosure statement and proposed franchise
agreement, preventing the transfer of the franchise, failing to provide notice of non-renewal, and
failing to compensate the Franchisee for the value of the franchise. The Complaint sought unspecified
damages, including costs, interest, disbursements, and attorneys’ fees. JJF filed a motion to compel
arbitration of the Franchisee’s claims. On August 2, 2021, an order was entered compelling
arbitration of the claims. On September 14, 2021, the parties entered into a Settlement Agreement
and Mutual Release under which JJF committed to pay Franchisee a one-time payment of $10,000 in
exchange for the Franchisee’s agreement to dismiss the Complaint, with prejudice, along with a full
release of claims. On October 21, 2021, the court dismissed the case with prejudice.

                                                 21
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
