To maintain the quality of products and services that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants sell and the
reputation of the JIMMY JOHN’S® system, we may condition your right to buy or lease Operating
Assets, inventory and other items, and services (besides those described above that you may obtain
only from us, certain of our affiliates, and/or other specified exclusive sources) on their meeting
minimum standards and specifications prescribed for the JIMMY JOHN’S® system and/or being
acquired from suppliers we approve. We will issue and modify standards and specifications based
on our, our affiliates’, and franchisees’ experience in operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.
These standards and specifications may include minimum requirements for production, performance,
reputation, prices, quality, design, and appearance. Our Confidential Operations Manual or other
communications will identify required standards and specifications for you and (where appropriate)
suppliers or only for suppliers (in the latter case where, for example, required standards and/or
specifications are given to a supplier under a confidentiality agreement). There might be situations
where you can obtain items from any supplier that can satisfy our requirements and, therefore, that
supplier would be approved as to those items.

If we institute any restrictive sourcing program (which we already have done, as noted above, for
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, the Restaurant’s equipment, and the point-of-sale
system and also may do for other items, including general contractor services) and you want to use
any item or service we have not yet evaluated, or to buy or lease from a supplier we have not yet
approved or designated as meeting minimum JIMMY JOHN’S® standards and specifications, you
first must send us any information, specifications, and samples we may require so we can determine
whether the item or service complies with Brand Standards or the supplier meets approved supplier
criteria. We may charge you or the supplier a reasonable evaluation fee and will decide within a
reasonable time (no more than 30 days). We periodically will establish procedures for your requests
and may limit the number of approved items, services, and/or suppliers as we think best.

Supplier approval might depend on product quality, delivery frequency and reliability, service
standards, ability to adhere to our standards, financial capability, customer relations, the benefits of
concentrating purchases with limited suppliers to obtain better prices and service, and/or a supplier’s
willingness to pay us, certain of our affiliates, and/or our system for the right to do business with our
system. We and our affiliates have the right to receive payments from suppliers on account of their
actual or prospective dealings with us, our affiliates, you, and other franchisees and to use all amounts
received without restriction for any purposes we and our affiliates deem appropriate (unless we and
our affiliates agree otherwise with the supplier). Supplier approval might be temporary until we
evaluate the supplier in more detail. We may inspect a proposed supplier’s facilities during and after
the approval process to confirm the supplier meets JIMMY JOHN’S® standards. If it does not, we
may revoke our approval by notifying the supplier and you in writing. We need not approve any
request for a new supplier, product, or service and do not intend to do so if we already have designated
specific items, services, and/or suppliers or otherwise have imposed restrictions on the supply system.

To protect the goodwill we and certain of our affiliates have accumulated in the “JIMMY JOHN’S®”
name and other Marks, we reserve the right to review all advertising, promotional, or marketing
materials on or in which you intend to use the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name or other Marks. You must
not use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials we have not had the opportunity to
approve or have disapproved. In addition, because of the threat that unresolved or unsatisfactorily
resolved customer complaints pose to the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand, we are committed to a 100%
customer satisfaction policy. We reserve the right to receive and facilitate the resolution of
complaints bearing on, or otherwise posing a threat to, the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. We may resolve
                                                 45
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
