2024. Before that, she was Director – Jimmy John’s Training Development for Jimmy John’s
Enterprises, Inc. in Champaign, Illinois from May 2000 to October 2019.

                                             ITEM 3
                                           LITIGATION

Pending Litigation

There are no actions pending against us, a predecessor, a parent or affiliate that guarantees our
performance, an affiliate who offers franchises under the principal trademark, or a person identified
in Item 2 that are required to be disclosed.

Concluded Litigation and Related Matters

The following actions against us, a predecessor, a parent or affiliate that guarantees our performance,
an affiliate who offers franchises under the Marks, or a person identified in Item 2 have concluded in
the last 10 years:

Irwin v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Central District of
Illinois, Urbana Division, Case No. 2:14-cv-02275-HAB). On July 31, 2015, an individual filed an
amended complaint in a purported class action lawsuit on behalf of herself and other members of the
public against JJF, alleging that her credit card data was compromised during a data breach of the
point-of-sale systems in certain JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. The plaintiff’s amended complaint
alleged she suffered damages due to what she characterized as insufficient data-security protocols in
the point-of-sale systems and inadequate notification procedures employed after the incident. On
March 29, 2016, the court dismissed all counts in the amended complaint other than those for breach
of implied contract and violation of the Arizona Consumer Fraud Act. The plaintiff’s amended
complaint sought money damages, including unspecified actual, statutory, punitive, restitution, and
disgorgement damages; payment for 3 years of credit-monitoring services; pre- and post-judgment
interest; establishment of a fluid recovery fund for distribution of unclaimed funds; attorneys’ fees
and costs; and an injunction against further alleged unlawful conduct and to implement and maintain
what the plaintiff characterized as “adequate security measures.”

On December 6, 2016, the parties entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement, which provided
that the plaintiff would receive a one-time payment of $125,000 in exchange for the plaintiff’s
agreement to dismiss the amended complaint, with prejudice, against JJF and JJE, along with a full
release of claims and covenant not to sue. On December 30, 2016, the court entered the parties’
Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice and terminated the case.

In Re: Jimmy John’s Overtime Litigation (United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois, Eastern Division, Case Nos. 14-cv-5509, 15-cv-1681, and 15-cv-6010). On January 14,
2016, the federal court consolidated the following putative class- and collective-action lawsuits that
alleged violations of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, misclassifications of employees for
overtime requirements, violations of certain state wage-and-hour statutes, and that JJF was liable
under a joint-employer theory for claimed violations in franchisee-owned Restaurants: Brunner v.
Jimmy John’s, LLC, et al., originally filed in the Northern District of Illinois as Case No. 14-cv-5509;
Watson v. Jimmy John’s, LLC, et al., originally filed in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Ohio as Case No. 15-cv-768 and transferred to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois as Case No. 15-cv-6010; and Whiton v. Jimmy John’s LLC, et al.,
                                                 18
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
