                                                                                  Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                        DA #: ___________

         5.      Lease of Premises. You acknowledge that you have delivered to us a complete and
accurate copy of the currently-effective Lease. If the Lease is proposed to be amended, renewed, or
extended at any time during the Successor Franchise Agreement’s term, you must obtain our prior written
acceptance of, and otherwise comply with Subsection 2.B. of the Successor Franchise Agreement with
respect to, the amended, renewed, or extended Lease.

         6.      Restaurant Development. Subsection 2.C. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is
deleted. However, you agree to make the upgrades, modifications, and improvements to the Restaurant,
Premises, and Operating Assets specified on the attached “Upgrade Schedule.” You agree to complete
each task listed on the Upgrade Schedule to our satisfaction, and in accordance with the Successor
Franchise Agreement (including, without limitation, provisions relating to designated, recommended, or
approved suppliers), before the applicable due date. Your completion of each task within the designated
timeframe was an express condition to our willingness to grant you the successor franchise. Therefore,
your failure to do so will be a breach of the conditions for a successor franchise contained in the Expiring
Franchise Agreement and a breach of the Successor Franchise Agreement, allowing us to rescind or
terminate the Successor Franchise Agreement. You must comply with our requirements, the requirements
of any federal, state, or local law, code, or regulation, including those arising under the Americans with
Disabilities Act (the “ADA”) and similar rules governing public accommodations for disabled persons,
other applicable ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and Lease requirements and
restrictions.

         7.      Restaurant Opening. Subsection 2.F. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted.

       8.      Initial Franchise Fee. Subsection 3.A. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted.
However, on the Signing Date you must pay us a successor franchise fee equal to Ten Thousand Dollars
($10,000).

      9.       Modification of Brand Standards.              Subsection 8.B. of the Successor Franchise
Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:

                  We periodically may modify Brand Standards, which may accommodate regional
         or local variations, and these modifications may obligate you to invest additional capital
         in the Restaurant and/or incur higher operating costs. You agree to implement any
         changes in Brand Standards within the time period we request, whether they involve
         refurbishing or remodeling the Premises or any other aspect of the Restaurant, buying
         new Operating Assets, adding new Menu Items and services, or otherwise modifying the
         nature of your operations, as if they were part of this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
         However, except as provided in clauses (1) and (2) below, we will not obligate you to
         make any capital modifications the costs of which exceed Twenty Thousand Dollars
         ($20,000) during any single year during this Agreement’s term or One Hundred Twenty-
         Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) during this Agreement’s entire term:

                 (1)      the amounts we may require you to spend to change the Computer
         System and the Restaurant’s signage and logo, and the frequency of such changes, are not
         limited during this Agreement’s term; and

                (2)      the amounts we may require you to spend on capital modifications for
         the Restaurant, and the frequency of such expenditures, are not limited during this
         Agreement’s term if such expenditures are required by the Lease or applicable law.

                                                        2
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B-4 – Successor Franchise Rider to Franchise Agreement
1625469943.2
