               sign an acknowledgment that a site you have chosen is accepted but not recommended
               due to its incompatibility with certain factors that bear on a site’s suitability for the
               location of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. If we sign the Franchise Agreement even
               though you have not yet located the Restaurant’s site (which often is the case), you
               must secure—within 12 months after signing the Franchise Agreement or within the
               timeframe necessary to comply with the development schedule under the Development
               Agreement —a site that we accept. We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you
               are unable to find an acceptable site within the required timeframe. (Franchise
               Agreement, Sections 2.A. and 2.B.)

       2.      Accept your Restaurant’s lease. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2.B.)

       3.      Designate a specific number of Restaurants you may develop and open at acceptable
               locations within your development area (if we grant you development rights).
               (Development Agreement, Sections 2, 3, and 6) We will evaluate the proposed
               locations of your additional Restaurants according to the same criteria, and following
               the same process, outlined above.

       4.      Give you mandatory and suggested specifications and layouts for a JIMMY JOHN’S®
               Restaurant, including requirements for exterior design (including façade, parking lot,
               sidewalks, and landscaping), dimensions, image, interior design and layout, decor,
               Operating Assets, and color scheme. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2.C.) The
               Restaurant’s layout and design are in our sole judgment. At your option, our affiliate
               also may provide site and kitchen layout design services. Our affiliates only offer site
               layout services to Restaurants that have or will have a drive-thru.

       5.      Identify the Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products,
               Permitted Brands, other food products, and supplies you must use to develop and
               operate the Restaurant, the minimum standards and specifications you must satisfy,
               and the designated and approved suppliers from whom you must or may buy or lease
               these items and services (which may be limited to and/or include us, certain of our
               affiliates, and/or other specified exclusive sources). (Franchise Agreement,
               Sections 2.D., 2.E., and 8.A.)

       6.      Provide you access to the Confidential Operations Manual, which may include
               bulletins, written materials, electronic media, telephone consultations, and other
               information shared with you at our office or the Restaurant. (Franchise Agreement,
               Section 4.D.) The following table identifies the subjects covered in the Confidential
               Operations Manual’s written materials and the number of pages devoted to each
               subject:

                                         Topic                             Number of
                                                                             Pages
                 Advertising                                              30
                 Customer Service                                         71
                 Financials and Accounting                                65
                 Food Safety Manual                                       131
                 Operations: Store Setup                                  37

                                                 51
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
