                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

Company, Inc. (or similar criteria we periodically specify). These insurance policies must be in effect before
you open the Restaurant for business. We may at any time increase the amounts of coverage required under
these insurance policies and/or require different or additional insurance coverage to reflect inflation,
identification of new risks, changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards, or relevant
changes in circumstances. Insurance policies must name us and certain parents and affiliates we designate as
additional insureds and provide for (a) thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to us of any policy’s cancellation
or non-renewal, (b) ten (10) days’ prior written notice to us of any policy’s material modification, and (c)
written notice of any non-payment of premium within ten (10) days of after such non-payment. In addition,
the required liability insurance must provide severability of interests and/or separate of insureds coverage
and be primary and non-contributory with any insurance policy carried by name us and our affiliates; and the
required property insurance must list us and certain parents and affiliates we designate as loss payees as our
respective interests appear. You must send us a valid certificate of insurance or duplicate insurance policy
evidencing the coverage specified above and the payment of premiums at regular intervals or by specific
dates we request. We have the right to obtain insurance coverage for the Restaurant at your expense if you
fail to do so, in which case you must reimburse us. We also have the right to defend claims in our sole
discretion.

3.       FEES.

         A.      INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE.

                 (1)    You agree to pay us the nonrecurring and nonrefundable initial franchise fee set
         forth in the Contract Data Schedule. This fee is due, and fully earned by us, when you sign this
         Agreement. We will credit toward the initial franchise fee any deposit you (or an affiliate) previously
         paid under a Development Rider or Development Agreement.

         B.      ROYALTY FEE.

        You agree to pay us, in the manner provided below (or as we otherwise prescribe), a weekly Royalty
Fee (the “Royalty”) equal to six percent (6%) of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales (defined in Subsection C
below). On or before Wednesday of each week, you agree to send us on a form we approve (or as we
otherwise direct) a signed statement of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales and weekly inventory for the week
ending on the immediately preceding Tuesday. Each weekly statement of Gross Sales must be accompanied
by the Royalty due for that week. The Royalty is not in exchange for any particular products, services, or
assistance; it is for the rights we grant you under this Agreement.

         C.      DEFINITION OF “GROSS SALES”.

        As used in this Agreement, the term “Gross Sales” means all revenue you derive from operating the
Restaurant, including, but not limited to, all amounts you receive at or away from the Premises and all
delivery and catering charges not included in the price of Menu Items, and all amounts from selling or
issuing gift or loyalty cards (except our JIMMY JOHN’S® gift cards), whether from cash, check, credit and
debit card, gift or loyalty cards, barter exchange, trade credit, or other credit transactions, and also includes
any implied or imputed Gross Sales from business interruption insurance and all amounts you receive
(whether or not from your landlord) in connection with any relocation of the Restaurant from, or closure of
the Restaurant at, the Premises, but (1) excludes all federal, state, or municipal sales, use, or service taxes
collected from customers if paid to the appropriate taxing authority, (2) excludes revenue you derive from
selling or issuing JIMMY JOHN’S® gift cards (although revenue you derive from selling products and
services to customers who use those cards for payment is included in Gross Sales), and (3) is reduced by the
amount of any documented refunds, credits, and discounts the Restaurant in good faith gives to customers, as
                                                       10
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
