On February 19, 2019, the Arbitration Panel issued its Final Award. The Panel found in North and
JJF’s favor on the promissory-estoppel, oral-contract, and tortious-interference claims, determined
that the declaratory-judgment claim was moot, and chose not to address the implied covenant of good
faith and fair dealing or Michigan Franchise Investment Law claims (effectively rejecting them). The
Panel agreed with North and JJF that JJF could contractually deny a proposed transfer for any
commercially reasonable reason. However, the Panel found that JJF had not acted reasonably in this
particular situation—relying on what the Panel characterized as JJF’s “cumulative conduct” over the
course of two separate proposed transfer transactions with the same potential buyer—and therefore
had breached the transfer provisions in CWL’s franchise agreements.

While CWL’s Statement of Claim originally sought unspecified damages “in excess of $15 million,”
plus interest, costs, and attorneys’ fees, at the hearing CWL chose to reduce its claim and seek only
$7.75 million, plus fees and costs. The Panel adopted its own theory of damages and, after finding
that CWL had not “reasonably mitigate[d]” its damages from the disapproved proposed transfer,
simply picked the “mid-point” of the 2 different damages theories that CWL and North/JJF had
proffered. This resulted in an award to CWL of $3.5 million in compensatory damages. The parties
separately stipulated to an award of attorneys’ fees and costs in the amounts of $1 million and
$367,239, respectively. The case has now concluded.

Conrad v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Southern District
of Illinois, East St. Louis Division, Case No. 3:18-cv-00133). On January 24, 2018, Sylas Butler, an
alleged former employee of a franchised JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant filed a purported class action
lawsuit on behalf of himself and “[a]ll persons in the United States who are current or former
employees at a Jimmy John’s franchise restaurant,” or, alternatively, on behalf of a class of Illinois
plaintiffs, naming as defendants JJF, JJE, and Jimmy John’s LLC. The plaintiff alleged that various
provisions in the Jimmy John’s franchise agreement related to the recruitment and/or hiring of
individuals employed at JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants violated federal and state antitrust and other
laws. Specifically, the Complaint alleged violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, the Illinois
Antitrust Act, and the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act. The Complaint
sought unspecified treble damages, disgorgement of any illegal gains, injunctive relief, attorneys’
fees, and costs and expenses. On November 5, 2021, the parties entered into a Confidential Settlement
Agreement and Release under which JJF, JJE and Jimmy John’s LLC agreed to pay plaintiff a one-
time payment of $10,000 in exchange for the plaintiff’s agreement to dismiss the Complaint, with
prejudice, along with a full release of claims and covenant not to sue. On November 17, 2021, the
court entered a Judgment dismissing the action with prejudice.

Martin v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Western District
of Missouri, Case No. 4:20-cv-00415-RK). On January 4, 2020, an individual filed in the Circuit
Court of Jackson County, Missouri a purported class-action complaint on behalf of herself and other
residents of the State of Missouri against JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC, alleging violation of Missouri’s
Merchandising Practices Act, negligent misrepresentation, and unjust enrichment. On May 27,
20202, Defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the Western District of
Missouri. The plaintiff claimed that cookies sold at JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants should not have
been labeled “All-Natural” because, according to the plaintiff, they contain certain processed,
artificial, or non-natural ingredients. The plaintiff sought unspecified compensatory damages or
restitution for herself and the proposed class, attorneys’ fees, interest, and costs. Plaintiff never filed
a Motion for Class Certification. On September 23, 2021, the parties, along with the plaintiffs in the
Erwin v. Jimmy John’s LLC, et al. mentioned below, entered into a Confidential Settlement
                                                  20
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
