                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

16.      RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION.

         A.      INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.

        You and we understand and agree that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship
between you and us (or any affiliate of ours), that you and we (and our affiliates) are and will be independent
contractors, and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to make either you or us (or our affiliates) a
general or special agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee of the other for any purpose. You agree to
identify yourself conspicuously in all dealings with customers, suppliers, public officials, Restaurant
personnel, and others as the Restaurant’s independent owner, operator, and manager under a franchise we
have granted and to place notices of independent ownership on the forms, business cards, stationery,
advertising, or other materials, as we require from time to time. Neither we nor our affiliates will exercise
direct or indirect control over the working conditions of Restaurant personnel except to the extent such
indirect control is related to our legitimate interest in protecting the quality of products, service, or the
JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. Neither we nor our affiliates share or codetermine the terms and conditions of
employment of Restaurant employees or affect matters relating to the employment relationship between you
and Restaurant employees, such as employee selection, training, promotion, termination, hours worked, rates
of pay, other benefits, work assigned, discipline, adjustment of grievances and complaints, and working
conditions. To that end, you agree to identify yourself conspicuously in all dealings with Restaurant
personnel as the employer of such personnel and to confirm that neither we, as the franchisor of JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants, nor our affiliates, are their employer, and we and our affiliates do not engage in any
employer-type activities for which only franchisees are responsible, such as employee selection, training,
promotion, termination, hours worked, rates of pay, other benefits, work assigned, discipline, adjustment of
grievances and complaints, and working conditions.

         B.      NO LIABILITY FOR ACTS OF OTHER PARTY.

         We and you may not make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees, or
representations, or incur any debt, in the name or on behalf of the other or represent that our respective
relationship is other than franchisor and franchisee. We will not be obligated for any damages to any person
or property directly or indirectly arising out of the Restaurant’s operation or the business you conduct under
this Agreement.

         C.      TAXES.

         We will have no liability for any sales, use, service, occupation, excise, gross receipts, income,
property, employment, or other taxes, whether levied upon you or the Restaurant, due to the business you
conduct (except for our own income taxes). You must pay these taxes and reimburse us for any taxes we
must pay to any taxing authority on account of either your operation or payments you make to us (except for
our own income taxes). Without limitation of the foregoing, you agree to pay us an amount equal to all
federal, state, local, and foreign (i) sales, use, excise, privilege, occupation, or any other transactional taxes,
and (ii) any other taxes or similar exactions no matter how designated (excluding only taxes imposed on us
for the privilege of conducting business and calculated with respect to our net income, capital, net worth,
gross receipts, or some other basis or combination thereof, but not excluding any gross receipts taxes
imposed on us for your payments intended to reimburse us for expenditures incurred for your benefit and on
your behalf) that are imposed on us or required to be withheld by you in connection with the receipt or
accrual of service fees, royalties, or any other amounts payable by you to us under this Agreement. Any
additional required payment pursuant to the preceding sentence must be made in an amount necessary to
provide us with after-tax receipts (taking into account any additional payments required under this


                                                        51
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
