                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

         F.      We and you are signing this Amendment because we have committed, upon the satisfaction
of certain conditions, to modify certain requirements under the Franchise Agreement to reflect incentives we
currently offer or previously offered.

                                              AGREEMENT

       NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and in the Franchise
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

         1.       Application of Amendment. We and you are signing this Amendment because we and you
are signing or amending the Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, and the Restaurant may be
eligible for one or more incentives. In addition to any conditions listed below, you must meet the following
requirements in order for any incentive to apply to the Restaurant: (a) when you open the Restaurant, you and
your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement between
us and you or your affiliates, including, if applicable, the DA; (b) you build and/or remodel the Restaurant in
the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us in compliance with the Franchise
Agreement (including Sections 2.A and 5.C of the Franchise Agreement); and (c) you provide to us a report,
in the format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend
in various categories relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement (including Section 2.F of the Franchise Agreement) (collectively, the “Incentive
Eligibility Requirements”). If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (c) above (or any
other conditions for the applicable incentives), the incentive programs will not apply to the Restaurant.

        2.       Royalty Credit. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the Standard Incentive or
Strategic Incentive] Notwithstanding anything to this contrary in the Franchise Agreement, if you qualify for
the incentive set forth below, then we will provide to you a credit toward your Royalty:

                a.       Standard Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the Standard
                Incentive] Under our “Standard Incentive” or “Standard” incentive program, if you open and
                begin operating the Restaurant within the Standard Markets Territory (defined below) in
                compliance with the Franchise Agreement, and, if applicable, the DA, on or before the
                required opening date set forth therein (the “Opening Deadline”), and you meet the Incentive
                Eligibility Requirements, then we agree to credit $125,000 toward the Royalties owed under
                the Franchise Agreement. The “Standard Markets Territory” includes: Alpena MI, Amarillo
                TX, Augusta GA, Austin TX, Baltimore MD, Birmingham AL, Bowling Green KY, Casper-
                Riverton WY, Charleston SC, Charleston-Huntington WV, Charlottesville VA, Cincinnati
                OH, Columbia SC, Columbus OH, Columbus-Tupelo-West Point MS, Denver CO, Dothan
                AL, Duluth MN-Superior WI, El Paso TX (Las Cruces NM), Erie PA, Eugene OR, Fargo-
                Valley City ND, Ft. Wayne IN, Green Bay-Appleton WI, Greensboro NC, Jackson TN, Joplin
                MO-Pittsburg KS, Kansas City MO, Las Vegas NV, Lexington KY, Lima OH, Little Rock-
                Pine Bluff AR, Louisville KY, Medford-Klamath Falls OR, Memphis TN, Minneapolis-St.
                Paul MN, Minot-Bismarck-Dickinson ND, Nashville TN, New Orleans LA, New York NY,
                Norfolk VA, North Platte NE, Oklahoma City OK, Pittsburgh PA, Portland OR, Raleigh-
                Durham (Fayetteville) NC, Reno NV, San Antonio TX, Sherman TX-Ada OK, Shreveport
                LA, St. Joseph MO, St. Louis MO, Tallahassee FL-Thomasville GA, Toledo OH, Topeka KS,
                Twin Falls ID, Waco-Temple-Bryan TX, Wichita Falls TX and Lawton OK.

                b.      Strategic Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the Strategic
                Incentive] Under our “Strategic Incentive” or “Strategic” incentive program, if you open and
                                                      2
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B-1 – Incentives Amendment to Franchise Agreement
1625469941.2
