                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

cooperate fully with our representatives and independent accountants in any examination. If any
examination discloses an understatement of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales, you agree to pay us, within fifteen
(15) days after receiving the examination report, the Royalty and Fund contributions due on the amount of
the understatement, plus our late fee and interest on the understated amounts from the date originally due
until the date of payment. Furthermore, if an on-site examination is necessary due to your failure to furnish
reports, supporting records, or other information as required, or to furnish these items on a timely basis, or if
our examination reveals a Royalty or Fund contribution understatement exceeding three percent (3%) of the
amount you actually reported to us for the period examined, you agree to reimburse us for the costs of the
examination, including, without limitation, the charges of attorneys and independent accountants and the
travel expenses, room and board, and compensation of our employees. These remedies are in addition to our
other remedies and rights under this Agreement and applicable law.

12.      TRANSFER.

         A.     BY US.

         You acknowledge that we maintain a staff to manage and operate the Franchise System, and staff
members can change as employees come and go. You represent that you have not signed this Agreement in
reliance on any particular owner, director, officer, or employee remaining with us in that capacity. We may
change our ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and any other agreement to a third party without
restriction. After our assignment of this Agreement to a third party that expressly assumes the obligations
under this Agreement, we no longer will have any performance or other obligations under this
Agreement. That assignment will constitute a release and novation with respect to this Agreement, and the
new owner-assignee will be liable to you as if it had been an original party to this Agreement. Specifically
and without limiting the foregoing, you agree that we may sell our assets (including this Agreement), the
Marks, or the Franchise System to a third party; offer our ownership interests privately or publicly; merge,
acquire other business entities, or be acquired by another business entity; and/or undertake a refinancing,
recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other economic or financial restructuring.

         B.     BY YOU.

         You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties this Agreement creates are personal to
you and your owners, and we have granted you the Franchise in reliance upon our perceptions of your and
your owners’ individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business ability, and financial
capacity. Accordingly, neither this Agreement (or any interest in this Agreement), the Restaurant or
substantially all of its assets, any ownership interest in you (regardless of its size), nor any controlling
ownership interest in any of your owners (if such owners are legal entities) may be transferred without our
prior written approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld if the conditions for transfer contained in
this Section 12 are satisfied. A transfer of the Restaurant’s ownership, possession, or control, or substantially
all of its assets, may be made only with the concurrent transfer (to the same proposed transferee) of the
franchise rights (with the transferee assuming this Agreement or signing our then-current form of franchise
agreement and related documents, as we may require). Any transfer without our required approval is a breach
of this Agreement and has no effect, meaning that you (and your owners) will continue to be obligated to us
for all of your obligations under this Agreement.

       In this Agreement, the term “transfer” includes a voluntary, involuntary, direct, or indirect
assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition of any interest in:

                (1)      this Agreement and/or the franchise rights;


                                                       33
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
