                                                                                        Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                              DA #: ___________

         E.      THE OPERATIONS PARTNER’S DEATH OR DISABILITY.

                  (1)     Transfer Upon Death. Upon the Operations Partner’s death, the Operations Partner’s
         executor, administrator, conservator, guardian, or other personal representative must transfer his or
         her interest in you to a third party (which may be the Operations Partner’s heirs, beneficiaries, or
         devisees). That transfer must be completed within a reasonable time, not to exceed nine (9) months
         from the date of death, and is subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Section 12. A failure to
         transfer the Operations Partner’s ownership interest in you within this time period is a breach of this
         Agreement.

                  (2)     Operation Upon Death or Disability. Upon the Operations Partner’s death or
         disability, you must appoint a new Operations Partner. That person must complete our required
         training and apprenticeship programs at your expense within the timeframe we specify. If, in our
         judgment, the Restaurant is not being managed in compliance with Brand Standards any time after
         the Operations Partner’s death or disability, we may, but need not, assume the Restaurant’s
         management (or appoint a third party to assume its management). If we do so, the manager will not
         exercise direct or indirect control over the working conditions of the Restaurant’s employees except
         to the extent such indirect control is related to our legitimate interest in protecting the quality of
         products, service, or the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. All funds from the Restaurant’s operation while it
         is under our (or the third party’s) management will be kept in a separate account, and all expenses
         will be charged to this account. We may charge you (in addition to the Royalty, Fund contributions,
         and other amounts due under this Agreement) Six Hundred Dollars ($600) per person per day, plus
         our (or the third party’s) direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if we (or a third party) assume the
         Restaurant’s management under this subparagraph. We (or a third party) have a duty to utilize only
         reasonable efforts and, provided we are not grossly negligent and do not commit an act of willful
         misconduct, will not be liable to you or your owners for any debts, losses, lost or reduced profits, or
         obligations the Restaurant incurs, or to any of your creditors for any products, other assets, or
         services the Restaurant purchases, while we (or a third party) manage it.

                  For purposes of this subparagraph, the term “disability” means a mental or physical
         disability, impairment, or condition that is reasonably expected to prevent or actually does prevent
         the Operations Partner from supervising the Restaurant’s management and operation.

                 (3)     Sophisticated Franchisee Exempt. If you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, then the
         requirements in Sections 12.E(1) and 12.E(2) shall not apply.

         F.      EFFECT OF CONSENT TO TRANSFER.

        Our consent to a transfer of the franchise rights and the Restaurant, or any interest in you or your
owners, is not a representation of the fairness of the terms of any contract between you and the transferee, a
guarantee of the Restaurant’s or transferee’s prospects of success, or a waiver of any claims we have against
you (or your owners) or of our right to demand the transferee’s full compliance with this Agreement (as
applicable).

         G.      OUR RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL.

         If you or any of your owners at any time determines to sell or transfer for consideration the franchise
rights granted by this Agreement and the Restaurant, an ownership interest in you (except to or among your
current owners, which is not subject to this Subsection), or a controlling ownership interest in an Entity that
owns a controlling ownership interest in you, in a transaction that otherwise would be allowed under

                                                        38
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
