                                                                                     Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                           DA #: ___________

and/or related strategies; administering national, regional, and multi-regional marketing and advertising
programs, including, without limitation, purchasing trade-journal, direct-mail, and other media advertising,
and using advertising, promotion, and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance; and
supporting public relations, market research, and other advertising, promotion, and marketing activities.

         The Fund periodically may give you samples of advertising, marketing, and promotional formats and
materials at no cost. We or our designee may sell you multiple copies of these materials at our or its direct
cost of producing them, plus any related shipping, handling, and storage charges.

         We will account for the Fund separately from our other monies and not use the Fund for any of our
general operating expenses. However, we may use the Fund to pay (1) the reasonable salaries and benefits of
personnel who manage and administer the Fund and work on Fund business/activities; (2) the Fund’s other
administrative costs; (3) travel expenses of personnel while they are on Fund business; (4) meeting costs; (5)
overhead relating to Fund business; and (6) other expenses we or our designees incur in activities reasonably
related to administering or directing the Fund and its programs, as well as collecting and accounting for Fund
contributions, including, without limitation, taxes we must pay on Fund contributions we receive, conducting
market research, public relations, and preparing advertising, promotion, and marketing materials.

         Although the Fund is not a trust, we will hold all Fund contributions for the benefit of the
contributors and use contributions only for the purposes described in this Subsection. We do not owe any
fiduciary obligation to you for administering the Fund or any other reason. The Fund may spend in any fiscal
year more or less than the total Fund contributions in that year, borrow from us or others (paying reasonable
interest) to cover deficits, or invest any surplus for future use. We will use all interest earned on Fund
contributions to pay costs before using the Fund’s other assets.

         We will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of Fund collections and expenses and give you a
copy of the statement upon written request. We may (but are not required to) have the Fund audited, at the
Fund’s expense, by an independent certified public accountant we select. We may incorporate the Fund or
operate it through a separate entity whenever we deem appropriate. The successor entity will have all of the
rights and duties specified in this Subsection.

         The Fund’s principal purposes are to maximize recognition of the Marks, enhance system protection
of the Marks, and increase patronage of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Although we will try to use the
Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs, and to place advertising and marketing,
to benefit all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, we need not ensure that Fund expenditures in or affecting any
geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to Fund contributions by JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
operating in that geographic area or that any JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant benefits from the development of
advertising and marketing materials, or the placement of advertising and marketing, directly or in proportion
to its Fund contributions. The Fund will not be used principally to develop materials and programs to solicit
franchisees. However, media, materials, and programs (including the Franchise System Website) prepared
using Fund contributions may describe our franchise program, reference the availability of franchises and
related information, and process franchise leads.

         We have the right, but no obligation, at the Fund’s expense, to use collection agents and institute
legal proceedings to collect Fund contributions. We also may forgive, waive, settle, and compromise all
claims by or against the Fund. Except as expressly provided in this Subsection, we assume no direct or
indirect liability or obligation to you for collecting amounts due to, maintaining, directing, or administering
the Fund.



                                                      27
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
