                                                                                    Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                          DA #: ___________

                                     JIMMY JOHN’S RESTAURANT
                                       FRANCHISE AGREEMENT


    This Franchise Agreement (this “Franchise Agreement” or “Agreement”), dated as of the Effective Date,
is made by and between you and us, all of which are defined in the Contract Data Schedule.

1.       PREAMBLES, ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, AND GRANT OF FRANCHISE.

         A.      PREAMBLES.

                 (1)     We and certain affiliates have developed (and continue to develop and modify) a
         system and franchise opportunity for the operation of restaurants providing carry-out, delivery, and
         on-premises dining services and featuring gourmet deli sandwiches, fresh-baked breads, and other
         permitted food and beverage products (collectively, “Menu Items”).

                 (2)      Most Menu Items are prepared according to specified recipes, standards, and
         procedures and use high-quality ingredients, including specially formulated and specially produced
         proprietary lines of bread dough, meats, and other food products (collectively, “Trade Secret Food
         Products”) and food products (not constituting Trade Secret Food Products) that are branded and/or
         packaged exclusively for our system and franchisees (collectively, “Branded Products”). (Branded
         Products also are defined to include non-food products branded and/or packaged exclusively for our
         system and franchisees.) Certain food and beverage products are not prepared with Trade Secret
         Food Products or Branded Products but still are required or authorized for sale (collectively,
         “Permitted Brands,” which are encompassed within Menu Items). The restaurants described above
         operate under the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name and other trademarks (“JIMMY JOHN’S®
         Restaurants”) and have distinctive business formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs, layouts,
         standards, and specifications, all of which we may improve, further develop, or otherwise modify
         from time to time.

                  (3)      We currently use, promote, and license certain trademarks, service marks, and other
         commercial symbols in operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, which have gained and we expect
         will continue to gain public acceptance and goodwill, and may create, use, and license new
         trademarks, service marks, and commercial symbols for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
         (collectively, the “Marks”).

                (4)      We grant to those that meet our qualifications, and are willing to undertake the
         investment and effort, a franchise to own and operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant offering the
         Menu Items and services we require and authorize and using our business formats, methods,
         procedures, signs, designs, layouts, standards, specifications, and Marks (the “Franchise System”).

                 (5)     As a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisee, you must comply with this
         Agreement and all mandatory specifications, standards, operating procedures, and rules (collectively,
         “Brand Standards”) we periodically prescribe for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in order to
         maintain the high quality and consistent customer experience that are critical to attracting and
         retaining customers for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.

                 (6)     You have applied for a franchise to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.




2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
