                                                                                    Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                          DA #: ___________

         D.     COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES.

         At all times during this Agreement’s term, you must secure and maintain all licenses, permits, and
certificates required for the Restaurant’s operation and operate the Restaurant in full compliance with all
applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations, including government regulations relating to occupational
hazards, health, environment, employment, workers’ compensation and unemployment insurance, and
withholding and payment of federal and state income taxes, social security taxes, and sales and service taxes.
Your advertising and promotion must be completely factual and conform to the highest standards of ethical
advertising. The Restaurant must in all dealings with customers, suppliers, us, and the public adhere to the
highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing, and ethical conduct. You agree not to engage in any
business or advertising practice that could injure our business and the goodwill associated with the Marks,
the Franchise System, and other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. You must notify us in writing immediately
if (a) any legal charge is asserted against you or the Restaurant (even if there is no formal proceeding), (b)
any action, suit, or proceeding is commenced against you or the Restaurant, (c) you receive any report,
citation, or notice regarding the Restaurant’s failure to comply with any licensing, health, cleanliness, or
safety standard, or (d) any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or an assignment for the benefit of creditors
is commenced by or against you, your owners, or the Restaurant.

9.       MARKETING.

         A.     GRAND OPENING ADVERTISING.

       Within the first forty-five (45) to one hundred twenty (120) days of your Restaurant’s operation, you
may elect to execute a grand opening event to promote the Restaurant. If you choose to do so, we
recommend that you spend between Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000) and Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) to
promote the event. You agree to comply with our guidelines for any grand opening event you choose to
conduct.

         B.     ADVERTISING AND DEVELOPMENT FUND.

         Recognizing the value of advertising and marketing to the goodwill and public image of JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants, we maintain an Advertising and Development Fund (the “Fund”) for the advertising,
marketing, and public-relations programs and materials, as well as the other brand-building and protection
activities, we deem appropriate to enhance the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. You agree to contribute to the Fund
the weekly amounts we prescribe from time to time, not to exceed four and one-half percent (4½%) of the
Restaurant’s Gross Sales, payable at the same time and in the same manner as the Royalty. JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants that we or our affiliates own will contribute to the Fund on the same percentage basis
as franchisees.

        We have the right to collect for deposit into the Fund any advertising, marketing, or similar
allowances paid to us by suppliers who deal with JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and with whom we agree to
so deposit these allowances. (These payments are different from those not designated by suppliers to be used
exclusively for advertising or similar purposes and that we and our affiliates therefore may use for any
purposes we and they deem appropriate, as provided in Subsection 2.D. above.)

        We or our designee will direct all programs that the Fund finances, with sole control over the
creative concepts, graphics, materials, communications media, and endorsements used, as well as their
geographic, market, and media placement and allocation. The Fund may pay for preparing and producing
video, audio, and written materials and digital media (including conducting on-line Internet and mobile
advertising and marketing); developing, implementing, and maintaining an electronic commerce Website

                                                     26
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
