the circumstances at the time and what we deem to be in the Restaurant’s and our system’s best
interests. Factors we may consider in that regard include, for example, the new site’s market area, its
proximity to other Restaurants in our system, whether you are in compliance with your Franchise
Agreement, and how long it will take you to open at the new site.

We may condition our approval of your relocation request on (1) the new site and its lease being
acceptable to us, (2) your paying us a relocation fee, (3) your reimbursing the costs we incur during
the relocation process, including those required to help you construct and develop the Restaurant at
the new site in full compliance with Jimmy John’s Brand Standards, (4) your confirming that your
Franchise Agreement remains in effect and governs your operation of the Restaurant at the new site
with no change in the franchise term or, at our option, your signing our then-current form of franchise
agreement to govern your operation of the Restaurant at the new site for a new franchise term, (5)
your signing a Relocation Rider to Franchise Agreement to govern your transition from the
Restaurant’s former premises to the new site, (6) your signing a general release, in a form satisfactory
to us, of any and all claims against us and our owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and
agents (except for our indemnification obligations), (7) your continuing to operate the Restaurant at
the original premises until we authorize its closure, and (8) your taking, within the timeframe we
specify and at your own expense, all action we require to de-brand and de-identify the Restaurant’s
former premises so that it no longer is associated in any manner (in our sole determination) with the
franchise system.

You will not receive an exclusive territory. You also do not have any type of non-exclusive
territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. We (and our affiliates) retain the right
at all times to engage in any and all activities that we (and they) deem appropriate, wherever and
whenever we (and they) desire, and whether or not these activities compete with your Restaurant.
These permitted activities include the right to (1) establish and operate, and allow others to establish
and operate, JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants at any locations and in any areas, other than at your
Restaurant’s specific premises, (2) establish, and allow others to establish, other businesses and
distribution channels (including the Internet), wherever located or operating, that operate under the
Marks or any other trademarks or service marks, that are the same as or different from JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants, and that sell products and/or services that are identical or similar to and/or
competitive with those that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants customarily sell, and (3) engage in all
other activities not expressly prohibited by the Franchise Agreement. We do not currently sell any
products at national retail stores or online.

You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. You
must provide delivery services in compliance with our standards but only in the delivery area we
specify for you (in an email or other communication) after you find the Restaurant’s site. We
generally require all franchisees to offer delivery services; it is not an optional service. Except as
described below, you may deliver the Restaurant’s products to customers only with your own
employed delivery drivers. The delivery area’s size depends on where your Restaurant is located (for
example, a residential or commercial area), population density, drive times, and distance. There is
no specific minimum or maximum delivery area. We may at any time and for any or no reason change
the delivery area, including reducing its size. If we do, you must immediately change your delivery
practices and begin delivering the Restaurant’s products only within the newly-defined area. If you
do not do so, we may immediately terminate your right to provide any delivery services anywhere.
If we reduce your delivery area’s size, there might be a reduction in your sales, but we will not be
                                                 68
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
