Proportion of Purchases Subject to Specifications

Collectively, the purchases and leases described above are virtually 100% of your overall purchases
and leases to establish and operate the Restaurant.

Payments from Franchisee Purchases and Leases

During the 2025 fiscal year, neither we nor our affiliates sold products or services directly to
franchisees for their JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; therefore, they derived no revenue from those
activities. However, we and certain of our affiliates received payments and/or licensing fees from
designated and approved suppliers on account of JIMMY JOHN’S® franchisees’ purchases of
required and approved items from those suppliers.

During the 2025 fiscal year, we and such affiliates received $65,600,000 from third party suppliers
on account of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees’ purchases of approved, contracted,
proprietary, or designated items from those suppliers (this amount includes $3,400,000 in supplier
contributions for convention-related costs). This information is taken from JJF’s and such other
affiliates’ internal business records.

Cooperatives and Purchasing Arrangements

There currently are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We and our designees currently
negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers (including price terms) for Trade Secret Food
Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, the Restaurant’s equipment, the point-of-sale system,
building supplies, and signage. In doing so, we and our designees seek to promote the franchise
system’s overall interests and our interests as the franchisor (rather than the interests of any particular
franchisee).

Material Benefits for Certain Purchases

We do not provide material benefits to you (for example, renewal or granting additional franchises)
for purchasing particular products or services or using particular suppliers.

Multi-Brand Locations

If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Restaurant at a Multi-
Brand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the System applicable to the
Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design requirements, the products and
services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising, marketing and promotional programs,
required equipment or products, required hours of operation, personnel training and staffing
requirements, and other standards, specifications and requirements, in a manner that is different from
the manner in which those terms apply to other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, to reflect the
Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If you operate your Restaurant at a Multi-Brand
Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.

If we permit you to operate your Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, (i) you must use paper
products and other items bearing the Trademarks only at the Restaurant and with products served by
the Restaurant, and you (or your affiliate) may not use them at the Other Restaurant or with products
served by the Other Restaurant; (ii) you must ensure that all employees providing services to
                                                  48
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
