Initial franchise fees under Franchise Agreements are fully earned when paid and not refundable
under any circumstances.

Training Fees

Our system provides initial management training for 2 people at no cost. However, if your Operations
Partner or on-site managers that you have designated to become certified cancel participation in any
training class or apprenticeship program that is part of this “no cost” initial training, you must pay us
a cancellation fee. The cancellation fee is one-half of the then-applicable training fee per person
(depending on which class or program is involved) if they cancel more than 2 weeks before the class
or program is scheduled to begin (this per-person cancellation fee is $750 as of this disclosure
document’s issuance date). The cancellation fee is 100% of the then-applicable training fee per
person (depending on which class or program is involved) if they cancel 2 weeks or less before the
class or program is scheduled to begin (this per-person cancellation fee is $1,500 as of this disclosure
document’s issuance date).

The cost for each additional trainee attending initial management training (after the first 2 people) is
currently $1,000 per week. The cost for the District Manager training program is currently $2,000.

If your Operations Partner or on-site managers that you have designated to become certified cancel
participation in any management training class for which they pre-register and pay a training fee, the
training fee you paid will not be refunded or reimbursed. If participation is cancelled more than 2
weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin, one-half of the training fee will be applied
as a credit towards a future training class or program. However, if participation is cancelled 2 weeks
or less before the class or program is scheduled to begin, you will receive no credit at all. Any credits
that you might receive are transferable among your affiliates and any other JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants that you might own, but are not transferable to other franchisees under any circumstances.

No costs are reimbursed if a training attendee is expelled (no matter the reason) from the training
program. An expelled trainee must wait at least 6 months before he or she may reapply to attend a
training class (although re-admittance is not guaranteed and is in our judgment). If a previously
expelled trainee is allowed to attend training, the training fee currently is $4,000.

Design Fees

At your request, our affiliate may develop a preliminary site layout (“PSL”) or a preliminary kitchen
layout (“PKL”) for your Restaurant. If our affiliate prepares a PSL and/or PKL for the Restaurant
you must pay our affiliate the then-current Kitchen Layout Design Fees and/or Site Design Fees as
applicable. Currently, the Site Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling Restaurant
and the Kitchen Layout Design Fee is $1,200 for a PKL for a new Restaurant and $750 for a PKL for
a remodeling Restaurant. Our affiliates only offer PSL services to Restaurants with drive-thrus.

Development Fee

If you sign our Development Agreement, you must pay the development fee in full when you sign
the Development Agreement. The development fee equals $10,000 for each Restaurant you agree to
construct, develop, and operate under the development schedule. The balance of the initial franchise
fee for each Restaurant is due when you sign the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant. During

                                                 25
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
