with the Cooperative Program, the balance will not be refunded. It will be retained for the benefit of
other Cooperative Program members if the transaction involves the Restaurant’s closing or the
termination or expiration of your Franchise Agreement (or your expulsion); credited to the transferee
if an approved transfer takes place; or credited to your other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and
Cooperative Program memberships if the transaction involves a Restaurant closing but you then own
other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA and remain a Cooperative Program member
with respect to one or more of those other Restaurants.

We have the power to form, change, dissolve, or merge any Cooperative Program. Cooperative
Programs will not operate from any written governing documents other than your Franchise
Agreement. As of this disclosure document’s original issuance date, we have identified 182 separate
DMAs for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.

Franchisee Advertising Council

There currently is no franchisee advertising council advising us on advertising policies. However,
we have the power to form, change, or dissolve such a council.

Regional Advisory Franchisee Council

You must participate in any Regional Advisory Franchisee Council we designate. We have the power
to form, change, dissolve, or merge any such Council.

Computer and Point-of-Sale Systems

You must have a “back-of-office” Windows-compatible desktop computer that is not a laptop, which
you may purchase through your own vendor. The computer must have an Ethernet adapter for
network and Internet connectivity. You must have a functioning email address to receive notices and
otherwise communicate with you by email. You must provide network cabling in your Restaurant
according to our specifications. The operating system of the “back-of-office” computer must be a
version of Windows that is currently supported by Microsoft. You must install and maintain a
currently-supported version of Microsoft Excel for the weekly sales report. We estimate the computer
system’s cost to be $800 to $2,000. Because this computer is purchased “off the shelf” at any store,
there are no service contracts and no expected annual costs for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or
updates (and therefore no third parties have any contractual right or obligation to provide them).

You must obtain the currently approved point-of-sale system provided by and proprietary to Signature
Systems, Inc. The system’s approximate cost is $25,000 to $55,000, and monthly maintenance and
support fees are approximately $250 to $500 depending on the configuration chosen and approved.
The configuration is determined by multiple factors, including whether the Restaurant is a drive-thru
location. This system generates various sales reports, master vouchers, inventory reports, gross-sales
statements, and store-control information reports. The system is intended to include network
hardware and security services to help you achieve Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards
compliance, and validate your compliance as may be periodically required. You must comply with
the most current version of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards.

You must have an approved online ordering system. The only approved system is provided by Mobo
System, Inc. d/b/a Olo, and costs approximately $150 for the set-up and $85 per month. You also
must purchase certain computer equipment and pay the required monthly fees in order to participate
                                                59
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
