                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                  (d)    within one (1) mile of any other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in operation or under
         construction on the later of the effective date of the termination or expiration of this Agreement or
         the date on which all persons restricted by this Subsection begin to comply with this Subsection.

These restrictions also apply after transfers, as provided in Section 12.C.(12) above. If any person restricted
by this Subsection refuses voluntarily to comply with these obligations, the two (2) year period for that
person will commence with the entry of a court order enforcing this provision. The two (2) year period will
be tolled, if applicable, for the period during which a restricted person is in breach of this Subsection and will
resume when that person resumes compliance. Your owners expressly acknowledge that they possess skills
and abilities of a general nature and have other opportunities for exploiting these skills. Consequently, our
enforcing the covenants made in this Subsection will not deprive you or your owners of your personal
goodwill or ability to earn a living. You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions in this Section 15.D are
fair and reasonable and will not impose an undue hardship on you.

         E.      OUR RIGHT TO PURCHASE RESTAURANT.

        If you decide to transfer during this Agreement’s term the Restaurant and the franchise rights granted
by this Agreement, the Restaurant’s assets, an ownership interest in you, or a controlling ownership interest
in an Entity that owns a controlling ownership interest in you, the provisions of Section 12 generally will
apply to the proposed transfer. However, under the circumstances listed in subparagraph (1) below, we have
certain rights, as described in this Subsection 15.E., to acquire the Restaurant upon the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

                 (1)     Exercise of Option.

         Upon:

                 (a)     our termination of this Agreement according to its terms and conditions,

                 (b)     your termination of this Agreement without cause, or

                  (c)     expiration of this Agreement (if we offer, but you elect not to acquire, a successor
         franchise, or if we do not offer you a successor franchise due to your failure to satisfy the conditions
         for a successor franchise set forth in Section 13),

we have the option, exercisable by giving you written notice before or within thirty (30) days after the date of
termination or expiration, (i) to purchase the Restaurant and the fee simple interest in the Premises (if you or
one of your affiliates owns the Premises) or, if you (or one of your affiliates) do not own the Premises or we
choose not to purchase your (or your affiliate’s) fee simple interest in the Premises, (ii) to purchase the
Restaurant and exercise the rights under subparagraph (2) below. We have the unrestricted right to assign this
option to purchase.

        We are entitled to all customary warranties and representations in our asset purchase, including,
without limitation, representations and warranties as to authorization; non-contravention of laws or contract;
ownership and condition of and title to assets; liens and encumbrances on assets; validity of contracts and
agreements; liabilities affecting the assets, contingent or otherwise; and indemnities for all actions, events,
and conditions that existed or occurred in connection with the Restaurant before the closing of our purchase.




                                                       48
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
