Notes:

   (1)      “AUV” or “Annual Unit Volume” for the 2025 Franchised Restaurants is the same as
            annual Gross Sales, which means all revenue from operating a Jimmy John’s Restaurant
            (and includes delivery and catering charges not included in the price of Menu Items, any
            implied or imputed Gross Sales from business interruption insurance, all amounts
            received for the Jimmy John’s Restaurant’s relocation from, or closure at, its premises,
            and all amounts from selling or issuing gift or loyalty cards (except our JIMMY
            JOHN’S® gift cards)), but (i) excludes taxes collected from customers and paid to taxing
            authority, (ii) excludes the Jimmy John’s Restaurant’s revenue from selling or issuing
            JIMMY JOHN’S® gift cards (but revenue from selling products and services to
            customers using those cards for payment is included in Gross Sales) and (iii) is reduced
            by the amount of any documented refunds, credits, and discounts the Jimmy John’s
            Restaurant in good faith gives customers, as well as the redemption of a reward or similar
            credit as part of an approved loyalty program (if those amounts originally were included
            in calculating Gross Sales).

   (2)      We calculate the average AUVs in this Item 19 by adding the AUVs for each Jimmy
            John’s Restaurant in the applicable group and dividing the sum by the number of Jimmy
            John’s Restaurants in the applicable group. We obtain the AUVs for franchised Jimmy
            John’s Restaurants from sales reports that franchisees submit to us and from data that we
            collected from franchisees’ POS systems. We have not independently audited that
            information. Prospective franchisees and sellers of franchises should be advised that no
            certified public accountant has audited these figures or expressed his or her opinion
            concerning their contents or form. Upon your reasonable request, we will provide written
            substantiation for these financial performance representations. A Jimmy John’s
            Restaurant’s sales may vary depending on a number of factors, such as the restaurant’s
            location and physical condition, other characteristics of the site (such as access and
            signage), seasonality, competition and demographics in the market, pricing decisions, the
            level and types of marketing the restaurant undertakes, the quality of management and
            service, commitment to training staff, a franchisee’s business acumen, and the length of
            time the restaurant has been open. The 2025 Franchised Restaurants offer essentially the
            same products and services, face the same kinds of competitive challenges, and receive
            the same level of support from us that we expect new franchisees will experience.

   (3)      These financial performance representations do not reflect the costs of sales, operating
            expenses or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the AUV figures to obtain
            your net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs
            and expenses you will incur in operating your Restaurant. Franchisees or former
            franchisees, listed in this disclosure document, may be one source of this information.

Some outlets have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no assurance
that you’ll sell as much.

Other than the preceding financial performance representations, we do not make any financial
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any
such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we
                                                82
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
