                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

well as the redemption of a reward or similar credit as part of an approved loyalty program (if those amounts
originally were included in calculating Gross Sales).

         D.     LATE FEES AND INTEREST.

        You agree to pay us a late fee for each required payment not made on or before its original due date
and for each payment not honored by your financial institution. (You also must reimburse our bank charges
for your dishonored payments.) This late fee will equal ten percent (10%) of the original amount due but not
paid on time. The late fee is not interest or a penalty but compensates us for increased administrative and
management costs due to your late payment. In addition, all amounts you owe us for any reason, if more than
seven (7) days late, will bear interest accruing as of their original due date at one and one-half percent (1.5%)
per month or the highest commercial contract interest rate the law allows, whichever is less. We may debit
your bank account automatically for late fees and interest. You acknowledge that this Subsection is not our
agreement to accept any payments after they are due or our commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise
finance your operation of, the Restaurant.

         E.     APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS.

        Despite any designation you make, we may apply any of your payments to any of your past due
indebtedness to us or our affiliates. We may set off any amounts you or your owners owe us or our affiliates
against any amounts we or our affiliates owe you or your owners. You may not withhold payment of any
amounts you owe us or our affiliates due to our alleged nonperformance of any of our obligations under this
Agreement.

         F.     METHOD OF PAYMENT.

         Before the Restaurant opens, you agree to sign and deliver to us the documents we require to
authorize us to debit your business checking account automatically for the Royalty, Fund contributions
(defined below), and other amounts due under this Agreement and for your purchases of Trade Secret Food
Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items from us, our affiliates, or our designated or
approved suppliers (the “Electronic Depository Transfer Account” or “EDTA”). We may auto-debit all fees
and payments you owe us, our affiliates, or any designated or approved suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade
Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and services related to the
Restaurant’s operations. We will debit the EDTA for these amounts on their due dates or before then if your
actions indicate to us that your required payments might not be made when due. While we may, as noted
above, automatically debit your account for amounts due to designated or approved suppliers of Operating
Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and services
related to the Restaurant’s operations, we generally intend to do so only if you fail to pay the suppliers as and
when required. Funds must be available in the EDTA to cover our withdrawals, and you must report your
Gross Sales as we require.

        If you fail to report the Restaurant’s Gross Sales, we may debit your EDTA for one hundred twenty
percent (120%) of the last Royalty and Fund contribution we debited (together with the late fee noted in
Subsection 3.D. above). If the amounts we debit from your EDTA are less than the amounts you actually owe
us (once we have determined the Restaurant’s actual Gross Sales), we will debit your EDTA for the balance
on the day we specify. If the amounts we debit exceed the amounts you actually owe us, we will credit the
excess against the amounts due the following week.




                                                       11
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
