control or authority over your labor relations, including, among other things, employee selection,
training, promotion, termination, discipline, hours worked, rates of pay, benefits, work assigned, or
working conditions, or any other control over your employment practices. Restaurant employees are
under your control at the Restaurant. You must communicate clearly with Restaurant employees in
your employment agreements, human resources manuals, written and electronic correspondence,
paychecks, and other materials that you (and only you) are their employer and that neither we, as the
franchisor of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, nor our affiliates, are their employer.

Unless you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you must have an “Operations Partner” to manage the
Restaurant on-site on a day-to-day basis, and the Operations Partner must own, on a fully-vested basis
from the beginning of his or her association with you, at least 5% of your ownership. We must accept
your proposed Operations Partner. If you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you must at all times during
the term of this Agreement have a general manager whom we approve to manage the Restaurant on-
site on a day-to-day basis. The Operations Partner (or general manager, if you are a Sophisticated
Franchisee) must attend and complete to our satisfaction the full training and apprenticeship
programs.

Except as stated above, your on-site managers (except your Operations Partner, unless you are a
Sophisticated Franchisee) need not have an equity interest in the Restaurant or you. You must adopt
and implement reasonable steps to prevent improper disclosure of confidential information. Under
no circumstances will we control the forms or terms of employment agreements you choose to use
with your employees or otherwise be responsible for your labor relations or employment practices.
You must keep copies of non-disclosure agreements and send them to us upon request solely for us
to confirm your compliance with your confidentiality obligations.

You must disclose to us in writing the specific details of any investment in any other restaurant or
food-related business or franchise held by you, any of your owners, or any of your owners’ spouses.
Unless you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, your Operations Partner may not have any interest in, or
perform any work for, any other restaurant or food-related business or franchise, whether or not it is
a competitive business.

Your owners must personally guarantee your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and agree
to be bound personally by every contractual provision, whether containing monetary or non-monetary
obligations, including the covenant not to compete. This “Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations”
is the last 2 pages of the Franchise Agreement. We also may require your directors and officers to
comply with certain non-monetary obligations in the Franchise Agreement (for example,
confidentiality and non-competition) by having them sign our Principal’s Agreement (Exhibit E).

                                  ITEM 16
                RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

You must offer and sell all Menu Items and perform all services we periodically require for JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants. You may not offer or sell any products or perform any services we have not
authorized. Jimmy John’s Brand Standards may regulate required and/or authorized Menu Items,
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands; unauthorized and prohibited
food products, beverages, and services; purchase, storage, cooking, preparation, handling, and
packaging procedures and techniques for Menu Items, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded
Products, and Permitted Brands; and inventory requirements for Trade Secret Food Products, Branded

                                                75
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
