liable for that reduction because we simply will have taken action the Franchise Agreement allows us
to take. Your delivery area is not exclusive. We may engage and/or allow other franchisees and third
parties to engage in any activities we desire within the area without any restrictions at all (including
allowing other franchisees to provide delivery services in the area). We will not be liable for any
reduction in your sales due to these activities because we are allowed to engage and/or to allow others
to engage in these activities. The area is nothing more than the geographic boundaries in which you
may deliver the Restaurant’s products. In addition to your obligations above, if you receive our prior
written approval (which we may revoke at any time or for any reason) or if we (at our option) require,
then you must commence and continuously use the Third-Party Delivery Platforms in compliance
with the Brand Standards.

Although we have the right to do so, we and our affiliates have not, except as described at the end of
this Item, established other franchises or company-owned outlets or another distribution channel
selling or leasing similar products or services under a different trademark.

Continuation of your franchise does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market
penetration, or other contingency. Except as provided above regarding delivery services, there are no
restrictions on the areas where you may solicit or accept orders for Menu Items and services.
However, besides your delivery rights above, you have no right to use other distribution channels
to make sales away from your location and may not do so at any time.

If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant and
one or more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may grant you territorial
exclusivity for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other
Franchise Agreement.

Development Agreement

You may (if you qualify) develop and operate a number of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants within a
specific area (the “Territory”). We and you will identify the Territory in the Development Agreement
before signing it. The Territory typically is a city, cities, or other political subdivisions. We base the
Territory’s size primarily on the number of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants you agree to develop,
demographics, and site availability. We and you will negotiate the number of Restaurants you must
develop (no less than 3), the dates by which you must develop them, and the dates by which you must
sign each franchise agreement in order to maintain your development rights. We and you then will
complete the schedule in the Development Agreement before signing it. JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants that you (or your affiliates) are permitted to operate at Non-Traditional Locations
(defined below) in the Territory will not count toward your compliance with your development
schedule.

While the Development Agreement is in effect, we (and our affiliates) will not, except in the situations
described below, establish or grant to other franchisees the right to establish other JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants having their physical locations within the Territory. There are no other restrictions on us
(or our affiliates). You may not develop or operate JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants outside the
Territory. We may terminate the Development Agreement if you do not satisfy your development
obligations when required. We will evaluate the proposed locations of your additional Restaurants
according to the same criteria, and following the same process, described earlier.


                                                  69
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
