or for more than a total of 10 business days, during a calendar year. Besides attending these courses,
at our request (in our sole discretion) you agree to attend an annual meeting of all JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant franchisees at a location we designate. Attendance will not be required for more than 4
days during any calendar year. You agree to pay all costs to attend. Currently, we also offer ongoing
training through our Cornerstone Learning Management System.

If you hire or appoint new or additional on-site managers for the Restaurant during the franchise term,
we may require them to complete to our satisfaction our then-current initial training and (depending
on the experience of any remaining on-site managers) apprenticeship programs. We may charge
reasonable fees for training new managers. You agree to pay all travel and living expenses your
employees incur during all training courses and programs. You agree to assist us in training other
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees. Your out-of-pocket expenses for providing this assistance
will be reimbursed.

Any specific ongoing training or advice we provide does not create an obligation (whether by course
of dealing or otherwise) to continue to provide that training or advice, all of which we may discontinue
and modify from time to time.

Training Related Fees and Costs

We will provide the orientation session for your Operations Partner at no charge (although you are
responsible for all travel and living expenses) and will provide initial training for no additional fee
for 2 people. There generally are no limits on the number of people you may send to initial training
and the apprenticeship program. However, you must pay our then-current training charge for each
additional person after the first 2 people. You also agree to pay all travel and living expenses your
Operations Partner and employees incur in connection with attending training.

You are responsible for paying your employees’ wages and benefits (if applicable) while they attend
training, including District Manager training. We will provide you information about the number of
hours your employees are actively involved in classroom and in-restaurant training, and you are
responsible for seeking out any other information you believe you need to ensure your employees are
accurately paid during training. You also are responsible for maintaining workers’ compensation
insurance over your employees during training and must provide proof of that insurance at the outset
of the training program. Everyone attending training must have a state health certificate.

Item 5 describes our training cancellation fees.

Shift Coverage by Certified Managers

The presence of properly trained and certified managers is important to ensuring and promoting
compliance with Brand Standards. At least 10 full shifts at the Restaurant each week must be covered
in their entireties by certified managers. If this is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, 14 full
shifts at the Restaurant each week during the first 12 months the Restaurant is open must be covered
in their entireties by certified managers. Each shift may be covered using any number of certified
managers, and in any combination, you choose. A “full” shift is from an hour before your posted
opening time to shift change or from shift change to 10 minutes after your posted closing time. You
are responsible for determining how many certified managers you will employ and may determine
that your Restaurant is best-served by employing more than 3 certified managers during the first 12

                                                   62
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
