service marks together with or instead of any previously designated Mark, you must comply with our
directions within a reasonable time after receiving notice. We need not reimburse your direct
expenses for changing the Restaurant’s signs, your lost revenue due to any modified or discontinued
Mark, or your expenses in promoting a modified or substitute trademark or service mark.

We will reimburse your damages and expenses incurred or for which you are liable in any proceeding
disputing your authorized use of any Mark under the Franchise Agreement if your use has been
consistent with the Franchise Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual, and Brand Standards
and you have timely notified us of, and comply with our directions in responding to, the proceeding.
At our option, we may defend and control the defense of any proceeding arising from your use of any
Mark.

If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may use the Other
Franchisor’s trademarks licensed to you under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with the
operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.

                                   ITEM 14
             PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

Patents and Copyrights

No patents or patent applications are material to the franchise. We claim copyrights in the
Confidential Operations (which contain our trade secrets and confidential information), advertising
and marketing materials, Restaurant blueprints, menu-boards and menus, the JIMMY JOHN’S®
website, and similar items used in operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. We have not registered
these copyrights with the United States Copyright Office but need not do so at this time to protect
them. You may use these items only as we specify while operating your Restaurant (and must stop
using them if we so direct you).

There currently are no effective adverse determinations of the USPTO, the United States Copyright
Office, or any court regarding the copyrighted materials. No agreement limits our right to use or
allow others to use the copyrighted materials. We do not actually know of any infringing uses of our
copyrights that could materially affect your use of copyrighted materials in any state.

We need not protect or defend copyrights, although we intend to do so if in the system’s best interests.
We may control any action we choose to bring, even if you voluntarily bring the matter to our
attention. We need not participate in your defense and/or indemnify you for damages or expenses in
a proceeding involving a copyright.

Confidential Information

Our Confidential Operations and other materials contain our confidential information (some of which
constitutes trade secrets under applicable law). This information includes site selection criteria;
recipes for Trade Secret Food Products and specifications for Branded Products; methods, formats,
specifications, standards, systems, procedures, food preparation techniques, sales and marketing
techniques, knowledge, and experience used in developing and operating JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants; marketing and advertising programs and materials for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants;
any computer software or similar technology that is proprietary to us or the system; knowledge of
specifications for and suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products,
                                                 73
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
