amounts would be contributed to the Cooperative Program. We and the Cooperative Program may
act on your behalf to authorize a supplier to pay those advertising, promotional, or marketing funds
or allowances directly to the Cooperative.

Franchisee contributions made directly to the Cooperative Program will be spent only for advertising
and marketing-related activities in the DMA (including related costs and expenses). We or our
designees will develop advertising plans and programs for spending Cooperative Program funds, and
Cooperative Program members will approve those plans and programs as follows.

We or our designees periodically will meet with advertising and similar agencies, determine and
create advertising plans and programs for the DMA, set budgets, and engage in similar planning
activities. We or our designees then will present advertising plans and programs to the JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants and franchisees covered by the Cooperative Program (the presentation may
be in writing, by email, or at a meeting of which you are notified). The JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants and franchisees covered by the Cooperative Program (including us and our affiliates) will
vote to approve or disapprove the advertising plans and programs presented. In order for the proposed
advertising plans and programs to be approved, at least a majority (i.e., in excess of 50%) of the
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants actually voting or otherwise responding by the designated date,
including by valid proxy and other authorization (including JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants operated
by us and our affiliates), must vote in their favor. Each Restaurant will have one vote (unless the
franchisee’s voting rights have been suspended, as provided below). Once approved, we or our
designees will implement the advertising plans and programs using Cooperative Program funds.
However, if no franchisees respond, no formal vote is required, and we or our designees alone may
decide to implement the proposed advertising plans and programs. We or our designees also may
cast the deciding vote if there is a tie among the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants eligible to vote
(whether or not we or our affiliates own Restaurants covered by the Cooperative Program). We and/or
our designees may use advertising and promotional materials developed, prepared, or used by or for
the benefit of the Cooperative Program for any other purposes we and they deem appropriate,
including for the activities of other cooperative programs.

We may terminate the Cooperative Program whenever we deem best. You will cease being a member
of the Cooperative Program if you no longer own JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA
or have been expelled. In that case, your voting and other membership rights in the Cooperative
Program will terminate automatically on the day your Franchise Agreement terminates or expires or
on the day you are expelled. However, you still must pay all contributions that accrued before the
date of termination, expiration, or expulsion.

The Cooperative Program may adopt rules and regulations regarding the treatment of delinquencies.
You agree to abide by them, including paying interest and late fees. We may suspend your voting
rights and other privileges if you are delinquent in making contributions or otherwise are in default
under your Franchise Agreement (including by not having the required number of certified managers
in place). However, suspension of your voting rights and other privileges will not excuse you from
paying delinquent amounts or other contributions becoming due from Cooperative Program members
after the suspension.

You will remain responsible to the Cooperative Program for all contributions due through the date of
the Restaurant’s transfer. A transfer will be deemed to occur only if it complies with your Franchise
Agreement. If you sell or close your Restaurant (or are expelled) when you have a credit balance
                                               58
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
