                                                                                    Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                          DA #: ___________

Francisco-Oakland-San Jose CA, Savannah GA, Syracuse NY, Tulsa OK, Tyler-Longview (Lufkin &
Nacogdoches) TX, Utica NY, West Palm Beach-Fort Pierce FL, Wilkes Barre-Scranton PA and Wilmington
NC. If you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:

                a.      We will credit $175,000, toward the Royalty owed under that Franchise Agreement.

              b.       The Advertising and Development Fund contributions under the applicable Franchise
        Agreement will be amended as set forth below:

                 Duration of Effective Fund Contribution Rate         Effective Fund Contribution Rate
                            Opening through Year 1                                   1%
                             Year 2 through Year 3                                   2%
                     Year 4 through remainder of the term                           4.5%

        4.       Pioneer Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment is being sign in
connection with the first person developing two or more restaurants in Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New
Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31,
2027 to develop five or more New Commitments that will be located within Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New
Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont (the “Pioneer Incentive Territory”), the first two New Commitments
you develop under the Development Schedule in the Pioneer Incentive Territory may receive the benefits of
our “Pioneer Incentive” program. Under the Pioneer Incentive program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements for the first and/or second New Commitment you open in the Pioneer Incentive Territory, we
will credit $50,000 toward the Royalty owed under the Franchise Agreement for that New Commitment.

         5.      Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the New Restaurant Opening,
Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive, Select Developing Markets, or Deeper New Restaurant Opening
Incentive program set forth above, then for each Franchise Agreement that is executed for an Incentive
Commitment in accordance with the Development Agreement, and you open and begin operating the
Restaurant in accordance with the applicable Franchise Agreement before the Applicable Opening Deadline,
then the Royalty will be zero percent (0%) from the date you open the Restaurant until the Applicable Opening
Deadline (not to exceed six (6) months), then the applicable reduced royalty rate shall apply. If you open the
Restaurant on or after the Applicable Opening Deadline, the Early Opening Incentive described in this Section
will not apply to the Restaurant.

         6.      VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Developer or its owner(s) qualify for the
VetFran Program.] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2027 and you are a
veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who qualifies and signs the Development
Agreement to develop two or more Jimmy John’s Restaurants, each New Commitment you develop under the
Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “VetFran Program” incentive if you satisfy the Incentive
Eligibility Requirements with respect to that Restaurant. Under the VetFran Program, if you satisfy the
Incentive Eligibility Requirements, we will credit an amount equal to $10,000 towards the Royalty owed under
each Franchise Agreement signed in connection with the Development Agreement, up to $100,000 in total.

        7.      Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this reference. For
the avoidance of doubt, all references in this Amendment to a Development Schedule, Opening Deadline, or
any other required opening date shall refer to such date(s) as of the effective eate of the applicable
agreement. If we agree to any subsequent modification to, or amendment of, the Development Schedule,
Opening Deadline, or any other required opening date, such modification or amendment shall not modify,
amend, or otherwise extend any deadlines set forth in this Amendment. This Amendment is an amendment to,
and forms a part of, the Development Agreement. If there is an inconsistency between this Amendment and
                                                      3
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit C-1 – Incentives Amendment to Development Agreement
1625469940.2
