                               ITEM 1
     THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES

To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (“Franchise Disclosure Document” or
“FDD”), “we” or “us” means Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC. “You” means the entity to which
we grant a franchise (and, if applicable, development rights). If you are a corporation, partnership,
or other entity, your owners must sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached to the
“Franchise Agreement” (attached hereto Exhibit B), which means all or some of the provisions of the
Franchise Agreement will also apply to your owners.

The Franchisor

We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 12, 2017. Our principal business
address is Three Glenlake Parkway NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We operate under our company
name and the trademarks described in Item 13 (the “Marks”) and no other name. We have offered
franchises for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants since July 2017. As of December 28, 2025, our 2025
fiscal year end, there were 2,777 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants operating in the United States (2,699
were single-branded franchised, 38 multi-branded franchised, 38 single-branded company-owned,
and 2 multi-branded company-owned). As of December 28, 2025, there were 37 Jimmy John’s
restaurants operating internationally.

We have not offered franchises in any other line of business, have never operated a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant, and have no other business activities. If we have an agent in your state for service of
process, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A.

The JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant Franchise Opportunity

We grant franchises for Restaurants operating under the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name and other Marks.
(In this disclosure document, we call the Restaurants in our system “JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants”;
we use the term “Restaurant” to describe the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant you will operate.) JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants, which typically are located in strip shopping centers, shopping malls, and
free-standing units, sell high-quality sandwiches, fresh-baked breads, and other permitted food and
beverage products (“Menu Items”) and provide carry-out, delivery, and on-premises dining services.

Most Menu Items are prepared according to specific recipes and procedures and use high-quality
ingredients, including (1) specially formulated and specially produced JIMMY JOHN’S® proprietary
lines of bread dough, meats, and other food products (collectively, “Trade Secret Food Products”)
and (2) food products (other than Trade Secret Food Products) branded and/or packaged exclusively
for the JIMMY JOHN’S® system and franchisees (collectively, “Branded Products”). (Branded
Products also include non-food products branded and/or packaged exclusively for the JIMMY
JOHN’S® system and franchisees.) Certain food and beverage products are not prepared with Trade
Secret Food Products or Branded Products but still are required or authorized for sale (collectively,
“Permitted Brands,” which are encompassed within Menu Items). If you acquire a franchise, you
must operate your Restaurant according to our business formats, methods, procedures, designs,
layouts, standards, and specifications in order to maintain the quality and consistency of the JIMMY
JOHN’S® brand.



                                                1
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
