We also grant multi-unit development rights to qualified franchisees, who then may develop a number
of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants (but no less than 3) within a defined area over a specific time period
or according to a pre-determined development schedule. These franchisees may open and operate
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants directly or through entities they own or control. Our Development
Agreement is Exhibit C. Franchisees signing our Development Agreement must sign our then-current
form of Franchise Agreement for each additional JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant they develop. That
form may differ from the form of Franchise Agreement included in this disclosure document.

If you are renewing your franchise because its current term is about to expire, you will sign our
Successor Franchise Rider to Franchise Agreement attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit
B-4 (the “Renewal Rider”), which generally modifies certain provisions in our standard Franchise
Agreement that do not apply to you because your Restaurant already is open.

We also offer the right to develop a Restaurant at certain locations that are by their nature are unique
and separate in character from sites generally developed as a Restaurant. Those locations (“Non-
Traditional Locations”) include, but are not limited to: (a) military bases and other governmental
facilities; (b) universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas
and other public or restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas,
theaters and other sports and entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums,
zoos, and other similar public facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations
within shopping centers, shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings,
and department stores, grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention
centers; (h) hospitals, nursing facilities and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other
sovereign territories. You will sign our then current form of Franchise Agreement and Non-
Traditional Rider, attached as Exhibit B-2, for each Restaurant developed at a Non-Traditional
Location.

Depending on your location, you might have the opportunity to buy an existing JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant from Jimmy John’s Enterprises, LLC (“JJE”), an affiliate which shares our principal
business address (if JJE chooses to sell any of its Restaurants). In that case, you will purchase the
Restaurant’s assets from JJE at a price to be negotiated based on the value of the Restaurant’s assets
and related goodwill. You and JJE will sign an asset purchase agreement and related materials to
document that asset purchase. You will sign a Franchise Agreement with us in connection with that
asset purchase and then operate the Restaurant as a franchise. JJE has operated at least one JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant since 1983. JJE has not offered franchises in any line of business.

Multi-Brand Locations

We have an arrangement with Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc.,
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC, and Sonic Franchising LLC
(each an “Other Franchisor”) whereby we, together with the applicable Other Franchisor(s), may offer
certain qualified prospects the right to develop and operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at the
same location as, and in combination with, an Arby’s® restaurant, Buffalo Wild Wings® sports bar,
BWW GO® restaurant, Dunkin’® restaurant, Baskin-Robbins® restaurant, and/or Sonic® restaurant
(collectively, the “Other Restaurants” and together with a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, the “Multi-
Brand Location”).



                                                     2
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
