                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

                 (b)      have any direct or indirect non-controlling interest as an owner – whether of record,
         beneficial, or otherwise – in a Competitive Business, wherever located or operating (except that
         equity ownership of less than two percent (2%) of a Competitive Business whose stock or other
         forms of ownership interest are publicly-traded on a recognized United States stock exchange will
         not be deemed to violate this subparagraph);

                 (c)      perform services as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant,
         representative, or agent for a Competitive Business, wherever located or operating;

                (d)      divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business or customer of the
         Restaurant to a Competitive Business; or

                 (e)    engage in any other activity that might injure the goodwill of the Marks and
         Franchise System.

The term “Competitive Business” means (i) any restaurant or other food-service business that derives more
than fifty percent (50%) of its non-beverage revenue from selling submarine, hero-type, deli-style, and/or
wrapped or rolled sandwiches or (ii) any business granting franchises or licenses to others to operate the type
of business specified in clause (i) (other than a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant operated under a franchise
agreement with us).

         You agree to obtain similar covenants from the senior personnel we specify, including officers,
directors, and managers, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. You agree to disclose to us in writing
the specific details of any investment in any other restaurant or food-related business or franchise held by
you, any of your owners, or any of your owners’ spouses. Unless you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you
further agree that, in addition to the restrictions above, your Operations Partner will not have any interest in,
or perform any work for, any other restaurant or food-related business or franchise, whether or not it is a
Competitive Business.

8.       BRAND STANDARDS.

         A.      COMPLIANCE WITH BRAND STANDARDS.

         You acknowledge and agree that operating and maintaining the Restaurant according to Brand
Standards are essential to preserve the goodwill of the Marks and all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.
Therefore, you agree at all times to operate and maintain the RESTAURANT according to all Jimmy John’s
Brand Standards, as we periodically issue, modify, and supplement them, even if you believe a Brand
Standard, as originally issued or subsequently modified, is not in the Franchise System’s or the Restaurant’s
best interests. Although we retain the right to establish and periodically modify Brand Standards that you
have agreed to maintain, you retain the right to control, and responsibility for, the Restaurant’s management
and operation and implementing and maintaining Brand Standards at the Restaurant.

         Brand Standards may regulate any one or more of the following:

                  (1)     design, layout, decor, appearance, and lighting of the Restaurant; periodic
         maintenance, cleaning, and sanitation; periodic remodeling and painting; replacing obsolete,
         damaged, stained, or worn leasehold improvements and Operating Assets; and using interior and
         exterior signs, emblems, lettering, and logos.



                                                       21
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
