                                                                                              DA #: ___________

(or your affiliated entity) cure that default and whether or not we subsequently terminate the other franchise
agreement.

         Termination of this Agreement is not deemed to be the termination of any franchise rights. Franchise
rights arise only under franchise agreements signed directly with us. A termination of this Agreement does not
affect any franchise rights granted under any then-effective individual franchise agreements. No portion of the
Development Fee is refundable upon termination of this Agreement or under any other circumstances.

9.      ASSIGNMENT. Your development rights under this Agreement are not assignable at all. This means
that we will not under any circumstances allow the development rights to be transferred.

10.      NOTICES. All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally recognized
overnight courier or certified mail to the physical addresses set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or to such
other physical addresses as you and we provide each other in writing; provided, however, that we may also send
notice to you at the email address(es) set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or such other email addresses as
you may provide to us in writing. All notices to us shall be sent to us, “Attention: Legal Department.”

11.      GENERAL PROVISIONS. Sections 6 (Confidential Information), 7 (Exclusive Relationship), 16
(Relationship of the Parties/Indemnification), and 17 (Enforcement) of the Existing Franchise Agreement are
incorporated by reference in this Agreement and will govern all aspects of our and your relationship and the
construction of this Agreement as if fully restated within the text of this Agreement. You agree to comply, and
ensure your owners comply, with the provisions of Sections 6, 7, 16, and 17 of the Existing Franchise Agreement
applicable to the franchisee. This Agreement, including the Contract Data Schedule, together with the Existing
Franchise Agreement, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral and written, between the
parties relating to its subject matter, and there are no oral or other written understandings, representations, or
agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this Agreement shall disclaim or require you to waive reliance on any representation that we made in
the most recent disclosure document (including its exhibits and amendments) that we delivered to you or your
representative. This Agreement may be signed by written or electronic signature and in multiple counterparts,
but all such counterparts together shall be considered one and the same instrument. The provisions of this
Agreement may be amended or modified only by written agreement signed by the party to be bound.




                                                        5
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625469767.2
