required and/or authorized Menu Items, recipes, and food-handling and preparation procedures;
unauthorized and prohibited food products, beverages, and services; inventory requirements; and
designated and approved suppliers (including manufactures and distributors) of Operating Assets,
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, other items, and services.

In the case of Trade Secret Food Products and Branded Products, suppliers will be limited to us,
certain of our affiliates, and/or other specified exclusive sources, meaning you must buy Trade Secret
Food Products and Branded Products during the franchise term only from us, our designated affiliates,
and/or the other specified exclusive sources at the prices we and they decide to charge. We restrict
these items’ sources to protect trade secrets and other intellectual-property rights, assure quality,
assure a reliable supply of products meeting JIMMY JOHN’S® standards, achieve better purchase
terms and delivery service, control use of the Marks by third parties, and monitor the manufacturing,
packaging, processing, and sale of these items.

In the case of Operating Assets, services (including construction-related services), and items other
than Trade Secret Food Products and Branded Products (like Permitted Brands), suppliers may at our
option be limited to us, certain of our affiliates, and/or other specified exclusive sources, in which
case you must (at our direction) buy those Operating Assets and other items and services (including
gift, loyalty, and affinity card processing services, “mystery” and “secret” shopper services, customer
satisfaction survey processes, and construction-related services) during the franchise term only from
us, our designated affiliates, and/or the other specified exclusive sources at the prices we and they
decide to charge. We have the absolute right to limit the suppliers with whom you may deal. We
will not allow you or another franchisee to be a supplier of any products or services to JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants.

We will identify all designated and approved suppliers in the Confidential Operations Manual or other
written or electronic communications. Our affiliate has contracted with a technology provider to
provide franchisees a technology-based learning management system, and you must participate in the
arrangement with that provider. Otherwise, we and our affiliates currently are not designated or
approved suppliers of any items or services. Besides Trade Secret Food Products and Branded
Products, you currently must buy all of your Restaurant’s equipment and point-of-sale system from
our designated suppliers. We also may require you to use our designated insurance broker, a
designated supplier for video security systems, and designated or approved general contractors. If
you receive our prior written approval (which we may revoke at any time or for any reason) or if we
require, then you must commence and continuously use the third-party food ordering, drop-
off/catering, and/or delivery services and systems we designate or approve periodically (collectively,
“Third-Party Delivery Platforms”) in compliance with the Brand Standards. We may condition your
use of Third-Party Delivery Platforms on your purchase or lease of certain hardware, software, and
other goods or services we periodically designate from designated or approved suppliers, which may
at our option be limited to us, certain of our affiliates, and/or other specified exclusive sources.

Additionally, you must sign contracts with approved suppliers and participate in our then-current gift
card program operated by or through our approved suppliers (that may include us or our affiliates).
There are no other goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and
software, real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the Restaurant that you
currently must buy or lease from us (or an affiliate) or designated suppliers. Any purchases from us
and our affiliates, whether required or voluntary, generally will be at prices exceeding our costs (plus
applicable taxes and shipping charges).
                                                 44
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
