                                                                                   Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                         DA #: ___________

         If this is your second or subsequent JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, your fully trained Operations
Partner need not attend the initial training or apprenticeship programs. If you have acquired the Restaurant
via a transfer from another franchisee, you must comply with the same minimum managerial requirements
specified above.

        All certified managers present at the Restaurant, and all employees in customer contact positions at
the Restaurant, must be able to speak, read, write, and understand the English language fluently so they can,
as applicable, pass the portions of our training program (which is conducted in English) related to their
positions and communicate clearly with customers, suppliers, and other third parties.

         C.     GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS.

        We may advise you from time to time regarding the manner in which, based on your reports or our
evaluations and inspections, operations at the Restaurant promote and enhance the quality of the JIMMY
JOHN’S® brand. We may provide recommendations to you with respect to:

               (1)    standards, specifications, and operating procedures and methods that JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants use;

                (2)    purchasing required and authorized Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products,
         Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and arranging for their distribution to you;

                (3)     advertising and marketing materials and programs; and

                (4)     administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control procedures.

We may provide recommendations to you in our confidential operations manual (“Confidential Operations
Manual”) and other manuals; in bulletins or other written materials; by electronic media; by telephone
consultation; and/or at our office or the Restaurant. If you request (and we agree to provide), or we believe
you need, additional or special guidance or support, excluding aspects relating to labor relations and
employment practices, as those are solely your responsibility as the employer, you agree to pay our then
applicable charges, including the daily training charges and travel and living expenses of our designated
personnel. “Electronic media” means the Internet, the World Wide Web, or any other similar proprietary or
common carrier electronic delivery system, including an Intranet, and materials (such as CD ROMs and USB
data storage devices) that facilitate the electronic communication of information. An “Intranet” means an
internal network we design and administer for the JIMMY JOHN’S® Franchise System through which
members of the Franchise System may, in compliance with our terms of use and other requirements,
communicate with each other and through which we may circulate updates to the substance of the
Confidential Operations Manual and other Confidential Information. We have no obligation to maintain the
Intranet indefinitely and may dismantle it at any time without notice or liability to you.

         D.     CONFIDENTIAL OPERATIONS MANUAL.

        We will provide you access during the Franchise term to one (1) copy of our Confidential Operations
Manual, which may consist of, and is defined to include, audio, video, computer software, other electronic
media (defined in Subsection 4.C. and below) and/or written and other tangible materials. The media and
materials comprising the Confidential Operations Manual contain Brand Standards and information about
your other obligations under this Agreement. We periodically may modify the substance of the Confidential
Operations Manual to reflect changes in Brand Standards and your other operating requirements. You agree
to keep your written copy of, and other tangible materials comprising, the Confidential Operations Manual

                                                     16
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
