                                                                                              DA #: ___________

                                     JIMMY JOHN’S RESTAURANT
                                     DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

         This Development Agreement (this “Development Agreement” or “Agreement”), dated as of the Effective
Date, is made by and between us and you, which terms are defined in the Contract Data Schedule.

        1.       BACKGROUND.

        (a)      We and certain affiliates have developed (and continue to develop and modify) a system and
franchise opportunity for the operation of restaurants providing carry-out, delivery, and on-premises dining
services and featuring gourmet deli sandwiches, fresh-baked breads, and other permitted food and beverage
products (collectively, “Menu Items”).

         (b)     Most Menu Items are prepared according to specified recipes, standards, and procedures and use
high-quality ingredients, including specially formulated and specially produced proprietary lines of bread dough,
meats, and other food products (collectively, “Trade Secret Food Products”) and food products (not constituting
Trade Secret Food Products) that are branded and/or packaged exclusively for our system and franchisees
(collectively, “Branded Products”). (Branded Products also are defined to include non-food products branded
and/or packaged exclusively for our system and franchisees.) Certain food and beverage products are not
prepared with Trade Secret Food Products or Branded Products but still are required or authorized for sale
(collectively, “Permitted Brands,” which are encompassed within Menu Items). The restaurants described above
operate under the “Jimmy John’s®” name and other trademarks (“Jimmy John’s® Restaurants”) and have
distinctive business formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs, layouts, standards, and specifications, all of
which we may improve, further develop, or otherwise modify from time to time.

        (c)     We currently use, promote, and license certain trademarks, service marks, and other commercial
symbols in operating Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, which have gained and we expect will continue to gain public
acceptance and goodwill, and may create, use, and license new trademarks, service marks, and commercial
symbols for Jimmy John’s® Restaurants (collectively, the “Marks”).

          (d)      We grant to those that meet our qualifications, and are willing to undertake the investment and
effort, the right to develop, own and operate one or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants offering the Menu Items
and services we require and authorize and using our business formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs,
layouts, standards, specifications, and Marks (the “Franchise System”).

         (e)     We and you (or your Approved Affiliate (as defined in Section 3)) are parties to the Existing
Franchise Agreement that is set forth in the Contract Data Schedule under which you (or your Approved
Affiliate) have the right and obligation to operate a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant under the Marks and Franchise
System. All initial capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in
the Existing Franchise Agreement.

        (f)     You desire to develop and operate one or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants and we, in reliance
on your representations, have approved your franchise application to do so in accordance with this Agreement.

2.      GRANT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS. Subject to strict compliance with this Agreement, we grant
you the right, and you commit, to develop the number of Jimmy John’s® Restaurants (including the Jimmy
John’s® Restaurant covered by the Existing Franchise Agreement) identified in the Contract Data Schedule and
in accordance with the mandatory development schedule described in the Contract Data Schedule to this
Agreement (the “Schedule”), within the Territory that is set forth in the Contract Data Schedule. Jimmy John’s®
Restaurants that you (or your affiliates) are permitted to operate at Non-Traditional Locations (defined below)
physically located in the Territory will not count toward your compliance with the Schedule.

                                                        1
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit C – Development Agreement
1625469767.2
