       or our designated or approved suppliers (the “Electronic Depository Transfer Account” or
       “EDTA”). We may auto-debit all fees and payments you owe us, our affiliates, or any
       designated or approved suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded
       Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and services related to the Restaurant’s operation.
       We will debit the EDTA for these amounts on their due dates or before then if your actions
       indicate to us that your required payments might not be made when due. Funds must be
       available in the EDTA for withdrawal. We may require payment other than by automatic
       debit, and you must comply with our payment instructions. If you do not timely report the
       Restaurant’s Gross Sales, we may debit your EDTA for 120% of the last Royalty and Fund
       contribution we debited (together with the late fee and interest). If the amounts we debit are
       less than the amounts you actually owe us, we will debit your EDTA for the balance on the
       day we specify. If the amounts we debit exceed the amounts you actually owe us, we will
       credit the excess against the amounts due the following week.

(5)    These Cooperative Advertising Programs will include JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
       operated in the designated market area by us, JJE, or our other affiliates. Besides your
       advertising obligations described in this Item, you must spend 0.5% of the Restaurant’s
       weekly Gross Sales on local marketing. We recommend that you spend between $3,000 and
       $5,000 to conduct a grand opening event.

(6)    You must participate actively in any JIMMY JOHN’S® Regional Advisory Franchisee
       Council (“Council”) we designate. A Council’s purpose includes exchanging ideas and
       problem-solving methods, advising us on expenditures for regional advertising, and
       coordinating franchisee efforts. You must pay all assessments the Council levies, and we may
       enforce this obligation for the Council. Amounts and expenditures may vary due to
       differences in Council participation and costs (but we must approve them). We may form a
       Council when more than one franchisee operates a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in any given
       region, the boundaries of which we may determine.

(7)    A “Sophisticated Franchisee” is an entity that, together with its affiliates, owns and operates
       at least 5 limited service restaurants, whether JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and/or
       restaurants operating under one or more other franchised brands. Unless otherwise stated, if
       you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, all references to Operations Partner mean the Restaurant’s
       general manager.

(8)    If we terminate the Franchise Agreement with cause or you terminate the Franchise
       Agreement without cause, we may require you to pay us, within 15 days after the termination’s
       effective date, liquidated damages equal to the product of either 36 or the number of months
       then remaining in the Franchise Agreement’s term as of the effective date of termination,
       whichever is shorter, multiplied by the average monthly Royalties that you (or the person or
       entity who previously operated the Restaurant) owed us during the 12 full months before the
       month of termination (or for such lesser number of full months that the Restaurant has been
       open and operating on a continuous basis, whether under the Franchise Agreement or a
       predecessor franchise agreement, if less than 12 months). These liquidated damages cover
       only our damages from loss of the Royalty. They do not cover other damages to which we
       might be entitled due to your actions or inaction.



                                                39
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
