                                                                                     Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                           DA #: ___________

                                       ADDENDUM TO
                            THE JIMMY JOHN’S FRANCHISOR SPV, LLC
                              FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

The following are additional disclosures for the Franchise Disclosure Document of Jimmy John’s Franchisor
SPV, LLC as required by various state franchise laws. Each provision of these additional disclosures will
only apply to you if the applicable state franchise registration and disclosure law applies to you.

NO WAIVER OF DISCLAIMER OF RELIANCE IN CERTAIN STATES

The following provision applies only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state franchise
disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North
Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington or Wisconsin:


                 No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in
         connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
         waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
         inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or
         any other person acting on behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any
         document executed in connection with the franchise.

CALIFORNIA

    1. The following language is added to the end of Item 1:

    To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly Bill 1228, codified at Cal. Lab.
    Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”), which may set health, safety, and employment standards
    related to your employees, including standards on minimum wages, working hours, and working
    conditions.

    2. The following language is added to the end of Items 5, 6, and 11:

    We currently do not provide any training or assistance related to, or charge any initial or ongoing fees
    related to, the development or implementation of any standards, policies, or procedures that may be
    required under the Fast Food Act. It is solely your responsibility to determine whether the Fast Food Act
    applies to your franchise and, to the extent it does apply, to comply with the Fast Food Act when
    developing and constructing your Restaurant, operating your franchise, and training and supervising your
    employees.

    3. The following language is added to the end of Item 7, Note (11):

         The additional funds estimate takes into account any increased costs that you may incur related to
         complying with the Fast Food Act (such as increased wages), to the extent applicable, based on the
         Fast Food Act standards that are in effect as of the date of this disclosure document.

    4. The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:

         No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in connection
         with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
         claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
                                                       1
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit G – State-Specific Addenda and Franchise Agreement Riders
1627464767.2
