                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

         (including related costs and expenses). We or our designees will develop advertising plans and
         programs for expenditure of Cooperative Program funds, which plans and programs are to be
         approved by the Cooperative Program’s members in the following manner.

                  We or our designees periodically will meet with advertising and similar agencies, determine
         and create particular advertising plans and programs for the DMA, set budgets, and engage in similar
         planning activities. We or our designees then will present advertising plans and programs to the
         JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and franchisees covered by the Cooperative Program (the
         presentation may be in writing, by email, or at a meeting of which you will be notified). The JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants and franchisees covered by the Cooperative Program (including us and our
         affiliates) will vote to approve or disapprove the advertising plans and programs presented. In order
         for the proposed advertising plans and programs to be approved, at least a majority (i.e., in excess of
         fifty percent (50%)) of the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants actually voting or otherwise responding
         by the designated date, including by valid proxy and other authorization (including JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants operated by us and our affiliates), must vote in their favor. Each such
         Restaurant will be entitled to one (1) vote (unless the franchisee’s voting rights have been suspended,
         as provided in subparagraph (7) below). Once approved, we or our designees will implement the
         advertising plans and programs using Cooperative Program funds. However, if no franchisee
         responds, no formal vote is required, and we or our designees alone may decide to implement the
         proposed advertising plans and programs. We or our designees also may cast the deciding vote if
         there is a tie among the JIMMY JOHN’S Restaurants eligible to vote (whether or not we or our
         affiliates own Restaurants covered by the Cooperative Program). We and/or our designees may use
         all advertising and promotional materials developed, prepared, or used by or for the benefit of the
         Cooperative Program for any other purposes we and they deem appropriate, including for the
         activities of other cooperative programs.

                 (6)    Termination of Cooperative Program/Your Participation Rights. We may terminate
         the Cooperative Program whenever we deem best. You will cease being a member of the
         Cooperative Program if you no longer own JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA or
         have been expelled. Under such circumstances, your voting and other membership rights in the
         Cooperative Program with respect to the Restaurant will terminate automatically on the day this
         Agreement terminates or expires or on the day you are expelled. However, you still will be obligated
         and responsible for all contributions that accrued before the date of termination, expiration, or
         expulsion.

                 (7)      Contribution Delinquencies and Operating Defaults. The Cooperative Program may
         adopt rules and regulations regarding the treatment of delinquencies. You agree to abide by them,
         including paying interest and late-payment fees. We may suspend your voting rights and other
         privileges if you are delinquent in making contributions. We also may suspend your voting rights
         and other privileges if you otherwise are in default under this Agreement, including, but not limited
         to, by not having the required number of certified managers in place. However, suspension of your
         voting rights and other privileges will not excuse you from paying delinquent amounts or other
         contributions that become due and payable by Cooperative Program members after the suspension.

                 (8)     Franchise Transfers and Credit Balances. You will remain responsible to the
         Cooperative Program for all contributions due through the date of the closing of any transfer of the
         Restaurant to anyone else. A transfer will be deemed to occur only if it complies with Section 12
         below. If you sell or close the Restaurant (or are expelled) when you have a credit balance with the
         Cooperative Program, the balance will not be refunded but will be retained for the benefit of other
         Cooperative Program members if the transaction involves a closing of the Restaurant or the
                                                       30
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
