       policy limits, types of policies, nature and value of physical assets, gross revenue, number of
       employees, square footage, location, business contents, and other factors bearing on risk
       exposure. The estimate contemplates insurance premium costs for 1 year. You should check
       with your insurance agent for any additional insurance you might want to obtain above our
       stated minimums.

(10)   This estimates the funds needed for professional advisors (like an attorney and accountant)
       and other miscellaneous expenses not addressed in this table that might arise during the
       franchise acquisition and development process.

(11)   This estimates the funds needed to cover your initial expenses for the first 3 months of
       operation (other than the items identified separately in the table). It includes payroll costs but
       not any owner’s draw or salary. However, this is only an estimate, and you might need
       additional working capital during the Restaurant’s first 3 months of operation and for a longer
       time period after that. This 3-month period is not intended, and should not be interpreted, to
       identify a point at which your Restaurant will break even. We cannot guarantee when or if
       your Restaurant will break even. Your costs will depend on how much you follow JIMMY
       JOHN’S® methods and procedures; your management skill, experience, and business
       acumen; local economic conditions; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and your
       Restaurant’s sales during the initial period. We relied on JJF’s approximately 29 years of
       franchising, and JJE’s approximately 40 years of operating, JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
       to compile this Additional Funds estimate.

(12)   You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before deciding to acquire
       the franchise. We do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial
       investment. The availability and terms of financing depend on many factors, including the
       availability of financing generally, your creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies
       of financial institutions from which you request a loan.

(13)   If we permit you to develop a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you
       may incur additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial franchise
       fee, initial training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture, equipment, initial
       inventory, and other expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs to establish each
       applicable Other Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document. You
       may pay less than the cumulative total estimated initial investments for both a JIMMY
       JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant if certain expenses, such as rent and insurance,
       overlap.

                                   ITEM 8
              RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

You must operate the Restaurant according to all JIMMY JOHN’S® Brand Standards. Establishing
and enforcing Brand Standards are the mechanism by which we maintain the quality and consistency
of the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. Brand Standards may regulate, among other things, types, models,
and brands of required fixtures, furniture, furnishings, signs, and equipment (including required
computer, point-of-sale information system, back office systems for reporting and inventory
purposes, and, upon our request, video security system) (collectively, “Operating Assets”); required
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, other food products, and supplies;

                                                 43
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
