                                                                                    Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                          DA #: ___________

        We may at any time defer or reduce contributions of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisee and,
upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to you, reduce or suspend Fund contributions and operations for
one or more periods of any length and terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Fund. If we terminate the
Fund, we will at our option spend all remaining Fund monies on permitted activities or distribute all unspent
monies to our franchisees, and to us and our affiliates, in proportion to their, and our, respective Fund
contributions during the preceding twelve (12) month period.

         C.      BY YOU.

        In addition to both your Fund contribution obligations in Subsection 9.B. above and your
Cooperative Program contribution obligations in Subsection 9.D. below, you agree to spend, beginning one
hundred twenty (120) days after you open the Restaurant for business, at least one-half percent (0.5%) of the
Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales to advertise and promote your Restaurant locally (including sampling and
special promotions). At our request, you agree to send us within thirty (30) days after the end of each month,
in the manner we prescribe, an accounting of your expenditures for local advertising and promotion during
the preceding month with receipts showing those expenditures. We may designate during the Franchise term
which expenditures will, or will not, count toward your required advertising expenditures under this
Subsection 9.C.

         To protect the goodwill that we and certain of our affiliates have accumulated in the “JIMMY
JOHN’S®” name and other Marks, we reserve the right to review all local advertising and to ensure that your
promotions follow our guidelines. You may not use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials we
have not had the opportunity to approve or have disapproved. If you do so, then in addition to our other
rights and remedies under this Agreement, you must pay us a One Thousand Dollar ($1,000) “Unauthorized
Advertising” fee for each violation upon receiving our invoice. This fee compensates us for, among other
things, additional expenses we will incur due to your breach of this restriction. You may not develop,
maintain, or authorize any Website, email address, or user-generated content we have not had the opportunity
to approve or have disapproved that mentions or describes you or the Restaurant, uses the initials or acronym
“jj” (in any font or format), or displays any of the Marks. You agree that your advertising, promotion, and
marketing will be completely clear, factual, and not misleading and conform to both the highest standards of
ethical advertising and marketing and the advertising and marketing policies we prescribe from time to time.
We may require you to participate in market research and testing and product and service development
programs.

         D.      COOPERATIVE ADVERTISING PROGRAMS.

                  (1)     Formation, Membership, and Required Participation. We may identify a regional
         Television Broadcast Designated Market Area (“DMA”), as defined by the Nielsen ratings system or
         another recognized market-analysis system, in which one (1) or more JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
         are located in order to establish a regional cooperative advertising program (“Cooperative Program”)
         for that DMA. The Cooperative Program’s purpose will be to collect funds from its members and to
         plan, discuss, organize, develop, utilize, produce, disseminate, and implement advertising and
         promotional programs and materials on a collective basis (and to cover related expenses) for the sale
         of Menu Items at JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA.

                 If we establish a Cooperative Program in your area, you and the Restaurant must participate
         in, and will automatically become a member of (without further action), the Cooperative Program as
         required below. The members of the Cooperative Program in a DMA will be all of the JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants located in that DMA, including those operated by us and our affiliates.


                                                      28
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
