               information on your other obligations under the Franchise Agreement. We
               periodically may modify the substance of the Confidential Operations to reflect
               changes in Brand Standards and your other operating requirements. (Franchise
               Agreement, Sections 4.A., 4.B., 4.C., and 8)

       5.      Issue and modify Brand Standards for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. We
               periodically may modify Brand Standards, which may accommodate regional or local
               variations, and these modifications may require you to invest additional capital in the
               Restaurant and/or incur higher operating costs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 8)

       6.      Audit and inspect the Restaurant, report on your compliance with the Franchise
               Agreement and all Brand Standards, and communicate with Restaurant managers and
               customers. (Franchise Agreement, Section 11.A.)

       7.      Let you use confidential information. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6)

       8.      Let you use the Marks. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5)

       9.      Periodically offer new training courses. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.A.)

       10.     Maintain and administer a formal Advertising and Development Fund (the “Fund”)
               for advertising, marketing, and public-relations programs and materials, as well as
               other brand-building and protection activities, that we deem appropriate to enhance
               the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.B.)

Site Selection and Lease

You must, within 12 months after the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, secure, by lease or
purchase, an acceptable site for the Restaurant. We have the right to accept or reject the terms of any
lease or sublease for the premises. If you lease the premises, the lease must contain certain terms we
periodically require and you and your landlord must sign our then-current form of Option to Assume
Lease agreement. Our current form of Option to Assume Lease agreement is Exhibit B-5 to this
disclosure document. Once you have obtained possession of an acceptable site, the specific timetable
for opening depends on the site’s condition; the Restaurant’s construction schedule; the extent to
which you must upgrade or remodel an existing location; the delivery schedule for equipment and
supplies; existing market conditions; your completing training; and your complying with local laws
and regulations. You may not open the Restaurant until: (1) you pay the initial franchise fee and other
amounts then due to us and key suppliers; (2) we notify you in writing that the Restaurant meets
JIMMY JOHN’S® standards and specifications; (3) pre-opening training (including required District
Manager training) is completed to our satisfaction; (4) you give us certificates for all required
insurance policies; and (5) we notify you in writing that all other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in
which you, your owners, or your affiliates have an ownership interest are substantially in compliance
with their franchise agreements. Subject to these conditions, you must open the Restaurant (i) within
16 months after the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, or (ii) on or before the date the lease
specifies. However, if we and you signed a Development Agreement that specifies the date by which
the Restaurant must be open, you must open the Restaurant on or before that date, despite anything
to the contrary in this paragraph. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2.F.; Development Agreement,
Sections 2, 3, and 6) We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you fail to meet the obligations
outlined in this paragraph.
                                                53
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
