                                                                                       Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                             DA #: ___________

(2) years from the date on which the violation, act, or conduct giving rise to the claim occurs, regardless of
when the party asserting the claim knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to the claim.

         K.     CONSTRUCTION.

         The Contract Data Schedule, preambles and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which, together
with the Brand Standards and other obligations contained in the Confidential Operations Manual (which may
be periodically modified, as provided in this Agreement), constitutes our and your entire agreement, and
there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between us (or our affiliates) and you, and no
oral or written representations by us (or our affiliates), relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, the
franchise relationship, or the Restaurant (any understandings or agreements reached by you and us (or our
affiliates), or any representations made by us (or our affiliates), before this Agreement are superseded by this
Agreement). You may not rely on any alleged oral or written understandings, agreements, or representations
not contained in this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement is intended to
disclaim our representations in our Franchise Disclosure Document. We may rely on the representations you
made in your franchise application materials and any representations document or similar questionnaire you
and/or your owners signed before signing this Agreement to confirm and acknowledge your understanding of
the risks of entering into this Agreement and the absence of any improper or misleading statements made by
us.

         Any policies we adopt and implement from time to time to guide us in our decision-making are
subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement, and are not binding on us. Except as expressly provided
in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended or deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon
any person or legal entity not a party to this Agreement.

        Except where this Agreement expressly obligates us reasonably to approve or not unreasonably to
withhold our approval of any of your actions or requests, we have the absolute right to refuse any request you
make or to withhold our approval of any of your proposed, initiated, or completed actions that require our
approval. The headings of the sections and paragraphs are for convenience only and do not define, limit, or
construe the contents of these sections or paragraphs.

       The term “affiliate” means any person or entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, under
common control with, or owning or controlling you or us. For purposes of determining affiliation, “control”
means the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies.

         If two or more persons are at any time the owners of the Franchise and the Restaurant, whether as
partners or joint venturers, their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint and several. References to
“owner” mean any person holding a direct or indirect ownership interest (whether of record, beneficial, or
otherwise) or voting rights in you (or a transferee of the franchise rights granted by this Agreement and the
Restaurant or an ownership interest in you), including, without limitation, any person who has a direct or
indirect interest in you (or a transferee), this Agreement, the Franchise, or the Restaurant and any person who
has any other legal or equitable interest, or the power to vest in himself or herself any legal or equitable
interest, in their revenue, profits, rights, or assets.

         You acknowledge and agree that none of our past, present, or future directors, officers, employees,
incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling parties, entities under
common control, ownership, or management, vendors, service providers, agents, attorneys, or representatives
will have any liability for (i) any of our obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement,
(ii) any claim against us based on, in respect of, or by reason of the relationship between you and us, or (iii)
any claim against us based on any of our alleged unlawful acts or omissions.
                                                       56
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
