                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

         otherwise modify the Restaurant as we require to comply with Brand Standards then applicable for
         new JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, or (b) at your option, you secure a substitute premises that we
         accept and you develop those premises according to Brand Standards then applicable for JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants,

you may acquire a successor franchise to operate the Restaurant as a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant for a
term commencing immediately upon the expiration of this Agreement and expiring either (i) ten (10) years
from that date or (ii) on the date on which the term of your right to occupy the Premises (or substitute
premises) (whether under a lease, sublease, or other agreement) expires, whichever occurs first. You agree to
sign the franchise agreement we then use to grant franchises for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants (modified as
necessary to reflect that it is for a successor franchise), which may contain provisions that differ materially
from any and all of those contained in this Agreement (and will grant no further successor franchise rights).
You must pay us a successor franchise fee equal to Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000).

        If you (and each of your owners) are not, both on the date you give us written notice of your election
to acquire a successor franchise and on the date on which the successor franchise term is scheduled to
commence, in full compliance with this Agreement and all Brand Standards, you acknowledge that we need
not grant you a successor franchise, whether or not we had, or chose to exercise, the right to terminate this
Agreement during its term under Subsection 14.B.

         B.      GRANT OF A SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE.

        You agree to give us written notice of your election to acquire a successor franchise no more than
two hundred twenty (220) days and no less than one hundred eighty (180) days before this Agreement
expires. We agree to give you written notice (“Our Notice”), not more than ninety (90) days after we receive
your notice, of our decision:

                 (1)     to grant you a successor franchise;

                 (2)      to grant you a successor franchise on the condition that you correct existing
         deficiencies of the Restaurant or in your operation of the Restaurant; or

                 (3)      not to grant you a successor franchise based on our determination that you and your
         owners have not substantially complied with this Agreement during its term or were not in full
         compliance with this Agreement and all Brand Standards on the date you gave us written notice of
         your election to acquire a successor franchise.

    We will not unreasonably withhold or delay our consent to a successor franchise if the conditions
    specified in this Section 13 have been satisfied. If applicable, Our Notice will:
                 (a)    describe the remodeling, expansion, improvements and/or modifications required to
         bring the Restaurant into compliance with then applicable Brand Standards for new JIMMY
         JOHN’S® Restaurants; and

                 (b)    state the actions you must take to correct operating deficiencies leading to the failure
         to meet Brand Standards and the time period in which you must correct those deficiencies.

If we elect not to grant you a successor franchise, Our Notice will describe the general basis for our decision.
If we elect to grant you a successor franchise, your right to acquire a successor franchise is subject to, and
contingent upon, your full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement through the
date of its expiration, in addition to your compliance with the obligations described in Our Notice.
                                                       41
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
