                                                                                      Restaurant #: ___________
                                                                                            DA #: ___________

         We and you will not waive or impair any right, power, or option this Agreement reserves (including,
without limitation, our right to demand compliance with every term, condition, and covenant or to declare
any breach to be a default and to terminate this Agreement before its term expires) because of any custom or
practice that varies from this Agreement’s terms; our or your failure, refusal, or neglect to exercise any right
under this Agreement or to insist upon the other’s compliance with this Agreement, including, without
limitation, any Brand Standard; our waiver of or failure to exercise any right, power, or option, whether of
the same, similar, or different nature, with other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; the existence of franchise
agreements for other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that contain provisions different from those contained
in this Agreement; or our acceptance of any payments due from you after any breach of this Agreement. No
special or restrictive legend or endorsement on any check or similar item given to us will be a waiver,
compromise, settlement, or accord and satisfaction. We are authorized to remove any legend or endorsement,
which then will have no effect.

         Neither we nor you will be liable for loss or damage or be in breach of this Agreement if our or your
failure to perform our or your obligations results from: (1) compliance with the orders, requests, regulations,
or recommendations of any federal, state, or municipal government; (2) acts of God; (3) fires, strikes,
embargoes, war, acts of terrorism or similar events, or riot; or (4) any other similar event or cause. Any delay
resulting from any of these causes will extend performance accordingly or excuse performance, in whole or
in part, as may be reasonable, except these causes will not excuse payments of amounts owed at the time of
the occurrence or payment of Royalties or Fund and Cooperative contributions due afterward.

         C.     COSTS AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

        If we incur costs and expenses (both internal and external) due to your failure to pay when due
amounts owed to us, to submit when due any reports, information, or supporting records, or otherwise to
comply with this Agreement, you agree to reimburse us for all of the costs and expenses (both internal and
external) that we incur, including, without limitation, reasonable accounting, attorneys’, arbitrators’, and
related fees. Your obligation to reimburse us arises whether or not we begin a formal legal proceeding
against you to enforce this Agreement. If we do begin such a formal legal proceeding against you, the
reimbursement obligation applies to all costs and expenses we incur preparing for, commencing, and
prosecuting the legal proceeding and until the proceeding has come to a complete end (including appeals and
settlements).

         D.     YOU MAY NOT WITHHOLD PAYMENTS DUE TO US.

        You agree that you will not withhold payment of any amounts owed to us or our affiliates on the
grounds of our alleged nonperformance of any of our obligations under this Agreement or for any other
reason, and you specifically waive any right you may have at law or in equity to offset any funds you may
owe us or our affiliates or to fail or refuse to perform any of your obligations under this Agreement.

         E.     RIGHTS OF PARTIES ARE CUMULATIVE.

         Our and your rights under this Agreement are cumulative, and our or your exercise or enforcement of
any right or remedy under this Agreement will not preclude our or your exercise or enforcement of any other
right or remedy that we or you are entitled by law to enforce.

         F.     GOVERNING LAW.

     ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US AND YOU WILL
BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS

                                                      54
2026 Jimmy John’s FDD
Exhibit B – Franchise Agreement
1625469942.2
