Each Multi-Brand Location will offer and sell a range of products authorized to be sold under the
system and Marks, and the franchise system and trademarks of the Other Franchisor(s). The JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) operating from the Multi-Brand Location may require
separate point of sale systems, employees, uniforms, branding, and more for each restaurant.

To operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you (and/or your affiliate)
must (i) enter into a Franchise Agreement and the Multi-Brand Addendum attached to this disclosure
document as Exhibit B-3 (the “Multi-Brand Addendum” or “MBA”) with us for the operation of a
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, and (ii) enter into a franchise and multi-brand addendum for the
applicable Other Restaurant(s) with each applicable Other Franchisor for the operation of the Other
Restaurant (collectively, each an “Other Franchise Agreement”). We will not grant you the right to
operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location unless each applicable Other
Franchisor grants you the right to operate the Other Restaurant and permits that Other Restaurant to
be operated at a Multi-Brand Location. The terms of each Other Franchisor’s franchise offering,
franchise agreement, and related agreements are disclosed in the Other Franchisor’s franchise
disclosure document, which you must obtain from that Other Franchisor.

Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures in this disclosure document apply to JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants that are operated at Multi-Brand Locations.

Market and Competition

Your Restaurant will offer products and services to the general public throughout the year and
compete with other national and regional chains and local restaurants that sell similar products and
services. This market is well developed and very competitive.

Industry-Specific Laws and Regulations

You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations applicable to the operation of
restaurants, such as the following: labor and employment laws and regulations; health, sanitation,
food handling, food preparation, and waste disposal laws and regulations; smoking restrictions; anti-
solicitation practices (including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, CAN-SPAM Act, and the
Telemarketing Sales Rule); and consumer pricing advertising, menu, and point-of-sale disclosures
(such as statements concerning the nutritional and dietary characteristics of the food served at your
business). You must also comply with all other laws, regulations, ordinances, and licensing
requirements that apply generally to all businesses. It is your responsibility to investigate and comply
with all laws, regulations, ordinances, and licensing requirements that may affect your operations,
and to investigate the need for obtaining and maintaining all licenses and permits necessary to open
and operate. We encourage you to make additional inquiries into these laws, regulations, ordinances,
and licensing requirements and to obtain the assistance of legal counsel.

Predecessors, Parents, and Certain Affiliates

Effective October 18, 2019, Inspire Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation whose principal business
address is Three Glenlake Pkwy NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 (“Inspire Brands”), acquired Jimmy
John’s LLC, an indirect parent company of ours. As a result, Inspire Brands became another indirect
parent company of ours.


                                                 3
Jimmy John’s | 2026 FDD
1625469766.4
