 
 
of McDonald’s.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with this Franchise. 
 
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d) of the Franchise Agreement are hereby 
deleted. 
 
Minnesota 
Paragraph 27 continues with, “Nothing in this Franchise or the Franchise Disclosure Document 
shall in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the Franchisee as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by 
the laws of the jurisdiction.” 
 
A new Paragraph 28(h) is inserted (and remaining sub-paragraphs are renamed (i) through (k)) as 
follows: “McDonald’s considers the trademarks, trade names, logo types, service marks, and 
commercial symbols to be valuable property rights and continually protects against infringement 
of these assets.  It protects franchisees against claims of infringement or unfair competition to which 
the franchisees might become subjected because of their authorized use of the trademarks, service 
marks, logo types, or other commercial symbols in the United States.” 
 
Paragraph 28(l) is added as follows: “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, 
McDonald’s will comply with Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 which 
require, except in certain specified cases, that the Franchisee be given ninety (90) days notice of 
termination (with sixty (60) days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of this Franchise; 
and that consent to the transfer of this Franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.” 
 
North Dakota Paragraph 11(b) continues with, “Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are 
generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota.  However, Franchisee and 
McDonald’s agree to enforce these provisions to the extent allowed under law.” 
 
Paragraph 27 continues with, “, except that North Dakota law will govern with respect to claims 
arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.” 
 
Washington 
Paragraph 28(k) is added as follows: “In recognition of the requirements of the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, this Franchise shall be modified as follows: 
 
The State of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180, which might supersede this Franchise in 
Franchisee’s relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this 
Franchise.  There also might be court decisions which supersede this Franchise in Franchisee’s 
relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this Franchise. 
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, to the extent required by the Act, the provisions of the Act, 
Chapter 19.100 RCW, shall prevail. 
 
To the extent required by the Act, a release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee shall not 
include rights under the Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the 
agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel.  Provisions 
such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under 
the Act, rights or remedies under the Act, such as a right to a jury trial, might not be enforceable; 
however, McDonald’s and Franchisee agree to enforce them to the maximum extent the law 
allows.” 
 
 
For California, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South 
Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin, the following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement: 
