 
-24- 
franchisee and McOpCo-owned restaurants contribute to OPNAD and the local funds on the same basis.  Each 
franchisee member of OPNAD pledges the same contribution rate, currently 2.25% of sales, for a designated 
period.  Each local cooperative establishes its own separate contribution rate and time period for its fund.  If you 
join a local cooperative, you contribute at the same rate as each other member of the cooperative with similar 
restaurants or restaurants located in the same general area. 
 
Members of OPNAD elect or designate regional representatives with operating and decision making powers to 
conduct cooperative business.  Local cooperative members participate in cooperative business according to the 
rules and procedures established by each cooperative.  McOpCo companies that operate restaurants are members 
of OPNAD and the local cooperatives.  Neither McDonald’s nor the McOpCo companies can change or dissolve 
OPNAD or the local cooperatives. 
 
The OPNAD fund is independently audited annually and its financial statements are available for review.  The 
local cooperatives generally audit their fund and prepare financial statements, which are available for review; 
however, requirements vary among the cooperatives.  The cooperative advertising and marketing funds are 
intended for uses and allocated in varying percentages designated by each cooperative, including production, 
media placement, and administrative expenses. 
 
We provide the services of certain marketing, legal, and accounting personnel to the OPNAD fund without 
charge.  That fund administers a gift certificate program on behalf of all of its members for the redemption of gift 
certificates sold to customers at McDonald’s restaurants.  Charges for certain other accounting personnel who 
provide services to the fund and the gift certificate program are included in the administrative costs for the 
OPNAD fund.  The gift certificate program is not related to the Gift Card System described in Item 8. 
 
We are not required to spend any amount to advertise or promote your restaurant in any manner.  Since we do not 
administer or maintain an advertising or marketing fund, there are no unexpended advertising fees used by us.  
We do not use advertising or marketing funds in any manner to solicit the sale of McDonald’s franchises. 
 
Computer Systems: 
 
The term “Store Systems” describes the combined hardware and software application suite deployed at the 
restaurant.  The Store Systems are generally used in the restaurant to efficiently and accurately process customer 
orders by integrating production and service systems and to compile information including sales, transactions, 
product mix, and cash control.  The Store Systems also may be used to compile inventory, labor, and timekeeping 
information about the restaurant.  All new restaurants must install the current Store Systems, though usage of some 
functionality available through the Store Systems is optional and up to your discretion. The cost of current Store 
Systems range from $150,000 to $250,000, which includes the POS, Cashless System, indoor and outdoor digital 
menu boards, kiosks, table locators, computer hardware, software, and related equipment.  See Item 6 for software-
related fees. 
 
Enhancements to hardware and software components of Store Systems are made available by McDonald’s and 
McDonald’s-approved suppliers for purchase by you, and you may be required to update or upgrade the Store 
Systems periodically to meet McDonald’s standards.  Normal Store Systems software upgrades based on an 
established enhancement request process are included in your annual maintenance fee as determined by 
McDonald’s.  However, you must pay a one-time fee if the Store Systems change significantly.  You may choose 
from an approved supplier or an approved independent third party for installation, maintenance, repair, and support 
services of Store Systems at varying costs. 
 
One component of Store Systems is the POS platform. McDonald’s requires new restaurants to use the current 
version of the POS platform, Sesame.  The hardware and software for Sesame are purchased through McDonald’s-
approved POS suppliers.  The hardware and software components for Sesame have been integrated into the service 
and production systems of the restaurant. Sesame is the proprietary property of McDonald’s predecessor.   
 
The restaurant’s transaction-level information generated by the POS, including sales, transactions, and product mix 
information, is stored on your server hardware and transmitted to McDonald’s and held on its servers.  McDonald’s 
has independent access to this information and there are no contractual limits on its right to access such information.     
