 
1 
 
EXHIBIT K 
McDONALD’S U.S. NEW TERM POLICY 
 
(Effective January 1, 2025) 
 
As franchisor, McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”) desires to enter into business relationships with 
Owner/Operators who, as McDonald’s determines, consistently meet the National Franchising Standards (the 
“Standards”), comply with their Franchise Agreement, support McDonald’s initiatives and Values, and contribute 
to the overall success of the McDonald’s System.  A McDonald’s franchise is granted for a limited period of time 
with no right to renew or extend.  In addition, in determining whether to enter into a new term franchise, McDonald’s 
will evaluate the available real estate tenure and economic viability of the restaurant and may set conditions on the 
new term franchise, as further explained below. 
 
An Owner/Operator organization’s performance will be assessed throughout the franchise term and, at each Business 
Review, the Field Office will communicate the history of performance and current performance under the Standards. 
 
A new term franchise decision must be made before the franchise term expires.  In the sixteenth calendar year, prior 
to the expiration of the franchise term (year 16 of the standard 20 year franchise term), the Owner/Operator must 
apply for a new term franchise by completing a New Term Request for the restaurant to be considered for a new 
term franchise. Starting with the 2026 New Terms, only one Owner/Operator can hold approved status on the new 
term franchise.  However, spouses may both have approved status if they are currently approved on the restaurant, 
with Field Office approval. 
 
In year 17 of the franchise term, if the organization has consistently met the Standards, the Vice President of the 
respective Field Office is likely to recommend to the New Term Committee that a new term franchise offer be made 
to the Owner/Operator.  If the organization has a history of inconsistently meeting the Standards or, in year 17, is 
not meeting the Standards , the Vice President of the respective Field Office is likely to recommend against offering 
a new term franchise to the New Term Committee.   
 
New term franchise recommendations are submitted by the Operations Officer, with endorsement from the Field 
Vice President of the respective Field Office, for approval from the New Term Committee.  The New Term 
Committee  is comprised of members of U.S. management.  Only the New Term Committee, or its designee, has the 
authority to offer, reconsider an offer or not offer a new term franchise to an Owner/Operator. 
 
If a new term franchise offer is approved, the terms will be outlined in a new term offer letter that will be sent to the 
Owner/Operator. The offer of a new term franchise is conditioned upon the organization continuing to remain in 
compliance with the Standards and their Franchise Agreement for the remainder of the current franchise term and is 
subject to available real estate tenure. If the organization does not meet one or more of the Standards after the time 
of the new term offer but before the end of the current term, the Vice President of the respective Field Office is likely 
to request the New Term Committee to reconsider the offer of a new term franchise.  
 
There may be additional conditions imposed as a part of the new term franchise offer.  Any such conditions will be 
included in the new term offer letter and will vary from case to case, but most frequently relate to reinvestment, 
rebuilds, relocations, real estate issues, or ownership policy issues.  If the Owner/Operator owns or leases additional 
property that McDonald’s determines is essential to the operation of the restaurant business, the new term franchise 
offer will be conditioned upon McDonald’s obtaining a controlling interest, through purchase or option to purchase, in 
the additional property to ensure its availability for the long-term operation of the restaurant.  In some situations, due 
to the availability of real estate, questions about the long-term economic viability of the restaurant location, or other 
considerations, a shorter-term franchise or restaurant closure may be appropriate. 
 
To accept the offer of a new term franchise, the Owner/Operator must sign our then-current form of franchise 
agreement prior to the start of the new term franchise.  The Royalty will remain the same as the previous rate for the 
restaurant.  The initial franchise fee for the new term franchise will be those in effect for similar restaurants at the 
time the new term franchise commences.  The rent for the new term franchise will be calculated in accordance with 
