 
-15- 
 
Co-Investment Criteria and Calculation for New Traditional Restaurants: 
For new restaurants, the following criteria apply:  (a) our real estate tenure at the location is at least 
20 years; (b) the Percentage Rent is over 11.50%; (c) your franchise for the restaurant is 20 years; (d) if 
the restaurant is on property leased by us, we do not pay any percentage rent to our landlord; and (e) 
decision to co-invest must be made before the restaurant opens. 
 
For new restaurants opened on or after January 14, 2026, there are two co-investment options available.  
In both cases, the Percentage Rent starting in the eighth year of the franchise term is compared to a co-
investment floor.  For the first option, the co-investment floor for the calculation (to determine the 
number of Quarters available and maximum rent reduction) is 11.50%.  When you select the actual 
co-investment amount, the corresponding Percentage Rent reduction is applied to the rent structure that 
was established for the restaurant prior to the co-investment decision. For the second option, the co-
investment floor for the calculation is 12.50%, but you are eligible to receive a partial refund of your co-
investment costs if the new restaurant does not achieve the sales volumes projected for the first year of the 
franchise term by the third year of the franchise term. 
 
Co-Investment Criteria and Calculation for Relocated Traditional Restaurants: 
For relocated restaurants, the following criteria apply:  (a) our real estate tenure at the location is at least 
20 years; (b) your franchise for the restaurant is 20 years; and (c) if the restaurant is on property leased by 
us, we do not pay any percentage rent to our landlord. 
 
For relocated restaurants, the co-investment floor (for the calculation to determine the number of Quarters 
available and maximum rent reduction) is the existing restaurant’s stated percentage rent or 11.50%, 
whichever is lower, but not below 8.50%.  When you select the actual co-investment amount, the 
corresponding percentage rent reduction is applied to the rent structure that was established for the 
restaurant prior to the co-investment decision. 
 
Co-Investment Criteria and Calculation for New and Relocated STO and STR Restaurants: 
For new and relocated STO and STR restaurants, the following criteria apply: (a) our real estate tenure at 
the location is at least 10 years; (b) our development costs are more than $640,000; (c) the Percentage 
Rent is over 9.0% for STR and 9.5% for STO; (d) your franchise for the restaurant is 10 years; and (e) if 
the restaurant is on property leased by us, we do not pay any uncapped percentage rent to our landlord.  
 
For new and relocated STO and STR restaurants, the co-investment floor (for the calculation to determine 
the number of Quarters available and maximum rent reduction) is 9.0% for STR and 9.5% for STO.  
When you select the actual co-investment amount, the corresponding percentage rent reduction is applied 
to the rent structure that was established for the restaurant prior to the co-investment decision, but the rent 
may not be reduced below 9.0% for STR and 9.5% for STO. 
 
(5) 
Not payable to us.  While the McOpCo companies are voting members of the local advertising funds and 
OPNAD, they do not have controlling voting power. 
 
(6) 
All Satellite restaurants (other than McDonald’s in Walmart (MIW) restaurants) will have an Annual or 
Monthly Base Rent.  The rent charged is determined on a case-by-case basis by our management.  The 
rent will vary depending on our investment, rent paid to the head landlord, length of term, projected 
profitability, and return on investment.  MIW restaurants will pay Fixed Percentage Rent, which generally 
ranges from 14% to 15½% of Gross Sales, and is based on the actual sales volume for the MIW 
restaurant. 
 
(7) 
The following is the rent structure for STO and STR locations: 
 
