 
2 
 
7. 
On the Effective Date, Assignee assumes Assignor’s obligations listed on the attached 
Exhibit A. 
 
8. 
Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Assignee may not, either voluntarily or 
by operation of law, make or permit: 
 
a) 
any further transfer or assignment of the Franchise; 
b) 
any pledge or encumbrance of the Franchise; or 
c) 
the creation of new or additional interest in the Franchise. 
 
9. 
Assignee represents and warrants that: 
 
a) 
Assignee is the only person with an interest in the Franchise and Assignee’s 
ownership interest is as shown on Exhibit B; and 
b) 
there is no obligation or intention to issue additional interests in the Franchise. 
 
10. 
If Assignor or Assignee breaches any of the conditions, representations, agreements, or 
warranties contained in this Assignment, McDonald’s will be entitled to all relief and remedies available 
by law or in equity, including injunctive relief, and to all relief and remedies granted to McDonald’s by 
the Franchise. 
 
11. 
Assignee is responsible for the Restaurant’s entire real estate tax bill due on the next 
payment date.  Assignee must pay the entire amount due to McDonald’s or, if on direct pay, to the 
appropriate taxing authority upon receipt of the invoice for the real estate tax bill from either McDonald’s 
or the appropriate taxing authority. 
 
12. 
Assignor and Assignee each represents and warrants to McDonald’s that (i) the Agreement 
is the entire agreement between Assignor and Assignee for the acquisition of the Restaurant by Assignee, 
(ii) a complete and true copy of the Agreement has been delivered to McDonald’s, (iii) all of the financial 
terms relating to Assignee’s acquisition of the Restaurant have been disclosed in writing to McDonald’s, 
and (iv) the Agreement and this Assignment have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such 
party, and constitute the enforceable obligations of such party.  Assignor and Assignee each agrees and 
acknowledges that (i) McDonald’s consent to this Assignment is based on its evaluation of such financial 
terms, and (ii) a failure to disclose all financial terms to McDonald’s will constitute a material breach of 
the Franchise pursuant, among other provisions, to paragraph 18(n) of the Franchise, thereby entitling 
McDonald’s to all rights and remedies under the Franchise including, but not limited to, the right to 
terminate the Franchise. 
13. 
If Assignee pays all business creditors, including McDonald’s, on a timely basis, 
Assignor will be automatically discharged from all liability under the Franchise upon the earlier of:  
(i) three years after the Effective Date or (ii) the end of the Franchise term. 
 
14. 
Assignor agrees to pay all liabilities owed to McDonald’s relating to the Restaurant as 
estimated on the attached Exhibit C, including, but not limited to, rent and royalties through the standard 
automatic bank draft process.  Assignor agrees to leave a designated bank account open for sixty (60) 
days past the Effective Date and to ensure that sufficient funds remain in the bank account to satisfy all 
liabilities.  A partial payment of any receivable amount by Assignor to McDonald’s will not relieve the 
parties from the obligation to pay to McDonald’s any and all receivables in full and McDonald’s 
acceptance of any monies from Assignor will not waive Assignor’s obligation to make full payment or 
waive any rights of McDonald’s.  McDonald’s consent to this Assignment is expressly conditioned on 
McDonald’s receipt from Assignor of all receivables owed to McDonald’s. 
 
15. 
Assignor represents and warrants that neither Assignor, nor any member of the 
immediate family of Assignor, and to the best knowledge of Assignor, any other member of Assignor’s 
family: 
 
