 
2 
OPERATOR ASSISTANCE PROGRAM AGREEMENT 
 
This Operator Assistance Program Agreement (the “Agreement”), entered into the year and date 
indicated below, is between McDonald’s USA, LLC and Borrower Name (“Operator”), and the legal 
entities listed on the signature block of this Agreement (collectively with Operator the “Franchisee”), in 
reference to the Loan (as hereinafter defined) made by Bank of America, NA, its subsidiaries or affiliates 
(“Lender”) to Franchisee. 
 
AGREEMENTS 
 
1. 
Promissory Note. The Lender has concurrently made a loan (the “Loan”) to the Franchisee, 
pursuant to a Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization (collectively, the “Note”).  
Franchisee understands that McDonald’s Corporation has executed a guaranty as described in Section 2 
below (the “Guaranty”). This Agreement will be effective and enforceable between the parties on the later 
of (i) the date of last execution of this Agreement, or (ii) the Effective Date of the Note. 
 
2. 
McDonald’s Obligations. Pursuant to the terms of the Guaranty, McDonald’s Corporation 
(together with McDonald’s USA, LLC, “McDonald’s”) has guaranteed to the Lender the payment and 
performance obligations of Franchisee under the Note. 
  
3. 
Reimbursement.  Franchisee shall reimburse McDonald’s for any amounts paid by McDonald’s 
to Lender pursuant to the Guaranty (such reimbursement amounts owed by Franchisee to McDonald’s being 
the “OAP Amounts”).  Franchisee shall make payment to McDonald’s of the OAP Amounts within thirty 
(30) days of McDonald’s making any such payment to Lender.  Franchisee hereby waives presentment, 
demand, protest, notice of protest and dishonor.    
 
4. 
Notice.  Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered in 
person or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid.  Notice to Franchisee and McDonald’s shall 
be addressed as set forth in the Franchise, with a copy to Lender at: Bank of America, 100 Federal St., 
Boston, MA 02360, Mail Code: MA5 100-09-04. 
 
5. 
Assignment. This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Franchisee and 
McDonald’s and their respective legal representatives, assigns and successors; however, Franchisee shall 
have no right to assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of McDonald’s. 
 
6. 
Severability.  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any provision of this 
Agreement shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable such determination 
shall not affect the validity of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
7. 
Waiver.  McDonald’s failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this 
Agreement shall not preclude its exercise of any other or further right, power or privilege under this 
Agreement.  McDonald’s waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default under this Agreement shall 
neither constitute a waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default, nor shall it constitute a waiver of any 
future default of the same or of any other term of this Agreement.  All rights and remedies in this Agreement 
are cumulative and not exclusive of any other legal rights or remedies.  No alleged waiver of Franchisee's 
breach of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by a duly 
authorized representative of McDonald’s. 
 
8. 
Release.  Franchisee fully, irrevocably and absolutely releases and forever discharges McDonald’s 
from any and all claims, demands, suits, damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action or obligations of 
every kind, character or nature whatsoever, in law or in equity, known or unknown, suspected or 
unsuspected, fixed or contingent, pending or not pending, liquidated or unliquidated, that arose out of any 
