 
-18- 
 
(9) 
Cost varies due to distances from Field Offices and headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, and costs of living 
in various areas of the country. 
 
(10) 
You may or may not need capital to support ongoing expenses, such as employee wages, utilities, payroll 
taxes, legal and accounting fees, travel, advertising, promotion, outside services, linen, operating supplies, 
small equipment, maintenance and repair, office supplies, cash shortages, insurance, debt service, and 
non-product purchases, as well as additional opening capital for other variable costs.  These figures are 
estimates and McDonald’s cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the 
business.  Your costs will depend on factors such as how well you follow McDonald’s methods and 
procedures; the sales volume of your restaurant; your management skill, experience, and business 
acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for our product; the prevailing wage rate; 
competition; your rent structure; and whether your restaurant is an STO, STR, or a Satellite location.  
Restaurants opening in cold weather months may be more likely to need capital in the initial 3-month 
period because restaurant sales are typically lower. 
 
(11) 
We have relied on the combined 70 years of restaurant business experience that we and our predecessor 
have to compile these estimates.  You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before 
making any decision to purchase the franchise.  These figures do not include percentage rent or royalty.  
We have offered and continue to offer for sale restaurants owned by McOpCo companies.  Of the 31 sales 
of McOpCo transactions in 2024, 9 of them exceeded the high end of the initial investment range, 
including by $65,593, $168,053, $388,069, $532,141, $582,364, $1,373,068, $1,459,004, $1,559,604 and 
$2,035,816, respectively. 
 
Item 8 
Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services 
 
Except as noted below, McDonald’s does not require that you purchase or lease goods, services, supplies, 
fixtures, equipment, inventory, or computer hardware and software from McDonald’s or our designees in the 
establishment or operation of your McDonald’s restaurant business.  As described below, we require that these 
items and sources of supply meet the specifications, requirements, and standards that McDonald’s has, in its sole 
business judgment, formulated for use in the McDonald’s System.  Except when an ongoing restaurant business is 
sold, or except as otherwise noted, neither McDonald’s nor any affiliate sells fixtures, equipment, food, or 
supplies to our franchisees; and none of our officers own any interest in any of our approved suppliers.  
McDonald’s may negotiate with approved suppliers in an effort to seek favorable offers for the benefit of the 
McDonald’s System (including offers on price and other purchasing terms).  However, our franchisees are free to 
negotiate their own purchasing terms with approved suppliers at any time.  In certain instances, if you participate 
in programs involving the test or early implementation of new products, equipment, software, or other items, we 
may install these items in your restaurant at our cost.  If these products, equipment, software, or other items are 
ultimately approved for use in your restaurant, you may be required to reimburse us for the items and related 
costs.  These obligations will be specified in the test or early implementation letter signed by you and 
McDonald’s. 
 
McDonald’s strives for the maintenance of quality and uniformity throughout the McDonald’s System 
by identifying standards for the purchasing, distribution, preparation, and service of goods, services, supplies, 
fixtures, equipment, inventory, and computer hardware and software.  We consider the specifications, 
requirements, and/or standards for food, equipment, information technology, purchasing, distribution, 
preparation, marketing, PR and brand reputation, and service to be of critical importance to the success of the 
McDonald’s System, and therefore require that you deal only with suppliers and agencies that have been 
approved by us.  If you desire to use a particular supplier not already approved by McDonald’s and if that 
supplier meets the specifications and requirements of the McDonald’s System, then that supplier may, under 
conditions described below, become an approved supplier for your specific restaurant.  Costs associated with 
gaining approval status may be your responsibility and/or the supplier’s where existing suppliers are capable of 
providing an existing product.  Detailed food product specifications are not generally issued to franchisees, but 
may be made available upon your request to us and upon your agreeing to maintain certain confidentiality 
