 
-30- 
involving such Marks the outcome of which is relevant to their use in the state in which your restaurant is to be 
located. 
 
Other than our license with Restaurant Brands, there currently are no agreements that significantly limit 
our rights to use or license the use of the Marks in the U.S. in a manner material to the franchise.  You must 
follow our rules when you use the Marks.  You cannot use our name or any Mark as part of the name of your 
operating company, or with any modifying words, designs, or symbols (except those we approve). 
 
There is no obligation under the Franchise Agreement to notify us of any use by others of names or marks 
which are identical or confusingly or deceptively similar to any of the Marks.  While there is no obligation under 
the Franchise Agreement to take affirmative action, we consider the Marks to be a valuable property right and we 
continually work, in cooperation with our affiliates, to protect the Marks against infringement by others and to 
protect your right to use the Marks.  Restaurant Brands or our predecessor has the right to control administrative 
proceedings or litigation involving the Marks.  To our knowledge there currently are no superior prior rights or 
infringing uses of the Marks that would materially affect your use of the Marks in the operation of your 
restaurant. 
 
We have no obligation under the Franchise Agreement to protect you against, participate in your defense 
of, or to reimburse you for, any damages which you are held liable for in any proceeding arising out of your use 
of the Marks.  We may at any time require you to limit and/or modify your use of the Marks.  In this event, we are 
not obligated under the Franchise Agreement to reimburse you for the cost incurred due to the modification or 
discontinuance of use of the Marks. 
 
Item 14 
Patents, Copyrights, and Proprietary Information 
 
No patents are required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
We or our predecessor claim copyrights in the O&T Manual and various menus, advertising and 
marketing materials, and similar items used in operating your restaurant.  These copyrighted materials have not 
been registered with the U.S. Registrar of Copyrights, and do not need to be registered at this time.  Currently 
there are no decisions of the U.S. Copyright Office (Library of Congress), and no pending infringement 
proceedings or material litigation involving the copyrighted works that could affect your use of them.  Any 
copyrighted works that we do not own are licensed to us by our predecessor.  This license may be terminated only 
by agreement, if we become the subject of any insolvency proceedings, or if we breach the terms of our license 
agreement with our predecessor.  Other than our license with our predecessor, there currently are no agreements 
that significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of the copyrighted works in the U.S. 
 
You have no obligation under the Franchise Agreement to notify us of any apparent infringement of or 
challenge to your use of any copyrighted works, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any copyrighted works.  
Although there is no obligation under the Franchise Agreement for us to take affirmative action, we consider the 
copyrighted works to be valuable property and we continually work, in cooperation with our predecessor, to 
protect against infringement by others and to protect your rights of use.  Our predecessor has the right to control 
all litigation involving the copyrighted works it licenses to us, including the O&T Manual.  We have no obligation 
under the Franchise Agreement to protect you against, participate in your defense of, or to reimburse you for, any 
damages that you are held liable for in any proceeding arising out of your use of any copyrighted works. 
 
We may modify or discontinue using any copyrighted works, and/or use additional or substitute 
copyrighted works, and you must comply with our directions for any modification or discontinuance after 
receiving notice from us.  We are not obligated under the Franchise Agreement to reimburse you for any costs 
incurred due to any modification or discontinuance of any copyrighted works. 
 
McDonald’s O&T Manual and other materials in the McDonald’s System contain trade secrets and 
confidential and proprietary information.  This information includes, but is not limited to:  methods, formats, 
specifications, standards, systems, procedures, sales and marketing techniques, knowledge and experience used in 
developing and operating McDonald’s restaurants; real estate and development plans; marketing plans, research, 
