 
-10- 
 
Collection or Related Actions Filed in 2024 Against Franchisees 
 
McDonald’s Corporation v. Rusi Pestonjee (Case No. CHC 07/2024 IP), filed on March 21, 2024 in the 
Commercial High Court in Colombo, Sri Lanka. 
 
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
Item 4 
Bankruptcy 
 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
Item 5 
Initial Fees 
 
All franchisees pay a $45,000 lump sum initial franchise fee on the opening of the restaurant, except for:  
(a) the McOpCo companies, which do not pay any initial franchise fee; (b) franchisees of locations having 
10 years or less of real estate tenure will pay a prorated initial franchise fee based on the term of the franchise; 
(c) in situations where we and a franchisee mutually agree on a term of 10 years or less, after considering such 
factors as the restaurant location and its business potential, franchisees will pay a prorated initial franchise fee 
based on the term of the franchise; (d) franchisees who rebuild or relocate their restaurants will pay the initial 
franchise fee less a credit for a portion of the previously paid initial franchise fee, on the earlier of the first of the 
month after the seventh year after the opening of the rebuilt or relocated restaurant, or the end of the previous 
franchise term (see Item 7, note 1); (e) franchisees of Satellite locations, who are required to pay a $500 initial 
franchise fee upon opening of the Satellite (except franchisees of Walmart locations, who pay no initial franchise 
fee) and an annual fee (see Item 6); (f) franchisees of STO and STR locations pay a $22,500 lump sum initial 
franchise fee; and (g) franchisees who have an option to purchase assets under a BFL pay the $45,000 initial 
franchise fee when they exercise the option.  The entire initial franchise fee will be refunded if the restaurant 
construction is not completed within 1 year of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed.  There are no refunds 
under other circumstances. 
 
Item 6 
Other Fees 
 
OTHER FEES 
 
Type of fee 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Royalty (1) 
5% or 4% of Gross 
Sales, depending on 
the circumstances (2) 
Payable monthly on the 
10th day of the next month. 
“Gross Sales” include all revenues 
from your sales based upon all 
business conducted at or from the 
restaurant, but exclude sales or use 
tax. 
Rent (1) 
Varies (3)(4) 
Base Rent: 
 Payable on the 1st day of 
the month. 
 
Pass Thru Rent, if applicable: 
 Payable on the 1st day of 
the month. 
 
Percentage Rent: 
 Payable monthly on the 
10th day of the next month. 
 
 
 
 
Where we lease the land and/or 
building, we will pass thru any rent 
escalations which occur throughout 
the lease term as pass thru rent. 
