 
2 
2.02 Term:  The term of this Lease will be as indicated in Article 1.01, subject, however, to 
any rights set forth in this Lease for the earlier termination of the Lease term.  At the request of 
either party, a supplement establishing the beginning and ending dates of this Lease shall be 
executed.  Landlord may establish the beginning date by notifying the Tenant in writing of the date 
it recognizes as the beginning date of the term. 
 
2.03 Quiet Enjoyment:  Landlord promises that Tenant, upon paying the rent and all other 
charges provided for in this Lease, and upon observing and keeping all Tenant’s obligations, will 
lawfully and quietly hold, occupy and enjoy the Premises during the term of this Lease, without 
hindrance or interference by anyone claiming by, through or under Landlord, subject to the terms 
of this Lease and any mortgage or encumbrance now or hereafter placed on the Premises by 
Landlord. 
 
2.04 Use of Premises:  Tenant will use and occupy the Premises solely for a McDonald’s 
Restaurant selling only such products and operating in a manner that may be designated by 
McDonald’s USA, LLC.  Tenant agrees to continuously occupy the Premises during the term of 
this Lease and agrees not to vacate them.  A breach of this provision will be deemed to be 
substantial.  If Tenant vacates the Premises during the term of this Lease, Landlord will have the 
right, in addition to its other rights and remedies, to enter the Premises for the purpose of 
continuing the operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant; and, if Landlord so elects, Landlord shall 
be entitled to all profits, if any, from the operation of the restaurant.  Tenant further agrees to 
conduct its restaurant business in a manner that will maximize Gross Sales.  Tenant agrees to 
purchase, install and maintain, all at its own expense, signs and trade fixtures and equipment in 
accordance with the plans, specifications and layouts of McDonald’s USA, LLC, or any of its 
subsidiaries, unless these items have been furnished by Landlord. 
 
2.05 Rule Against Perpetuities:  If the term of this Lease or the accrual of rent have not 
commenced within one (1) year from date of execution of this Lease, this Lease will become null 
and void and of no further force and effect.  The sole remedy of Tenant in such case is the return 
of any monies paid to Landlord in anticipation of this Lease. 
 
2.06 Construction and Delivery of Building and Other Improvements:  Landlord will 
construct or have others construct or remodel or otherwise prepare the Premises for a McDonald’s 
Restaurant in accordance with the then current plans and specifications of McDonald’s USA, LLC.  
The Premises will be delivered to Tenant when they are sufficiently completed to allow Tenant to 
install, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, the signs, trade fixtures, equipment and other personal 
property and improvements necessary to complete the Premises for the operation of a 
McDonald’s Restaurant, unless otherwise provided in Article 1.03.  Tenant will promptly and 
diligently perform its work in accordance with the plans and specifications previously submitted 
by or to Tenant and approved by Landlord and in compliance with all applicable federal, state and 
local statutes, codes and regulations.  Tenant will do all that is reasonably necessary to promptly 
open the restaurant as soon as possible after delivery of the Premises to the Tenant. 
 
2.07 Acceptance of Premises:  By taking possession of the Premises, Tenant 
acknowledges that Tenant has inspected the Premises and the improvements thereon and found 
them to be in a safe, satisfactory, and completed condition, ready for occupancy and the 
installation of trade fixtures, equipment and signage.  All warranties as to the condition of the 
Premises or its fitness for use, either expressed or implied, are expressly waived by Tenant.  
Tenant may, however, receive certain warranties and guarantees, by separate agreement, from 
McDonald’s USA, LLC or one of its subsidiaries; but those warranties will be personal covenants, 
only, and will not be binding upon the successors and assigns of Landlord. 
