 
-20- 
McDonald’s requires new restaurants to use a standard POS platform, Sesame.  The computer hardware 
for Sesame is purchased through our approved POS suppliers.  The Sesame computer software is owned and 
maintained by our predecessor.  Included in the payments you make for the Sesame computer software is a one-
time license fee and a payment for the Sesame software maintenance for the first year, both of which are paid to 
us and which we will pay to our predecessor.  After the first year, you are billed by McDonald’s for an annual 
maintenance fee that is paid to our predecessor for providing periodic updates and enhancements to the Sesame 
software (see Item 6). 
 
McDonald’s allows franchisees to offer customers the ability to make purchases with certain credit and 
debit cards, using a specified Cashless 3.0 System (the “Cashless System”).  All franchisees participate in this 
program.  The Cashless System is designed to work with the POS platform.  The Cashless System must be 
installed and linked to your POS system by installers that we approve.  In addition, your restaurant must have 
required hardware and software purchased from and installed by our designated suppliers.  Finally, you must sign 
an agreement with our designated transaction processors and pay the processors certain transaction processing 
fees.  We also recommend that your restaurant have McDonald’s approved high-speed internet access.  If you 
elect to participate, the detailed terms will be provided to you. 
 
McDonald’s allows franchisees to offer customers the ability to buy and make purchases with gift cards, 
using a specified system (the “Gift Card System”).  The Gift Card System is designed to work with the POS 
platform and the Cashless System.  The Gift Card System is provided and managed by P2W, Inc. NFP (“P2W”), 
an independent non-profit corporation.  P2W is not our affiliate, but is managed by a board of directors that 
includes our employees and franchisees.  If you elect to use the Gift Card System, your restaurant must have the 
Cashless System and use designated equipment that is purchased from designated suppliers.  In addition, you 
must sign a subscription agreement with P2W, purchase training materials, and sign a contract with the 
transaction processor designated by P2W, under which you will be required to pay the processor certain 
transaction processing fees.  Currently, P2W pays for the production costs of the gift cards and certain other 
expenses.  If you elect to participate, the detailed terms will be provided to you.  The Gift Card System is not 
related to the gift certificate program described in Item 11. 
 
In connection with implementing the Cashless and the Gift Card systems, we may negotiate and enter into 
agreements with suppliers, installers, and transaction processing companies under which we may receive certain 
payments.  We may use these payments to help support future technological innovation.  For convenience, these 
uses may be referred to internally as “technology funds.”  However, we do not operate any actual legally 
segregated, dedicated, trust, or restricted-use funds for technology development.  With respect to the Gift Card 
System, we may also provide certain administrative services (such as accounting services) to P2W at our actual 
cost.  We do not derive any revenue from this arrangement. 
 
In 2024, we and our predecessor received $39,008,767 in loan guarantee service fees, cashless incentives, 
and beverage supplier rebates. 
 
In 2024, our total revenue was about $10.63 billion and revenue from the sale or lease of real estate and 
services to franchisees was about $7.21 billion.  This represents 68% of our total revenue.  These figures were 
derived from our audited financial statements and other financial information.  All of your required purchases 
(which includes items which must be purchased from us or our approved suppliers and items which must be 
purchased in accordance with specifications) represent approximately 90% to 95% of your total purchases in 
connection with the establishment of the restaurant and approximately 55% to 65% of your overall purchases in 
operating the restaurant. 
 
Occasionally, we may incur additional costs and expenses to develop or improve certain products or 
services for the benefit of the McDonald’s System (including but not limited to, goods, equipment, computer 
hardware and software, and support services), which ultimately may be provided to McDonald’s restaurants by 
approved suppliers.  We may seek to recover all or a portion of these additional costs and expenses from our 
franchisees and/or the approved suppliers.  If that recovery is obtained from the approved suppliers, it may be 
reflected in the prices they quote for these products or services. 
 
See Item 10 for disclosure on financing fees that may be received by McDonald’s. 
