 
-8- 
Dieter Abt, et al. v. McDonald’s Corp., McDonald’s USA, LLC, The Marketing Store Worldwide, LLC, et al. 
(Case No. BC 552072).  On July 18, 2014, the plaintiffs filed a complaint in California state court against us, our 
predecessor, The Marketing Store Worldwide, LLC  and others, alleging the defendants used the plaintiffs’ 
money and intellectual property to fund and further develop the McDonald’s Channel, an in-store controlled 
television and media test, and made false representations that they intended to continue working with plaintiffs to 
implement the McDonald’s Channel after McDonald’s purportedly knew that it had no intention of doing 
so.  Plaintiffs amended their initial complaint four times since the commencement of the case in July 2014, and 
their fourth amended complaint, filed in November 2015, alleged eight counts against our predecessor and us for 
fraud, negligent misrepresentation, promissory fraud, fraudulent concealment and unjust enrichment. Plaintiffs 
sought actual and punitive damages and costs.  In March 2019, the defendants settled this case with plaintiffs by 
agreeing to pay $150,000 in exchange for a release of all claims. 
 
Tavarua Restaurants, Inc. et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC (Case No. 19-CV-0021-MMA-NLS).  On January 4, 
2019, the plaintiffs, the estate of a recently deceased franchisee and that franchisee’s operating companies, filed a 
complaint in the U.S. District Court, Southern District of California against us.  The complaint alleges that we 
improperly exercised a right of first refusal seeking to purchase the franchisee’s restaurant franchises and violated 
California’s franchise relations law.  The complaint seeks an order declaring that we did not properly exercise our 
right of first refusal and to enjoin us from stopping a transaction for the sale of the restaurant franchises between 
the estate and another franchisee.  We have filed an answer and counterclaims as well as a motion seeking 
declaratory judgment that we validly exercised our right of first refusal.  On August 16, 2019, the Court ruled that 
we validly exercised our first option to purchase only the restaurant franchises.  Following the ruling, the parties 
entered into a settlement agreement and mutual release that provided for the sale of the eight franchises to us for 
$15.6M.   
 
AA&S Food Service Corp., et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation, McDonald’s Systems de Puerto Rico, Inc., Golden 
Arch Development Corporation, Inc., et al. (Case No. KAC07-0725 (603)).  On January 29, 2007, the plaintiffs, 
franchisees of various McDonald’s restaurants in Puerto Rico, filed a complaint against our predecessor, its 
Puerto Rican companies, and others in the Puerto Rico Court of First Instance, San Juan, Puerto Rico.  In 2008, 
plaintiffs amended their complaint seeking a determination that the Puerto Rico franchise distribution law 
(Law 75) governs the franchise agreements and relationships between the parties and that the defendants have 
violated the provisions of Law 75, an injunction prohibiting the defendants from denying rewrites except for just 
cause and from opening new McDonald’s restaurants or kiosks within 3 miles of plaintiffs’ restaurants, damages 
of up to $66,725,000, attorney’s fees, and costs.  The defendants agreed to settle this matter by paying 
$15,780,655.92 for plaintiffs’ remaining twenty-three franchises and attorneys’ fees, and the parties exchanged 
mutual releases. 
 
José Quijano and JCQ Foods, Inc. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, McDonald’s Systems de Puerto Rico, Inc. h/n/c 
Arcos Dorados Puerto Rico, Inc., Golden Arch Development Corporation, Inc., et al. (Case No. CAC 402-2014-
3456).  On November 20, 2014, the owner of 14 McDonald’s restaurants in Puerto Rico and his operating entity, 
filed a complaint against us, our predecessor’s Puerto Rican companies, Arcos Dorados Puerto Rico LLC, and 
others in the Puerto Rico Court of First Instance, Arecibo, Puerto Rico, claiming that the defendants’ conduct 
resulted in serious economic damage to the plaintiffs.  The plaintiffs sought injunctive relief, monetary damages, 
and a declaration that defendants’ alleged actions breached their obligations under the plaintiffs’ franchise 
agreements, constitute a violation of the Puerto Rico franchise distribution law (Law 75), caused damages and 
losses for non-fulfillment of contract and unfair competition, and constitute fault and negligence and willful intent 
under the Civil Code of Puerto Rico.  The defendants agreed to settle this matter by paying $6,319,344.08 for 
plaintiffs’ remaining ten franchises and attorneys’ fees, and the parties exchanged mutual releases. 
 
Antonio Bramante v. Les Restaurants McDonald du Canada Limitée (Case No. 500-06-000824-165).  On 
November 15, 2016, the plaintiff, as a representative for a class, filed an application in the Superior Court, 
Province of Québec against our affiliate alleging it breached the Québec Consumer Protection Act in its display of 
toys as part of the Happy Meal program.  Our affiliate agreed to settle this matter by paying $1,440,000 CAD to 
various charities and for attorneys’ fees and costs and implementing certain practice changes in exchange for a 
general release and dismissal of all claims by plaintiff. 
 
