 
8 
4.07 Franchise Agreement:  Tenant will comply with and perform all covenants contained 
in the Franchise Agreement.  Tenant’s breach of any of the terms and covenants of the Franchise 
Agreement will also constitute a breach of this Lease.  Termination, expiration, default or 
revocation of the Franchise Agreement for any reason, either in whole or in part, will also terminate 
this Lease, without further notice being required. 
 
ARTICLE 5  FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT 
 
5.01 Fixtures:  All buildings and improvements and all plumbing, heating, lighting, electrical 
and air conditioning fixtures and equipment and all other articles of property which, at the date 
Tenant takes possession of the Premises, are the property of Landlord or of the fee owner of the 
Premises are and will remain a part of the real estate and be considered to be leased in this 
Lease.  Any additions, alterations or remodeling of improvements made to the Premises will 
immediately become the property of Landlord and will not be removed by Tenant at the 
termination of this Lease by lapse of time or otherwise. 
 
5.02 Removal of Tenant’s Property:  At or prior to the termination of this Lease, whether by 
lapse of time or otherwise, Tenant will, subject to any rights of Landlord under the Franchise 
Agreement, remove all of its personal property and trade fixtures from the Premises and will repair 
any damage to the Premises which may have been caused by such removal. 
 
ARTICLE 6  INSURANCE AND DAMAGE TO PROPERTY 
 
6.01 Liability Insurance:  Tenant will pay for and maintain during the entire term of this 
Lease the following insurance: 
 
A. 
Worker’s Compensation Insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Premises 
are located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $100,000/$500,000/$100,000 minimum limit.  
If the state in which the Premises are located allows the option of carrying no Worker’s 
Compensation, and Tenant chooses to exercise that option, Tenant shall nonetheless carry and 
maintain other insurance with coverage and limits as approved by the Landlord. 
 
B. 
Commercial General Liability Insurance in a form approved by Landlord, on an 
occurrence basis, with limits as described in Article 1.04. 
 
C. 
Fire Legal Liability Insurance with minimum limits of $500,000 per occurrence. 
 
6.02 Rental Insurance:  Tenant will maintain and keep in force rental insurance in an amount 
equal to not less than the total of one (1) year’s Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, as 
specified in Article 1.02 of this Lease. 
 
6.03 Property Insurance:  Tenant will maintain and keep in force, all risk insurance, including 
flood, earthquake and earth movement coverage, upon the Premises, fixtures, operational 
equipment, signs, furnishings, decor, plate glass and supplies, in a full replacement cost form 
obligating the insurer to pay the full cost of repair or replacement.  It is intended that neither 
Landlord nor Tenant will be a co-insurer, and to that end, if the insurance proceeds are not 
adequate to rebuild the building or other improvements located on the Premises, Tenant will be 
obligated for the difference between the proceeds obtained and the actual cost of the restoration 
of the Premises, fixtures, operational equipment, signs, furnishings, decor, plate glass and 
supplies. 
 
