 
-25- 
 
Another component of the Store Systems is the Cashless System, which is used to accept credit and debit card 
purchases by customers.  You must purchase the Cashless System hardware and software that McDonald’s specifies 
(including card readers, cables, and related hardware) from its designated supplier.  The required hardware and 
software, which is not proprietary to McDonald’s or any affiliate, has been used continuously in McDonald’s 
restaurants since June 2003.  You must also sign an agreement with McDonald’s designated transaction processors 
(see Item 8), and McDonald’s recommends that the restaurant has McDonald’s approved high-speed internet access.  
The Cashless System that is compatible with the current Store Systems is Cashless 3.0. McDonald’s charges an 
annual fee for maintenance and hosting of cashless transaction data (see Item 6).  Your POS system and the 
transaction processor will collect your cashless transaction information. McDonald’s has independent access to 
aggregated transaction-level information, along with information on the number and dollar amount of specific 
cashless transactions. 
 
The Gift Card System, which is a component of the Cashless System, is used to offer customers the ability to buy 
and make purchases with gift cards.  To use the Gift Card System, you must sign a subscription agreement with 
P2W, Inc., which manages the system (see Item 8), and purchase specified hardware (including card readers, cables, 
and related hardware) from a designated supplier.  This hardware, which is not proprietary to McDonald’s or any 
affiliate, has been used continuously in McDonald’s restaurants since June 2004.  You also must sign an agreement 
with a designated transaction processor (see Item 8).  No other hardware or suppliers are currently approved for the 
Gift Card System.  Your POS system, the transaction processor, and P2W will collect your Gift Card System 
transaction information.  McDonald’s has independent access to aggregated transaction-level information, along 
with information on the number and dollar amount of specific gift card transactions. 
 
With both the Cashless and Gift Card systems, you may need to upgrade or update your hardware or software 
during the term of your franchise.  There are no contractual limitations on the frequency or cost of these upgrades 
or updates. 
 
Finally, pursuant to the franchise agreement, you must provide McDonald’s with monthly statements of all receipts 
from the restaurant operation and additional financial, operating, and other information on forms and in the manner 
McDonald’s reasonably requests.  To that end, you must submit electronically each month your financial statements, 
including your consolidated balance sheet, consolidated general and administrative expense statement, consolidated 
debt summary, and individual restaurant profit and loss statement(s), using McDonald’s web-based Franchisee 
Financial System (FFS).  
 
Site Selection: 
 
We select the site for location of the restaurant premises and negotiate the location’s purchase or lease.  You do 
not select or approve restaurant sites.  You will not sign a Franchise Agreement unless we have already selected 
the site. 
 
We utilize our judgment and experience in selecting locations for McDonald’s restaurants based upon population 
density, traffic patterns, market statistics, proximity of shopping centers, schools, competition, accessibility of 
utility and public services, costs of purchasing or leasing the site, assessment of future demographic 
developments, our interest in developing an effective marketing network that will be convenient to consumers, 
and other factors.  Site locations are called to our attention through independent canvassing of highways and 
urban, suburban, small town, and other neighborhoods. 
 
Restaurant Opening: 
 
In the normal course of business, the Franchise Agreement is submitted to you for execution approximately 
30 days before the restaurant is opened for business.  During this period, you are receiving shipments of restaurant 
equipment.  The initial franchise fee, if applicable, is payable on the opening of the restaurant.  No monthly fees 
accrue until the restaurant opens for business.  See Items 5 and 6. 
 
The restaurant opening may occasionally be delayed by weather conditions, delayed delivery, or installation of 
equipment, fixtures and signs, labor disputes, governmental regulation, or other causes beyond our reasonable 
