 
2 
statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, and (iii) shall not be entitled to unemployment 
compensation benefits from McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof in the event this Agreement terminates or 
for any other reason, or workers’ compensation benefits in the event Candidate is injured in any manner 
while participating in the Training Program, even if Candidate is determined to be a common law or 
statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, or for any other reason. 
Alternate Paragraph 4 for Company Employee: 
 
4. 
Candidate is an existing employee or agent of McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or 
affiliate of McDonald’s in a position outside of the Training Program.  Candidate is not entitled to and will 
not separately receive any compensation including, without limitation, salary, wages, or employee benefits 
for Candidate’s participation in the Training Program, and Candidate is not acting within his or her capacity 
as an employee while participating in the Training Program. Candidate waives any and all rights to 
damages, the reimbursement of expenses or costs, as well as the payment of any compensation related 
directly or indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program.  Specifically, Candidate 
expressly acknowledges that for purposes of the Training Program, Candidate (i) is not an employee of 
McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof, (ii) shall not be eligible to participate in any of McDonald’s employee 
benefit programs, including but not limited to, any bonus, pension, profit sharing, stock option, 401(k), 
health, sickness, dental, accident, life, disability, retirement, severance, vacation and other paid time off, 
tuition benefits, deferred compensation, or insurance which McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof may 
maintain for the benefit of any of their respective employees, even if Candidate is determined to be a 
common law or statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, and (iii) shall not be entitled to 
unemployment compensation benefits from McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof in the event this 
Agreement terminates or for any other reason, or workers’ compensation benefits in the event Candidate is 
injured in any manner while participating in the Training Program, even if Candidate is determined to be a 
common law or statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, or for any other reason.  
Candidate’s existing employment with McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of McDonald’s will 
terminate no later than the date on which the Candidate enters into a binding contract for a franchise 
opportunity. 
 
5. 
Candidate acknowledges that he or she assumes a great burden by quitting his or her job 
or selling his or her business before a franchise is formally offered, if ever, by McDonald’s and accepted 
by Candidate pursuant to the Preliminary Agreement.  Candidate understands that he or she cannot rely on 
McDonald’s to offer him or her a franchise merely because he or she is participating in, or has completed, 
the Training Program.   
6. 
If Candidate is a full-time trainee in the Training Program, (i) Candidate has the right, at 
any time, to switch to training on a part-time basis within the Training Program, and (ii) McDonald’s has 
the right, at any time, to switch Candidate to training on a part-time basis within the Training Program. 
7. 
Candidate’s participation in the Training Program may be terminated in full by either the 
Candidate or McDonald’s at any time, with or without cause.  In such an event, this Agreement and the 
Preliminary Agreement shall be deemed terminated.    
8. 
This Agreement will automatically terminate if the Preliminary Agreement has been 
terminated.  If this Agreement is terminated, the Preliminary Agreement will automatically terminate.    
9. 
The term “Confidential Information” shall mean all information (whether or not 
specifically labeled or identified as confidential), in any form or medium (whether in oral, written, 
electronic, graphic or other form), that is disclosed to, or developed or learned by, or that becomes known 
to, Candidate (i) in connection with Training Program performed hereunder (including without limitation 
any training or operating manuals) and/or (ii) that relates to the business, operations, products, services, 
