 
 
Receipt 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in 
plain language.  Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully. 
 
If McDonald’s USA, LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 calendar-
days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection 
with the proposed franchise sale. 
 
[Michigan requires that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the execution of 
any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.] 
 
If McDonald’s USA, LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or misleading 
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be 
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the appropriate state agency listed on 
Exhibit P. 
 
The name, principal business address, and telephone number of the franchise sellers offering the franchise are 
McDonald’s USA, LLC and Brad Bogan, 110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607 (630) 623-3000. 
 
The issuance date of this Franchise Disclosure Document is May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026. 
 
McDonald’s USA, LLC authorizes the state agents listed in Exhibit O to receive service of process for it in the 
respective states. 
 
I received a disclosure document dated May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026, that included the following 
Exhibits: 
 
A. Financial Statements 
L.   McDonald’s Growth Policy 
B. Franchise Agreement (Traditional) 
M. New Term Offer Letter 
C. Franchise Agreement (Satellite) 
N. Loan and Related Documents 
D. Franchise Agreement (Walmart) 
O. List of Agents for Service of Process 
E. New Restaurant Rider 
P. State Administrators 
F. BFL Rider 
Q. McDonald’s Affiliates 
G. Operator’s Lease 
R. List of Franchised Restaurants 
H. Assignment to an Entity 
S.  List of franchisees who had an outlet terminated,  
I. 
Assignment Agreement 
     canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily  
J. Preliminary Agreement 
     or involuntarily ceased to do business 
K. McDonald’s New Term Policy 
T. State Specific Addenda 
 
 
 
 
Date Received 
Prospective Franchisee 
 
 
 
 
Prospective Franchisee 
Prospective Franchise 
 
Effective Date:  May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026 
 
Return electronically signed and dated Receipt via DocuSign; or fax signed and dated Receipt to (630) 568-
6271; or mail signed and dated Receipt to Franchise Practice Group Dept. 088, McDonald’s USA, LLC, 
110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, IL 60607. 
