F-10 
 
 
and pension liabilities. 
 
(e) 
Continuity of Operations. (1) Engage in any business activities 
substantially different from those in which Borrower is presently engaged; (2) permanently cease 
operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with any other entity, change its name, 
dissolve; or (3) enter into any arrangement with any person providing for the leasing by the Borrower to 
any subsidiary of real or personal property which has been sold or transferred by the Borrower or subsidiary 
to such person. 
 
(f) 
Limitation on Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into any agreement with 
any person other than Lender which prohibits or limits the ability of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries 
to create or permit to exist any lien on any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or 
hereafter acquired. 
 
(g) 
Conflicting Agreements. Enter into any agreement containing any 
provision which would be violated or breached by the performance of Borrower’s obligations under 
this agreement. 
 
(h) 
Change of Control. Permit a Change of Control to occur. Change of 
Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
shall 
(i) 
cease to own and control 100% of the outstanding capital stock and membership units of each Borrower, 
(ii) cease to possess the right to elect (through contract, ownership of voting securities or otherwise) at all 
times a majority of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of each Borrower, or (iii) cease to 
have the authority to direct the management policies and decisions of each Borrower. 
 
3. 
Events of Default. Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (“Event of 
Default”), at the option of Lender, or automatically without notice or any other action upon the 
occurrence of any event specified in Sections 3.4 or 3.5 below, the unpaid principal amount of this Note 
together with accrued interest and all other obligations owing by Borrower to Lender 
shall become 
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice of any kind, all 
of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower: 
 
3.1 
Borrower shall fail to maintain sufficient funds in any automated clearing house 
deposit account (“ACH”) to enable payment, or shall otherwise fail to make payment, of any installment of 
principal and/or interest or other amounts due and payable under this Note and such default remains uncured 
after the expiration of ten (10) days from receipt of notice of such default. 
 
3.2 
Any warranty or representation made by Borrower in this Note or any other writing 
delivered to Lender proves to have been false or inaccurate in any material respect when made. Borrower 
fails to perform or breaches any negative covenant or other material provision or covenant of this Note, and 
such failure or breach (with the exception of Sections 2.2(a) and 2.3 herein as to which such failure or 
breach shall constitute an immediate default hereunder) is not cured by Borrower or waived in writing by 
Lender within ten (10) days after receipt by Borrower of written notice from Lender identifying the non-
performance or breach. 
 
 
3.3 
Borrower violates any of the covenants or agreements contained in the 
Franchise. 
 
3.4 
The filing of any petition or the commencement of any proceeding by 
Borrower for relief under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or any laws relating to the relief of debtors, 
