 
12 
(o) 
Franchisee engages in public conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the 
operation of the Restaurant, the reputation of the McDonald’s System, or the goodwill associated with the 
McDonald’s trademarks; provided that engaging in legitimate political activity (including testifying, lobbying, or 
otherwise attempting to influence legislation) shall not be grounds for termination; 
(p) 
Franchisee is convicted of, pleads guilty or no contest to a felony, or any other crime that 
is reasonably likely to adversely affect the McDonald’s System, the Restaurant, or the goodwill associated with the 
McDonald’s trademarks; or 
(q) 
Franchisee intentionally understates Gross Sales reported to McDonald’s. 
19. 
Other Breaches.  If Franchisee fails in the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this 
Franchise (other than performance of the terms and conditions listed in paragraph 18), Franchisee shall be guilty of 
a breach of this Franchise which shall not (except in the case of repeated breaches of the same or of different terms 
and conditions of this Franchise) constitute grounds for termination of this Franchise.  McDonald’s shall have the 
right to seek judicial enforcement of its rights and remedies, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, damages, 
or specific performance.  Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this paragraph 19, any uncured breach of the 
terms of this Franchise (whether of paragraph 18 or 19) shall be sufficient reason for McDonald’s to withhold 
approval of its consent to any assignment or transfer of Franchisee’s interest in this Franchise provided for herein. 
20. 
Effect of Termination. 
(a) 
In the event of any material breach of this Franchise, McDonald’s shall have an immediate 
right to enter and take possession of the Restaurant in order to maintain continuous operation of the Restaurant, to 
provide for orderly change of management and disposition of personal property, and to otherwise protect 
McDonald’s interest. 
(b) 
Upon termination of this Franchise due to any breach or breaches, Franchisee shall not, 
without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, 
or leasehold improvements from the premises either prior to or for a period of thirty (30) days following such 
termination.  McDonald’s shall have the option for thirty (30) days following any such termination to purchase 
Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and leasehold improvements or any portion 
thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property.  In the event of such a termination, there shall be 
no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee. 
(c) 
Upon termination of this Franchise due to the expiration of its term or as a result of any 
eminent domain proceedings affecting the premises upon which the Restaurant is situated, Franchisee shall not 
remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, or leasehold improvements within sixty (60) days 
prior to the date specified for termination or the date specified for takeover by any public authority.  McDonald’s 
shall, upon written notice of its intention to purchase said property at least thirty (30) days prior to such date of 
termination, have the option to purchase Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and 
leasehold improvements or any portion thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property.  In the 
event of such a termination, there shall be no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee. 
