 
5 
McDonald’s pursuant to this Franchise.  Franchisee shall execute and deliver to McDonald’s such documents and 
instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic debit/credit transfer program. 
(c) 
Interest on Delinquencies.  In the event that the Franchisee is past due on the payment of 
any amount due McDonald’s under this Franchise, including accrued interest, the Franchisee shall be required, to 
the extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to McDonald’s for the period beginning with 
the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate equal to the highest rate allowed 
by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then fifteen percent (15%).  Such interest will be calculated 
on the basis of monthly compounding and the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365. 
9. 
Initial Fee and Annual Fee.  Franchisee acknowledges that:  (a) the initial grant of this Franchise 
constitutes the sole consideration for the payment of (i) an Initial Fee of Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) paid by 
Franchisee to McDonald’s on the opening date of the Restaurant; and (ii) an Annual Fee of ____________________ 
($__________) to be paid by Franchisee to McDonald’s beginning on the first anniversary of the opening date of 
the Restaurant and on each subsequent anniversary; and (b) the fees have been earned by McDonald’s (except where 
the construction of the Restaurant has not been completed within one (1) year from the date of the execution and 
delivery of this Franchise).  If the Restaurant has not been constructed or is not ready for occupancy at the time of 
the execution of this Franchise, McDonald’s shall use its best efforts to expedite the construction and lease of the 
Restaurant to Franchisee.  However, McDonald’s shall not be liable to Franchisee in any manner for any delays in 
or lack of completion of such construction for any reason.  McDonald’s shall be under no obligation to enforce 
performance or to seek other remedies for non-performance of any lease, clause, or contract necessary for the 
construction of the Restaurant and reserves the right, in case construction of the Restaurant should be abandoned, 
the lease assigned, or other interest in the premises be relinquished, to terminate this Franchise upon reimbursement 
to Franchisee of the Initial Fee.  At such time as the Restaurant is completed and ready for occupancy, the Initial 
Fee shall be deemed to be earned.  If the Restaurant is not ready for occupancy within one (1) year from the date of 
this Franchise, Franchisee shall have the right to terminate this Franchise and obtain an immediate refund of the 
Initial Fee upon written request to McDonald’s. 
10. 
Reports.  On or before 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on the first business day of each month, 
Franchisee shall render, in a manner specified by McDonald’s, a statement, in such form as McDonald’s shall 
reasonably require from time to time, of all receipts from the operation of the Restaurant for the preceding month 
immediately ended.  On or before the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each month Franchisee shall submit to McDonald’s 
an operating statement and a statistical report for the previous month in form satisfactory to McDonald’s.  
Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of Gross Sales for at least three (3) years in a manner 
and form satisfactory to McDonald’s and shall also deliver such additional financial and operating reports and other 
information as McDonald’s may reasonably request on the forms and in the manner prescribed by McDonald’s.  
Franchisee further agrees to submit within ninety (90) days following the close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s 
operation, a profit and loss statement covering operations during such fiscal year and a balance sheet taken as of the 
close of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  The profit and 
