 
-23- 
Prescribe detailed specifications for purchasing, preparation, and service, and make available to you names of 
approved sources of supply.  We do not sell or lease to you equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventories, or 
supplies or deliver or install these items except as noted in Item 8 or when we sell or lease an ongoing business to 
you (Franchise Agreement – Sections 3, 12(b), and 12(i), Operator’s Lease – Section 2.04).  See Items 8 and 9. 
 
Provide our training program to you, which includes your enrolling your managers at Hamburger University or 
other training centers.  The training program is more fully described in this Item (Franchise Agreement – 
Sections 4 and 6). 
 
McDonald’s will allow you to view McDonald’s Operations and Training Manual (the “O&T Manual”) before 
you purchase the franchise (Franchise Agreement – Section 4). 
 
Our Operational Obligations: 
 
Advise and consult with you periodically and at other reasonable times upon your request in connection with the 
operation of the restaurant.  We will communicate to you our knowledge of new developments, techniques, and 
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the 
operation of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System.  The communications will be accomplished by visits by 
operations consultants, printed reports, seminars, newsletter mailings, emails, and online resources.  We will 
make available to you all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the 
restaurant that we make generally available to all our franchisees operating McDonald’s restaurants (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 3). 
 
Make available to you the O&T Manual and any other business manuals prepared and modified by us for use by 
our franchisees in connection with the operation of a McDonald’s restaurant.  These manuals contain detailed 
information including:  (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and 
accounting procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies 
(Franchise Agreement – Section 4). 
 
Advertising Programs: 
 
We employ advertising and marketing consultants to participate in the formulation and production of concepts 
and materials for production and media placement of national programs for the McDonald’s System.  Our 
in-house advertising and marketing departments develop overall direction and strategy for the national programs 
and recommend them to franchisees.  Advertising and marketing programs are placed in national and local media 
including, but not limited to, print, radio, television, outdoor, point of sale, direct mail, and the Internet.  We do 
not maintain an advertising or marketing fund nor do we have any obligation to make placement of programs in 
the media.  You must advertise and promote your restaurant to the general public and spend at least 4% of the 
restaurant Gross Sales each year for this purpose, unless otherwise agreed to by us.  For new, rebuilt, relocated, 
and remodeled restaurants, we strongly recommend the use of “grand opening” promotions.  You must use only 
advertising and marketing materials and programs that we have provided to you or approved in advance in 
writing.  All advertising and marketing must also conform to the standards and policies of the McDonald’s 
System relating to the trademarks and service marks.  Advertising and marketing by cooperatives are subject to 
the same approval requirements.  Your expenditures for OPNAD and local cooperative advertising and/or 
marketing of the McDonald’s System are credited to this required expenditure.  You are not required to participate 
in OPNAD or a local cooperative; however, your consistent involvement with OPNAD and local cooperatives is 
one of several factors used to measure your compliance with the Operator Involvement standard, which is one of 
the National Franchising Standards.  Also, if you decide not to participate in a cooperative, you may not gain 
access to that cooperative’s advertising and marketing programs (Franchise Agreement – Section 5).  See Items 6 
and 9. 
 
OPNAD and the local cooperatives are independent entities formed by franchisees.  The McOpCo companies that 
operate restaurants also participate in OPNAD and the local cooperatives.  These cooperatives carry out programs 
to advertise and market cooperative restaurants.  Each cooperative maintains and administers its own advertising 
and marketing fund, which is funded by its members.  The funds may be used for media placement and to develop 
and produce advertising and marketing concepts and materials for use by cooperative restaurants.  Individual 
