 
-6- 
Consumer Legal Remedies Act, the California False and Misleading Advertising Law, the California Unfair 
Competition Law, the New York Unlawful Deceptive Acts and Practices law, the New York False Advertising 
Law, the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act, and the District of Columbia Consumer 
Protection Procedures Act. Plaintiffs seek class certification, damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and an order 
enjoining McDonald’s from further deceptive marketing.  Our predecessor intends to defend its interests 
vigorously in this case. 
 
Additionally, we and our predecessor have been named as defendants in numerous additional labor and 
employment lawsuits brought by employees of our franchisees on an individual, class and collective basis, 
alleging that we are joint employers with our franchisees.  These lawsuits allege racial discrimination, sexual 
harassment, wrongful termination, constructive discharge, wage and hour violations, and similar claims under 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 42 U.S.C. Section 1981, and the Fair Labor Standards Act or similar 
statutes.  We strongly disagree with the joint employment allegations and intend to vigorously defend these 
actions. 
 
Occasionally, disputes arise with our franchisees.  If a dispute cannot be resolved through our internal 
processes such as appealing to higher level individuals (our “open door policy”) or our formal Ombudsman 
process, then as a matter of common practice (not required by the Franchise Agreement) we will often agree to 
use mediation.  Even though we follow these practices, occasionally lawsuits alleging the same or similar 
allegations to those listed in this Item 3 have been brought against us or our predecessor and could be brought 
against us in the future. 
 
Concluded Cases 
 
Zhuang Zhi-Xun and Qing-Yi Limited v. McDonald’s Restaurants (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. (Case No. 105 Xu-Zhi 
No.710).  On December 25, 2015, the plaintiff, an operator of a McDonald’s restaurant in Taiwan and his 
operating entity, filed in Taipei District Court a complaint against our affiliate, McDonald’s Restaurants (Taiwan) 
Co., Ltd., alleging it failed to comply with the pre-contractual disclosure requirements set forth in the Taiwan Fair 
Trade Commission's Guidelines on Franchisors' Business Practice.  The plaintiff alleged our affiliate failed to 
disclose certain information related to our affiliate’s plans to open new restaurants in the same business area as 
plaintiff’s restaurant.  For such claims, plaintiff sought compensation of $700,000 New Taiwan dollars, plus 
interest, court fees, and rescission.  Plaintiff additionally requested the court to render the arbitration clause in the 
franchise agreement null and void based on the Taiwan Fair Trade Act and the Consumer Protection Act.  On 
March 22, 2016, our affiliate entered into a settlement agreement with the franchisee. The franchisee agreed to 
terminate all of the franchises for his McDonald’s restaurants, sell our affiliate the assets of those restaurants, and 
settle all claims for $111,172,552 New Taiwan Dollars. 
 
Chris Howe v. McDonald’s Corporation and Does 1-100 (Case No. 5:16-cv-00176).  On January 29, 2016, 
plaintiff filed a complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California – 
Eastern Division, on behalf of himself and purported classes of McDonald’s customers in California and in 41 
other states and the District of Columbia who purchased Mozzarella Cheese Sticks in McDonald’s restaurants in 
California.  Plaintiff alleged that McDonald’s advertising of Mozzarella Cheese Sticks violated California’s 
Unfair Competition Law, California’s False Advertising Law, California’s Consumers Legal Remedies Act, and 
various state warranty laws.  Plaintiff also asserted a claim for unjust enrichment.  Plaintiff sought, on behalf of 
himself and the purported classes, monetary damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses, pre- and post-judgment 
interest, and injunctive relief.  On October 10, 2016, our predecessor agreed to settle the case by paying $32,500 
in damages, which included $30,500 in attorneys’ fees and costs, and in exchange received a general release for 
us and our predecessor from the plaintiff.  
 
Jade Berreau, as administrator of the Estate of Dashiell Snow v. McDonald’s Corporation and Does 1-100 (Case 
No. 2:16-cv-07394).  On October 3, 2016, plaintiff, as the administrator of Estate of Dashiell Snow, filed a 
complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California, Western Division, 
alleging that McDonald’s unlawfully copied Dashiell Snow’s artwork and installed it in hundreds of McDonald’s 
graffiti-themed restaurants around the world.  Plaintiff asserts claims for copyright infringement, falsification of 
copyright management information, unfair competition under the Lanham Act and California law, and negligence, 
and seeks injunctive relief, monetary and punitive damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses.  The accused 
