Report of Independent Auditors
The Board of Directors 
McDonald’s USA, LLC 
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of McDonald’s USA LLC (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance 
sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, members’ equity and cash flows for each of 
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 
31, 2024, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section 
of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the 
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the 
preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the 
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the 
financial statements are available to be issued.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance 
but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the 
judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements.
In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:
•
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
•
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
•
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control. Accordingly,
no such opinion is expressed.
•
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by
management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements.
•
Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Chicago, Illinois
March 14, 2025 
EXHIBIT A
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
