 
3 
2. 
Franchise Grant and Term. 
(a) 
McDonald’s grants to Franchisee for the following stated term the right, license, and 
privilege: 
(i) 
to adopt and use the McDonald’s System at the Restaurant; 
(ii) 
to advertise to the public that Franchisee is a franchisee of McDonald’s; 
(iii) 
to adopt and use, but only in connection with the sale of those food and beverage 
products which have been designated by McDonald’s at the Restaurant, the trade names, trademarks, and service 
marks which McDonald’s shall designate, from time to time, to be part of the McDonald’s System; and 
(iv) 
to occupy the Restaurant as provided herein. 
The rights granted under this Franchise are limited to the Restaurant’s location only. 
(b) 
The term of this Franchise shall begin on ______________, and end on the earlier of:  
(i) ______________, (ii) the termination of this Franchise pursuant to the provisions hereof, (iii) the closing of the 
Walmart Store, or (iv) the termination of the Master Lease. 
3. 
General Services of McDonald’s.  McDonald’s shall advise and consult with Franchisee 
periodically in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and also, upon Franchisee’s request, at other 
reasonable times.  McDonald’s shall communicate to Franchisee know-how, new developments, techniques, and 
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the operation 
of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System.  The communications shall be accomplished by visits by operations 
consultants, printed and filmed reports, seminars, and newsletter mailings.  McDonald’s shall also make available 
to Franchisee all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the Restaurant 
which McDonald’s makes generally available, from time to time, to all its franchisees operating McDonald’s 
restaurants. 
4. 
Manuals.  McDonald’s shall provide Franchisee with the business manuals prepared for use by 
franchisees of McDonald’s restaurants similar to the Restaurant.  The business manuals contain detailed information 
including: (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and accounting 
procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies.  Franchisee 
agrees to promptly adopt and use exclusively the formulas, methods, and policies contained in the business manuals, 
now and as they may be modified from time to time.  Franchisee acknowledges that McDonald’s or its affiliates 
own all proprietary rights in and to the McDonald’s System and that the information revealed in the business 
manuals, in their entirety, constitute confidential trade secrets.  Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, 
Franchisee shall not disclose the contents of the business manuals to any person, except employees of Franchisee 
for purposes related solely to the operation of the Restaurant, nor shall Franchisee reprint or reproduce the manuals 
in whole or in part for any purpose except in connection with instruction of employees in the operation of the 
Restaurant.  Such manuals, as modified from time to time, and the policies contained therein, are incorporated in 
this Franchise by reference. 
