 
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
 
 
McDonald’s USA, LLC 
a Delaware limited liability company 
110 N. Carpenter Street 
Chicago, Illinois 60607 
(630) 623-3000 
                                    www.mcdonalds.com 
 
The franchisee will own and operate a quick service restaurant offering a limited menu of 
value-priced foods using the McDonald’s System. 
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a traditional McDonald’s franchise ranges 
from $1,471,000 to $2,728,000 (see Item 7 for small town oil, small town retail, and Satellite 
locations).  This includes an initial franchise fee of $45,000.00 (see Item 5 for small town oil, 
small town retail, and Satellite locations) that must be paid to the franchisor. 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements 
carefully.  You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar-days before you sign a 
binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection 
with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified 
the information contained in this document. 
 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for 
you.  To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact the Franchise Practice 
Group at 110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, IL 60607 and (630) 623-3000. 
 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Don’t rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your 
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can 
help you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide 
to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is 
available from the Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or 
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.  You can also 
visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or 
visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising. 
 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them. 
 
 
Issuance Date:  May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026
