 
6 
of rent, a statement of Gross Sales for the preceding calendar year (certified, at Tenant’s expense, 
if requested by Landlord, by a Certified Public Accountant of good standing and reputation in the 
state in which the Premises are located) which will show Gross Sales separately for each monthly 
period during the preceding year. 
 
A. 
Default in Reporting:  Upon failure of Tenant to prepare and deliver promptly any 
monthly or annual statement required by this Lease or to make any required payment, Landlord 
may elect to treat Tenant’s failure as a substantial breach of this Lease entitling Landlord to 
terminate this Lease and Tenant’s right to possession of the Premises. 
 
B. 
Inspection of Records by Landlord:  If Landlord is dissatisfied with statements 
furnished by Tenant, Landlord may notify Tenant, and Landlord, at its option, may then examine 
Tenant’s books or have a Certified Public Accountant selected by Landlord examine Tenant’s 
books.  If such examination discloses any underpayment of Percentage Rent, Tenant will promptly 
pay the deficient amount.  If Tenant contests such deficiency, Landlord will then appoint an 
independent auditor to examine Tenant’s books and records.  If the independent audit confirms 
that there has been an underpayment exceeding two percent (2%) of the Percentage Rent, as 
represented by Tenant, Tenant will, in addition to the above, reimburse Landlord for the cost of 
the auditor’s examination. 
 
3.04 No Abatement of Rent:  Except as provided in this Lease, damage to or destruction of 
any portion or all of the buildings, structures and fixtures upon the Premises, by fire, the elements 
or any other cause, whether with or without fault on the part of Tenant, will not terminate this 
Lease or entitle Tenant to surrender the Premises or entitle Tenant to any abatement of or 
reduction in the rent payable, or otherwise affect the respective obligations of the parties, any 
present or future law to the contrary notwithstanding, subject to Article 6.05 in this Lease. 
 
3.05 Interest on Delinquencies:  If the Tenant is past due on the payment of any amount 
due Landlord, under this Lease, including accrued interest, the Tenant shall be required, to the 
extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to the Landlord for the period 
beginning with the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate 
equal to the highest rate allowed by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then 
fifteen percent (15%).  Such interest will be calculated on the basis of monthly compounding and 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365. 
 
3.06 Lien for Rent:  Tenant grants to Landlord a lien upon all Tenant’s property located on 
the Premises, from time to time, for all rent and other sums due from Tenant to Landlord under 
the provisions of this Lease. 
 
ARTICLE 4  OBLIGATIONS OF TENANT 
 
4.01 Utilities:  Tenant will pay directly all charges for gas, electricity, or other utilities, sewer 
charges, taxes and driveway fees, if applicable, and for all water used on the Premises as such 
charges become due.  Tenant’s obligation to pay the foregoing charges will commence five (5) 
days after Tenant’s equipment is delivered to the Premises. 
 
4.02 Maintenance and Repair:  Tenant will, at its expense, (a) keep the entire Premises, all 
improvements, utility lines and Tenant’s or Landlord’s fixtures and equipment at all times in good 
repair, order or condition; (b) replace all broken, damaged or missing personal property, fixtures 
or equipment; and (c) at the expiration of the term of this Lease, whether by lapse of time or 
otherwise, surrender the Premises in good repair, order and condition, ordinary wear and tear 
