 
-7- 
artwork was not installed in any restaurants in the United States.  Our predecessor filed a motion to dismiss the 
case for lack of personal jurisdiction, which the court granted on January 30, 2017 without prejudice to the ability 
to refile the complaint in a different jurisdiction.  On or about March 24, 2017, our predecessor settled this case by 
agreeing to pay $650,000 and remove the accused artwork in one restaurant in the United Kingdom.  The parties 
exchanged releases. 
 
Stephanie Ochoa, et al. v. McDonald’s Corp., McDonald’s USA, LLC, McDonald’s Restaurants of California, 
Inc., The Edward J. Smith and Valerie S. Smith Family Limited Partnership d/b/a McDonald’s and Does 1-100 
(Case No. 3:14-cv-02098-JD). On March 12, 2014, the plaintiffs, various current and former employees of 
franchised restaurants, filed a lawsuit against us, our predecessor, an affiliate and franchisees in the Superior 
Court of the State of California, County of Alameda, alleging violations of the California Labor Code and the 
California Business & Professions Code related to altering time records, requiring off-the-clock work, failing to 
pay minimum and overtime wages, failing to provide required meal periods and rest breaks, failing to pay all 
wages due to discharged and quitting employees, failing to keep accurate records and provide accurate itemized 
wage statements, failing to indemnify employees for necessary expenses, negligence, unfair and unlawful 
business practices and retaliation for complaining about the alleged labor violations. The plaintiffs also alleged 
that the defendant McDonald’s entities are joint employers of those employees. The plaintiffs sought class 
certification, injunctive relief, monetary and punitive damages, interest, statutory penalties, declaratory judgment, 
disgorged profits, and attorneys’ fees and costs.  On May 7, 2014, our franchisees removed this lawsuit to the U.S. 
District Court, Northern District of California.  On September 25, 2015, the court dismissed all of plaintiffs’ joint 
employer theories against the McDonald’s entities except one based on ostensible agency theory.  On November 
14, 2016, the court granted final approval of a settlement of all claims between the plaintiffs and our franchisees. 
The defendant McDonald’s entities and plaintiffs separately reached a settlement agreement wherein the 
McDonald’s entities agreed to pay $3,750,000 and certain limited injunctive relief in exchange for dismissal of all 
remaining claims with prejudice.  The court granted final approval and dismissed all claims against the defendant 
McDonald’s entities with prejudice on August 4, 2017. 
 
Paul Bledsoe v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and Does 1-10 (Case No. 2:18-cv-09354-JFW-GJS).  On September 28, 
2018, plaintiff filed a complaint against us in California state court in Los Angeles County, on behalf of himself 
and purported classes of McDonald’s customers in California who purchased extra value meals in McDonald’s 
restaurants in California and were charged a “drink upcharge” for a drink advertised as being included in the extra 
value meal.  Plaintiff alleged McDonald’s practice of charging extra for beverages advertised as already being 
included in an extra value meal violated California’s Unfair Competition Law, California’s False Advertising 
Law, and California’s Consumers Legal Remedies Act. Plaintiff sought, on behalf of himself and the purported 
class, monetary damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses, pre- and post-judgment interest, and injunctive 
relief. On February 11, 2019, we agreed to settle the case by paying $2,500 in damages in exchange received a 
general release from the plaintiff. 
 
Il Ristorante del Centro (Pandya) v. McDonald’s Development Italy LLC (Case No. R.G. 30320/2017).  On May 
22, 2017, plaintiff, a franchisee of our affiliate in Italy, filed a complaint against us in the Court of Milan asserting 
claims for breach of the franchise agreement for abuse of dominant position and abuse of economic dependence.  
The plaintiff sought compensatory damages.  On June 20, 2018, the parties settled this litigation.  The plaintiff 
agreed to terminate his franchise and sell the restaurant to our affiliate for 1,671,680 Euros.   The purchase price 
was reduced by 910,272 Euros for outstanding fees owed to our affiliate.  Our affiliate also agreed to hire the 
plaintiff’s employees, and the parties exchanged mutual releases..  
 
Emily Knowles, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, and McDonald’s Corporation (Case 9:16-cv-81657-KAM).  On 
September 29, 2016, plaintiff filed a complaint against us and our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Southern 
District of Florida, on behalf of herself and a purported class of nationwide McDonald’s customers who have 
allegedly paid a drink upcharge fee for healthy drink options with their purchase of a Happy Meal.  Plaintiff 
asserted claims under the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act or, in the alternative, under the 
Illinois Consumer Fraud Act if the court found that Illinois consumer laws apply to the allegations.  Plaintiff 
sought entry of an order certifying the case as a class action, monetary damages, civil penalties, attorneys’ fees, 
costs and expenses.  In November 2018, McDonald’s settled this case with Plaintiff by agreeing to pay $35,000 in 
exchange for a release of all claims.   
 
