 
12 
any other right in this Lease resulting from Tenant’s breach of the covenant not to hold over or 
any other breach in this Lease. 
 
7.06 Remedies Cumulative:  The remedies in this Lease granted to Landlord will not be 
exclusive or mutually exclusive, and Landlord will have such other remedies against Tenant as 
may be permitted in law or in equity at any time.  Any exercise of a right of termination by Landlord 
will not be construed to eliminate any right of Landlord to damages on account of any default of 
Tenant. 
 
7.07 Waiver:  No delay or omission of Landlord to exercise any right or power arising from 
any default will impair any such right or power or will be construed to be a waiver of any such 
default or an acquiescence under this Lease.  No waiver of any breach of any of the covenants 
of this Lease will be held to be a waiver of any other breach or waiver, acquiescence in or consent 
to any further or subsequent breach of the same covenant.  The rights in this Lease given to 
receive, collect or sue for any rent, monies or payments or to enforce the terms, provisions and 
conditions of this Lease, or to prevent the breach or non-observance thereof, or to exercise any 
right or remedy in this Lease, will not in any way affect the right or power of Landlord to declare 
the term ended and to terminate this Lease because of any default in or breach of any of the 
covenants, provisions or conditions of this Lease. 
 
7.08 Accord and Satisfaction:  No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of a lesser 
amount than the monthly rent in this Lease stipulated will be deemed to be other than on account 
of the earliest stipulated rent, nor will any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter 
accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction.  Landlord 
may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord’s right to recover the balance 
of such rent or pursue any other remedy provided for in this Lease. 
 
7.09 Right to Perform for Tenant:  If Tenant should fail to perform any of its obligations 
under the provisions of this Lease, Landlord, at its option, may (but will not be required to) do the 
same or cause the same to be done.  In addition to any and all other rights and remedies of 
Landlord, the cost incurred by Landlord in connection with such performance by Landlord will be 
an additional charge due from Tenant to Landlord, together with interest thereon at the maximum 
rate permitted by law in the state in which the Premises are located on the next rent date after 
such expenditure or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, at fifteen percent (15%) per 
annum. 
 
7.10 Condemnation:  If the entire Premises are condemned under eminent domain, or 
acquired in lieu of condemnation, for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, all rentals and 
taxes or other charges will be paid to that date, and Tenant will have the right to make a claim for 
the value of its leasehold estate.  Tenant will, also, have the right to claim and recover such 
compensation as may be separately awarded for any and all damage to Tenant’s business by 
reason of the condemnation and for any cost or loss to which Tenant might be put in removing 
Tenant’s merchandise, furniture, equipment and other personal property.  Tenant specifically 
waives and releases any claim it may have, however, for the value of the building, fixtures and 
other improvements on the Premises whether or not installed or paid for by Tenant.  Tenant further 
agrees to subordinate any claim it may have to Landlord’s claim for the value of the improvements. 
 
If only a part of the Premises is taken or condemned and Landlord determines that the 
operation of a McDonald’s Restaurant on the Premises is no longer economically feasible or 
desirable, Landlord may at any time, either prior to or within a period of sixty (60) days after the 
date when possession of the Premises will be required by the condemning authority, elect to 
