 
9 
6.04 Placement and Policies of Insurance:  All insurance policies required to be carried in 
this Lease will name Landlord and any party designated by Landlord as additional insured.  All 
policies will be effective on or prior to the date Tenant is given possession of the Premises for the 
purpose of installing equipment, and evidence of payment of Premiums and duplicate copies of 
policies of the insurance required in this Lease will be delivered to Landlord at least thirty (30) 
days prior to the date that Tenant opens for business or thirty (30) days prior to the expiration 
dates of an existing policy of insurance.  All policies of insurance will include as an additional 
insured any mortgagee, as its interest may appear, and will include provisions prohibiting 
cancellations or material changes to the policy until thirty (30) days prior written notice has been 
given to Landlord. 
 
If Tenant should fail to obtain the required insurance, Landlord may, but is not obligated to, 
purchase the insurance, adding the premiums paid to Tenant’s monthly rent.  Tenant may 
authorize Landlord to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Tenant’s 
behalf.  However, Landlord, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no 
responsibility for premium expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Tenant.  
Landlord may relieve itself of all obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of the 
required insurance coverage by giving ten (10) days written notice to Tenant. 
 
All insurance will be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business in 
the state in which the Premises are located and having a financial size category equal to or greater 
than IX and a policyholders rating of “A +” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company, 
Inc., unless otherwise approved by Landlord.  Tenant further agrees to increase the various 
insurance coverages specified above from time to time upon the written request of Landlord to 
meet changing economic conditions and requirements imposed upon Landlord under the 
Landlord’s Head Lease (if applicable) and loan agreements, if any. 
 
6.05 Repair and Replacement of Buildings:  If the building on the Premises is damaged by 
fire or any other casualty, Landlord will, within a reasonable time from the date of the damage or 
destruction, repair or replace the building so that Tenant may continue in occupancy.  Landlord’s 
obligation to rebuild or restore the Premises will, however, be only to the extent of insurance 
proceeds recovered.  Basic Rent and any Pass Thru Rent required to be paid in this Lease will 
not abate during the period of untenantability.  If the building cannot be replaced or repaired within 
a reasonable time due to the inability of Landlord to obtain materials and labor, or because of 
strikes, acts of God or governmental restrictions that would prohibit, limit or delay the construction, 
then the time for completion of the repair or replacement will be extended accordingly.  However, 
in any event, if the repair or replacement of the building has not been commenced within a period 
of one (1) year from the date of the damage or destruction, Tenant or Landlord may, at their 
option, terminate this Lease.  If any damage or destruction occurs during the last five (5) years of 
the term of this Lease to the extent of fifty percent (50%) or more of the insurable value of the 
building, Landlord may, by notice to Tenant within forty (40) days after the occurrence of the 
damage or destruction, in lieu of repairing or replacing the building, elect to terminate this Lease 
as of the date of the damage or destruction.  Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases any 
and all claims against Landlord for damages in case of Landlord’s failure to rebuild or restore the 
building in accordance with the provisions of this Article.  Tenant’s sole remedy for any such failure 
will be to elect to terminate this Lease as of the date of occurrence of the damage or destruction.  
If the building and other improvements are not repaired, restored or replaced, for any reason, all 
proceeds of the all risk coverage insurance applicable to the building and other permanent 
improvements will be paid and given to Landlord.  Tenant agrees to execute and deliver any 
release or other document Landlord may request to obtain the release or control of the proceeds. 
 
