Annex IV-1 
 
 
CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT 
(For General/Limited Partnership) 
 
In  connection  with  the  obtaining  of  credit  and  other  financial  accommodations  (the 
“Financings”)   from   [●]   (the   “Lender”)   by     
 (the 
“Partnership”), 
a 
[general/limited] 
partnership 
organized 
under 
the 
laws 
of 
  
, the undersigned partners certify that they are all of the partners of the 
Partnership and that: 
 
1. 
Each partner hereby confirms that any of the below named partners is authorized singly: 
 
A. 
To borrow money and to obtain credit for the Partnership from the Lender 
on such terms and conditions as such partner may agree, including 
without limitation, the terms and conditions set forth in that certain 
Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization (the 
“Note”) dated 
,  _, and to execute and 
deliver any and all agreements and any notes, instruments of guaranty, 
other security agreements and other documents relating thereto as may 
be requested by the Lender; 
 
B. 
To pledge or assign and deliver, as security for money borrowed or credit 
obtained, any properties held by or belonging to the Partnership with 
full authority to endorse, assign, transfer or guarantee the same in the 
name of the Partnership; and 
 
C. 
To bind the Partnership, and to execute and deliver on behalf of the 
Partnership all instruments and documents required by the Lender in 
connection with any Financing. 
 
2. 
Each partner agrees that his or her obligations with respect to any Financing shall not be 
released or terminated by virtue of any release by the Lender of any other partner. Each partner waives 
notice of any such release. 
 
3. 
Each partner hereby appoints 
or 
, singly, to 
accept service of process on behalf of such partner in connection with any Financing and hereby consents 
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts in, or state courts of, Illinois for suits in connection 
with any Financing. 
 
4. 
True, correct and complete copies of the Partnership’s partnership agreement and certificate 
of partnership (or equivalent in each case), as applicable, are attached to this Certificate as Exhibit A. Such 
partnership agreement and certificate of partnership (or equivalent), as applicable, have not been amended 
or modified except as set forth on Exhibit A and remain in full force and effect on the date hereof. 
 
5. 
The federal Employer Identification Number (taxpayer i.d.) assigned to the Partnership 
is 
. 
 
6. 
The Partnership is operating a McDonald’s Restaurant at the following locations(s): 
 
7. 
As of the date of this Certificate, the Partnership is a McDonald’s franchise in good 
