 
3 
actions, omissions, or events occurring in whole or in part prior to the execution of this Agreement, 
including, but not in any way limited to, losses, liabilities, claims (including but not limited to, by way of 
example only, those for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of warranty), and causes of action arising from or 
in any way relating to this Agreement whether in writing or made through any alleged course of conduct, 
course of dealing, statements or actions of either McDonald’s or Franchisee.   
 
9. 
Covenants.  From the effective date of this Agreement until the termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 14, Franchisee hereby covenants and agrees that: (i) Franchisee will not incur any 
secured or unsecured debt (other than normal trade debt/payables incurred in the ordinary course of 
business) or act as guarantor for any debt of others, without the prior written approval of McDonald’s, in 
its sole discretion, (ii) Franchisee will not lend money to any third party (including without limitation any 
member, partner, owner or shareholder of Franchisee) without the prior written approval of McDonald’s, 
in its sole discretion, (iii) Franchisee will pay all amounts due and owing under the Note on time, in 
accordance with its terms, (iv) Franchisee shall immediately notify McDonald’s, in writing, of any defaults 
by Franchisee under the Note and provide McDonald’s with copies of any default notices issued to 
Franchisee by Lender, and (v) Franchisee will maintain all excess cash in the business in order to 
accumulate funds to retire the Note on or before its maturity date, provided, that, Franchisee may (A) make 
reasonable compensation distributions/draws to Operator, and/or (B) make distributions/draws necessary 
to satisfy Operator’s Federal and state income tax obligations. 
 
10. Default; Remedies.  If Franchisee (i) fails to perform any of its covenants herein, including without 
limitation, the covenants contained in Sections 3 or 9, or (ii) breaches any of its representations or warranties 
herein, including without limitation the representations and warranties contained in Section 13, then 
Franchisee shall be in default under this Agreement (in each case, an “Event of Default”). 
 
If the Event of Default is based upon either (i) Franchisee’s failure to make timely payment of any OAP 
Amounts in accordance with Section 3 herein, or (ii) Franchisee’s failure to pay all amounts due and owing 
under the Note on time, in accordance with its terms, in accordance with Section 9(iii) herein, then such 
Event of Default shall immediately constitute a material breach of the Franchise (as such term is defined in 
the Note), entitling McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies as set forth in the Franchise, 
including, but not limited to, the right to terminate the Franchise.  
 
In the case of all other Events of Default, McDonald’s may provide written notice to Franchisee of such 
Event of Default, and Franchisee shall, within sixty (60) days of receiving such written notice, obtain 
traditional financing and/or utilize cash to fully satisfy the outstanding balance on the Note from Lender 
and all OAP Amounts owed to McDonald’s.  Failure by Franchisee to fully satisfy the outstanding balance 
on the Note from Lender and all OAP Amounts due to McDonald’s within such 60-day period shall 
constitute a material breach of the Franchise, entitling McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies 
as set forth in the Franchise, including, but not limited to, the right to terminate the Franchise. 
 
The rights and remedies of McDonald’s stated above are in addition to all other rights and remedies 
available to McDonald’s at law or in equity, all of which shall be cumulative.  
 
11. Cross-Default.  Pursuant to the terms of the Note, a default under the Note is a material breach 
under the terms of the Franchise, entitling McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies as set forth 
in the Franchise. 
   
12. Termination of Franchise.  In the event that the Franchise is terminated for any reason during the 
term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall, within thirty (30) days of such termination, obtain traditional 
financing and/or utilize cash to fully satisfy the outstanding balance on the Note from Lender and all OAP 
Amounts owed to McDonald’s.     
 
