 
-27- 
training or participation.  Additionally, optional courses may be offered to you or your employees for a fee.  You 
are responsible for the costs of traveling, living, compensation, and other expenses incurred by you and your 
employees in connection with attendance at all ongoing training. 
 
In addition to HU and McDonald’s other designated training centers, McDonald’s occasionally may offer initial 
and ongoing training at temporary remote locations (such as hotel conference rooms) for the convenience of 
attendees.  These remote locations are not designated training centers, but you may attend them in lieu of 
designated training centers.  If you elect to attend training offered at a remote location, McDonald’s may require 
you to pay for the costs associated with that training. 
 
Before entering the training program, you must sign a Preliminary Agreement, which is attached to this disclosure 
document as Exhibit J.  The Preliminary Agreement contains the terms of our agreement, which allows you to 
participate in McDonald’s franchise applicant training program.  It states, among other things, that there is no 
guarantee that you will be offered a McDonald’s franchise, that McDonald’s may remove you from the training 
program for any reason or no reason at all, and you may withdraw from the training program at any time.  The 
Preliminary Agreement also states you will not be compensated during your training and will not be an employee 
of McDonald’s or any McDonald’s franchisee. 
 
The Candidate Development Program is described in the following tables and includes, but is not limited to: 
 
(1) 
Self-Study Modules and Coaching:  Self-directed modules and coaching provide initial training, 
practice, and verification.   
 
(2) 
Facilitated Courses:  Instructor-led training is supported and reinforced by facilitated courses that 
emphasize participant involvement. Interactive problem solving, small work group, and 
skill-building activities provide an opportunity to practice new skills and obtain feedback from 
peers and instructors. 
 
(3) 
Equipment Training:  Self-directed equipment training and instructor-led support is provided 
based on system needs. 
 
The recommended methods and time frames for training, practice, and verification have been determined to 
ensure that you receive the right training at the right time.  The training program table below generally describes 
the minimum classroom and in-restaurant training that you must complete to be considered qualified to operate a 
McDonald’s restaurant, but it can take longer.  Since the entire curriculum is skill-based, the time necessary to 
complete the training varies from individual to individual. 
 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-The-Job 
Training 
Location 
 Restaurant Learning Path 
 
 
 
Crew Development 
 
83 
Restaurant, self-study, 
coaching, e-learning 
Area Management 
 
60 
Restaurant, self-study, 
coaching, e-learning 
Shift Leader 
 
59 
Restaurant, self-study, 
coaching, e-learning 
 
Food Safety Training 
(ServSafe*) 
8 
Varies by State 
Classroom/Online 
Department Leader 
 
94 
Restaurant, self-study, 
coaching, e-learning 
