 
7 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
levy, or assessment. All fees and other amounts due Franchisor, or any affiliate thereof, under this 
Agreement, or any other agreement related to Franchisee’s ownership or operation of the Franchised 
Business, are stated in United States dollars, and must be paid in United States dollars. 
 
5. 
DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF THE CENTER 
 
5.1 
Initial Training Program by Franchisor.  Prior to the opening of the Franchised 
Business, Franchisor shall provide to Franchisee (or, in the case where Franchisee is a corporation 
or other legal entity, a principal or Designated Person (as defined herein) who has been approved in 
writing by Franchisor) and one (1) other key employee designated by Franchisee as the manager or 
assistant manager for the operation of the Franchised Business, a training course of such duration, 
content and at such location and in such format as Franchisor may deem necessary in its discretion, 
but not less than five (5) days, covering phases of the System as Franchisor deems necessary and 
may change from time to time.  Franchisee and its trainee shall be obligated to attend, and 
successfully complete, Franchisor’s training course to Franchisor’s satisfaction (“Initial Training 
Program”). Franchisee shall be responsible for all travel and living expenses and all 
wages/compensation payable to any trainees. Franchisor further agrees to furnish one (1) person, 
experienced in the System, to assist Franchisee at the Premises for such period immediately 
preceding or following the opening of the Franchised Business as Franchisor deems reasonable. 
Additional mandatory or optional training, start-up assistance or retraining or refresher courses may 
be provided by Franchisor (although Franchisor is not required to do “at a cost to Franchisee based 
on Franchisor’s then current fee, which may include a daily or hourly fee for Franchisor’s personnel 
performing such training or assistance, plus other reasonable expenses, including all travel, meal and 
accommodation expenses. Any additional training, startup assistance or retraining or refresher 
courses are subject to availability and shall be offered at Franchisor’s sole discretion.  Franchisee 
must also complete the basic THERA WELLNESS virtual training program. 
 
All required trainees must successfully complete the initial training before they may be 
involved in the operation of the Franchised Business. At least one of Franchisee’s required trainees 
must successfully complete the initial training before the Franchised Business may open or operate. 
Franchisor has the right in its reasonable discretion to determine whether a trainee has successfully 
completed the initial training.  If Franchisor concludes that a required trainee has failed to 
successfully complete the initial training, that person must re-enroll in Franchisor’s next scheduled 
applicable initial training program at the current fee as determined by Franchisor. Franchisor will 
have the right to terminate this Franchise Agreement if, following the initial training and re-
enrollment training, if any, none of Franchisee’s required trainees have successfully completed the 
initial training.  Scheduling of the initial training will be determined by Franchisor based on 
Franchisor’s schedule and facility availability for training.   
 
5.2 
Location of the Center. Within sixty (60) days of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement, Franchisee must identify, submit to Franchisor for approval, and obtain our approval of 
the location of the Franchised Site. Franchisor will have 15 days from receipt of all the requested 
information to approve or disapprove the location. Franchisor has the right to grant or withhold 
approval of any proposed location in its business judgment. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees 
that Franchisor’s consent to the location, and any information regarding the location communicated 
to Franchisee regarding the standard site selection criteria for Franchised Businesses, does not 
constitute a representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability of the 
location for a Business or for any other purpose. Franchisor’s recommendation of or consent to the 
location indicates only that Franchisor believes that the location falls within the acceptable criteria 
for locations that Franchisor has established as of the time of the consent to the location. Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee’s selection of the location is based on Franchisee’s own 
