- 7  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
C.  No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a felony charge 
or, within the 10 year period immediately preceding the application for registration, has been 
convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a civil 
action alleging: violation of a franchise, anti-fraud or securities law, fraud; embezzlement, 
fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property, unfair or deceptive practices; or 
comparable allegations. 
 
D.  No such party is subject to a currently effective injunction or restrictive order or decree relating 
to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade 
regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding 
brought by a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities 
association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 
1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association or exchange; or 
is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business 
activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department, including, without 
limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
 
 
3. 
The following is added to the end of Item 4:   
 
 
Neither the Franchisor, its affiliate, its predecessor, officers, or general partner during     
the 10 year period immediately before the date of the offering circular: (a) filed as a debtor (or 
had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a 
discharge of its debts under the bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or a 
general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to 
start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge of its debts under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 year after that officer or general partner of the 
franchisor held this position in the company or partnership. 
 
4. 
The following is added to the end of Item 5: 
 
The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as such 
in our discretion. 
 
5. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17 I titled 
“Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17 (m) entitled “Conditions for franchisor 
approval of transfer”: 
 
 However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action 
arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State 
of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this 
proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be 
satisfied. 
 
6. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled 
“Termination by Franchisee”: 
 
You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law. 
 
7. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), titled 
“Assignment of contract by franchisor”: 
