- 11  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
60% on Oberon purchases.  During the last fiscal year that ended on December 31, 2022, we derived $0 
from required purchases or leases by Franchisees.  That amount represented 0% of our total revenue which 
was $0.  
 
  
We may enter into purchasing arrangements with certain suppliers for the benefit of all AumBio 
Center Franchisees, but we are not required to do so.  If we enter into such arrangements, you may be 
required to purchase from those suppliers.   
 
Approval of Suppliers.  You may request that we approve certain suppliers that we have not 
previously approved and the goods and services they offer.  If you want us to give this approval: (i) you 
must submit a written request to us for approval, together with such samples, specifications, photographs, 
delivery terms and other information as we deem reasonably necessary; (ii) the proposed supplier must 
demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction that it is able to supply such goods and services to you in 
compliance with our specifications; and (iii) the proposed supplier must demonstrate to our reasonable 
satisfaction that it is in good standing in its relevant business community with respect to its financial 
soundness and integrity, and the reliability of the goods and services it offers.  We reserve the right to test, 
at your expense, the goods and services of any supplier that you ask that we approve, regardless of whether 
we approve or reject the supplier or the goods or services it offers.  We will give you written notice of our 
approval or disapproval within thirty (30) days after you supply us with all the information that we need to 
evaluate the supplier and its goods or services.  If we revoke approval of any supplier or the goods or 
services it offers, we will give you written notice of the revocation.  We have the right to charge a fee of up 
to $500 to evaluate a supplier. 
 
 
We will base our specifications for suppliers and their goods and services on our experience and 
best judgment as to how to enhance the profits of the System and its Franchisees.  We evaluate the suppliers 
we approve for quality, reputation in the industry and standards by which they conduct business.  We may 
modify the list of our designated and approved suppliers and our specifications at any time.  We reserve the 
right to modify our specifications for what we deem to be in the best interest of the system.  We will provide 
you with a copy of our current specifications and criteria for supplier approval upon your request. 
 
 
We and our affiliates will derive income from your purchases to the extent that you purchase items 
from us or our affiliates, as applicable.  In addition, we may receive income from vendors based on vendor 
sales to our Franchisees.  During the last fiscal year ending on December 31, 2024, we did not derive any 
revenue from the sale of products to Franchisees.  We will have the right to retain those rebates.   
 
 
We estimate that your purchases from us or our designated sources will be approximately 50% to 
70% of your total initial investment (not including initial franchise fee) and approximately 5% to 20% of 
your ongoing expenses (not including royalties) in the operation of the franchised business; however, the 
initial amount will vary.  None of our officers own an interest in any supplier.   
 
 
There currently are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives in existence with respect to the 
franchised system.  We may periodically negotiate purchase arrangements for suppliers for the benefit of 
our Franchisees, and we anticipate establishing regional or national buying accounts with vendors who 
products meet our specifications.  We do not provide you any material benefits (such as renewal rights or 
the right to acquire additional franchises) based on your purchases from approved or designated suppliers. 
 
 
Insurance.  You must maintain certain insurance policies and coverages we specify. Insurance 
policies we specify will include comprehensive general liability insurance, fire and extended coverage 
insurance and automobile liable insurance.  You must also maintain any insurance required by law such as 
worker’s compensation insurance.  Under the Franchise Agreement you must obtain and maintain the 
following insurance: (1) general liability in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence, $2,000,000 aggregate 
