 
21 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
10.5  
Franchisor’s Control Over Advertising Materials. Franchisee must use only 
advertising and marketing materials that Franchisor has provided to Franchisee or that Franchisor 
has approved in advance.  In the event Franchisee desires to use advertising and marketing materials 
that Franchisor has provided to Franchisee; Franchisee must submit to Franchisor a description of 
the media in which Franchisee proposes to use them for Franchisor’s consent prior to such use.  
Franchisor will have ten (10) days in which to approve or disapprove the use of such materials in the 
media proposed. If Franchisor does not approve the use of such materials within ten (10) days after 
Franchisor receives them from Franchisee, they will be deemed not approved.  In the event 
Franchisee desires to use advertising and marketing materials that Franchisor has not provided, 
Franchisee must submit such advertising and promotional materials, together with a description of 
the media in which Franchisee proposes to use them, to Franchisor for Franchisor’s review prior to 
such use. Franchisor will have ten (10) days in which to approve or disapprove such materials and 
their use in the media proposed. If Franchisor does not approve the use of such materials or media 
within ten (10) days after we receive them from you, they will be deemed not approved.  All 
advertising must prominently display the Licensed Marks and must comply with any standards for 
use of the Licensed Marks Franchisor establishes as set forth in the Operations Manual or otherwise 
in writing. Franchisor may require Franchisee to discontinue the use of any advertising or marketing 
material, within time frames prescribed by Franchisor, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that all advertising materials provided by Franchisor on behalf 
of the System are protected by copyright and are Franchisor’s exclusive property. 
 
11. 
MODIFICATIONS. 
 
  
11.1   Modifications to the System.  Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may modify all or any 
part of the System to adapt to changes in the marketplace, economic conditions, business conditions, 
the law, the demands of consumers, Franchisor’s business needs, and the needs of the System.  
Franchisee further agrees that such modifications may include additions to, deletions from, or 
modifications to the products and services Franchisee offers for sale or delivers through the Center; 
modifications to any or all of the rules, guidelines, standards, specifications, plans, programs, 
methods, techniques, and procedures related to the Center; and additions, deletions, from, and 
modifications of the Marks.  Franchisee agrees that it expects Franchisor to change the System and 
warrants, covenants, and agrees to comply with all rules, guidelines, standards, specifications, plans, 
programs, methods, techniques, procedures and Confidential Operations Manual, related to the 
System, as we add to, delete from, and modify any or all of them from time to time, and with this 
Agreement. Franchisor agrees that such additions to, deletions from, and modifications of such rules, 
guidelines, standards, specifications, plans, programs, methods, techniques, procedures, and 
Confidential Operations Manual, will not materially and unreasonably increase Franchisee’s 
obligations set forth in this Agreement. Franchisor reserves the right to change or modify the 
Licensed Marks. Franchisor may adopt and use new or modified trade names, trademarks, service 
marks, logos, equipment, software, products, techniques, or concepts. Franchisor may add new and 
different services and products and withdraw services or products or change their names or image; 
redesign the trade dress, software programs and equipment or fixture standards; or discontinue them 
as Franchisor considers appropriate. Franchisee must accept and use the changes as if they were part 
of this Agreement. If changes are related to the Licensed Marks, then Franchisee will have one 
hundred twenty (120) days from the date of notice to implement any such changes under this Section  
 
 
11.2     Test Marketing. If Franchisor permits Franchisee to participate in any new service or 
product concept test, Franchisee agrees to do so in compliance with Franchisor’s standards and 
requirements. 
 
