- 19  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
Advertising Fee may be used to create and maintain one or more pages on our website devoted to 
advertising franchise opportunities and identifying and screening inquiries submitted by franchise 
candidates. 
 
 
We do not currently have an advertising council composed of Franchisees that advises us on 
advertising policies. 
 
Our Control Over Your Advertising 
 
  
To promote a standard and professional marketing approach to the public, you may only use 
advertising and marketing materials that we have provided to you or that we have approved in advance.  All 
advertising materials that we provide to you to promote your Franchised Business and the System generally 
are our property and we claim copyright protection over them.  We have the right to approve any advertising 
and marketing materials that you propose to use that we have not provided or supplied to you.  We will 
have 10 days to approve or disapprove the use of our materials in the media you propose.  If we have not 
approved the use of the materials within 10 days, they are deemed not approved. (Franchise Agreement – 
Section 10.5) 
 
Computer and Cash Register Requirements 
 
 
You must acquire and use all computer systems that we prescribe for use by our Franchisees and 
may not use any computer system, components, or software applications that do not conform to the 
Standards or that we have not approved in writing.  Requirements may include, among other things, hook 
up to remote service, off-site electronic depositories, and Internet connections.  We may require you to 
update or upgrade computer hardware components and/or software applications as we deem necessary, but 
not more than three (3) times per calendar year.  You must enter into all software license agreements and 
software maintenance agreements, in the form and manner we prescribe, and pay all fees charged by third-
party software and software service providers.  At our request, you must sign or consent to a “terms of use” 
agreement with respect to all software applications that we designate.  There are no limitations on our right 
to independently access from a remote location, at any time, all information in put to and compiled by your 
computer system or an off-site server, including information concerning sales, purchase orders, inventory, 
and expenditures. 
 
 
We do not currently require you to use proprietary software that we or our affiliates have developed.  
We require you to purchase or lease the software we designate from the approved software provider.  You 
may purchase the computer hardware from any vendor you choose.   We estimate the price for the computer 
hardware and software to be between $3,000 and $5,000. 
 
 
You are required to have sufficient speed and high availability internet connection.  
 
 
You may purchase all software and hardware from the vendor of your choice, but we reserve the 
right to require you to deal only with vendors approved by us, which may be limited to us and/or our 
affiliates. 
 
 
There are no contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of upgrades and/or updates to the 
systems or programs other than those described in Item 8 above.  We estimate that the cost of any optional 
or required maintenance, updating, upgrading or support contracts for the computer system will not exceed 
$1,000 per year.  We or any of our affiliates are not required to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, 
upgrades, or updates to your computer system.  
 
