 
- 2 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
2.3 
Appointment: Power of Attorney. Franchisee hereby constitutes and appoints 
Franchisor and any officer or agent of Franchisor, for Franchisor’s benefit under the Franchise 
Agreement and this Telephone Listing Agreement or otherwise, with full power of substitution, as 
Franchisee’s true and  lawful attorney-in-fact with full power and authority in Franchisee’s place and 
stead, and in Franchisee’s name or the name of any affiliated person or affiliated company of 
Franchisee, on Termination of the Franchise Agreement, to take any and all appropriate action and 
to execute and deliver any and all documents that may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the 
purposes of this Telephone Listing Agreement. Franchisee further agrees that this appointment 
constitutes a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until Franchisee has satisfied all of its 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement and any and all other agreements to which Franchisee 
and any of its affiliates on the one hand, and Franchisor and any of its affiliates on the other, are 
parties, including, without limitation, this Telephone Listing Agreement. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, Franchisee hereby grants to Franchisor the power and right to do the 
following: 
 
(i) 
Direct the Telephone Companies to transfer all Franchisee’s Interest in and to the 
Telephone Numbers and Listings to Franchisor; 
 
(ii) 
Direct the Telephone Companies to terminate any or all of the Telephone Numbers 
and Listings; and 
 
(a) 
Execute the Telephone Companies’ standard assignment forms or other 
documents in order.to affect such transfer or termination of Franchisee’s Interest. 
 
(b) 
Certification of Termination. Franchisee hereby directs the Telephone 
Companies that they shall accept, as conclusive proof of Termination of the 
Franchise Agreement, Franchisor’s written statement, signed by an officer or agent 
of Franchisor, that the Franchise Agreement has terminated. 
 
(c) 
Cessation of Obligations. After the Telephone Companies have duly 
transferred all Franchisee's Interest in such Telephone Numbers and Listings to 
Franchisor, as between Franchisee and Franchisor, Franchisee will have no further 
Interest in, or obligations under, such Telephone Numbers and Listings. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee will remain liable to each and all of the 
Telephone Companies for the sums Franchisee is obligated to pay such Telephone 
Companies for obligations Franchisee incurred before the date Franchisor duly 
accepted the transfer of such Interest, or for any other obligations not subject to the 
Franchise Agreement or this Telephone Listing Agreement. 
 
3.         MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 
3.1 
Release. Franchisee hereby releases, remises, acquits, and forever discharges  each 
and  all of the Telephone Companies and each and all of their parent corporations, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, and agents, and the successors and assigns of 
any of them, from any and all rights, demands, claims, damage, losses, costs, expenses, actions, and 
causes of action whatsoever, whether in tort or in contract, at law or in equity, known or unknown, 
contingent or fixed, suspected or unsuspected, arising out of, asserted in, assertible in, or in any way 
related to this Telephone Listing Agreement. 
 
