- 17  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
Advertising Program 
 
 
All your advertising and marketing for your Franchised Business in any medium, including social 
media and mobile marketing, must be conducted in a dignified manner and must conform to the System 
and to our standards.  All advertising that you propose to use must be approved by us before you use those 
materials.  We may disapprove any advertising or marketing materials you use or propose to use without 
liability to you for any costs incurred by you to produce those materials.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 
10.5) Our review of the advertising is for compliance with brand standards and proper use of the Marks.  It 
is always your obligation to make sure that the materials you use complies with applicable law including 
staying within the limitations of the FDA’s compliance policy for General Wellness Products which policy 
includes the avoidance of making any medical or disease claims, as they pertain to the various therapy 
devices including the THERA WELLNESS therapy device.   
 
Market Introduction Marketing  
 
You must conduct grand opening marketing and promotions in your Territory.  Your grand opening 
expenditures must be a minimum of $5,000.  The grand opening expenditure is considered part of your 
required monthly local marketing expenditure.  (Franchise Agreement Section 10.1) 
 
Local Advertising    
 
Other than the Grand Opening Advertising expenditures outlined above, you are required, to spend 
a minimum of $1,500 of per month for local advertising or marketing in your Territory.  (Franchise 
Agreement Section 10.2) 
 
Advertising Cooperatives 
 
 
 
There currently is no Advertising Cooperative in place for the franchise system, nor do we have 
the authority to form an Advertising Cooperative or to require you to contribute to or participate in an 
Advertising Cooperative. 
 
Internet Activities 
 
 
We will establish and maintain a website that provides information about the System, and we will 
have sole discretion and control over it.  We also have the sole right to create interior pages on our website(s) 
that contain information about your business and other franchised and Company owned locations.   
 
 
You may not establish or maintain a separate website, splash page or other presence on the Internet 
through any internet or social networking site in connection with the operation of your Business, including, 
Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, Google+, Twitter or YouTube, that uses any variation of the 
Marks or references the System only in accordance with our System standards and with our prior approval.  
We will have sole control over the establishment and maintenance of any social networking sites for your 
Franchised Business.  You are not permitted to use any Mark in any domain name that is not provided or 
pre-approved by us.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 10.4) 
 
 
 
Brand Fund 
 
 
 
You must contribute 1% of your Gross Revenues to the Brand Fund (“Fund”) (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 10.3)  All franchisees will contribute at the same rate.  Franchisor or affiliate-owned 
businesses are not required to contribute to the Brand Fund. 
