 
- 5 - 
AumBio  FDD2025v1 
to the breaching party (except that if the failure to comply is third failure with any provision of any 
agreement that you or any of your affiliates have with us or an affiliate of ours within twelve (12) 
consecutive months, then we need not provide any opportunity to cure the default), or (x) we have delivered 
to you or any of your affiliates a notice of termination of a Franchise Agreement in accordance with its 
terms and conditions. 
 
 
11. 
RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF PARTIES UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
 
 
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted to you will automatically 
terminate and all remaining rights granted to you to develop Centers under this Agreement will 
automatically be revoked and will be null and void.  You will not be entitled to any refund of any fees. 
 
 
12. 
OWNERSHIP OF DEVELOPER 
 
 
Attached as Schedule “C” is a description of the legal organization of Developer (whether a 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership or otherwise), the names and addresses of each person 
or entity owning an interest in Developer, and the percentage of such interest owned by such person or 
entity.  Developer agrees to notify Franchisor in writing whenever there is any change in the organizational 
structure or ownership interest of Developer. 
 
 
13. 
COST OF ENFORCEMENT  
If either party institutes or prevails entirely or in part in any action at law or in equity against the 
other party based entirely or in part on the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to 
recover from the losing party, in addition to any judgment, reasonable attorney's fees, court costs and all 
the prevailing party’s expenses in connection with any action at law 
 
 
14. 
 NO WAIVER  
No failure, forbearance, neglect, or delay of any kind on the part of Franchisor for with the 
enforcement or exercise of any rights under this Agreement will affect or diminish Franchisor’s right to 
strictly enforce and take full benefit of each provision of this Agreement at any time, whether at law for 
damages, in equity for injunctive relief or specific performance, or otherwise. No custom, usage, or practice 
with regard to this Agreement by you, Franchisor or other Developers will preclude the strict enforcement 
of this Agreement in accordance with its literal terms. No waiver by Franchisor of performance of any 
provision of this Agreement will constitute or be implied as a waiver of Franchisor’s right to enforce that 
provision at any future time.  
 
 
15. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT  
 
This Agreement and all Exhibits constitute the entire understanding and agreement between you 
and Franchisor related to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior understandings, whether oral 
or written, pertaining to this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that no claims, representations or 
warranty of earnings, sales, profits, or success of the Centers to be developed hereunder have been made to 
you other than those set out in Item 19 of the Franchise Disclosure Document.  No interpretation, change, 
termination, or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent or approval under this 
Agreement, will be effective or binding upon you or Franchisor unless in writing signed by you and 
Franchisor, except that a waiver needs to be signed only by the party waiving. Nothing in this Agreement or 
in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document that we furnished to you. 
 
