- 8  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith and judgment of 
the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
8. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice 
of forum”, and Item 17(w) titled “Choice of law”: 
 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the 
franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New 
York. 
 
FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
1. 
Item 5 of the Disclosure Document is amended by the addition of the following language to the 
original language: 
Refund and cancellation provisions will be inapplicable to franchises operating under North Dakota 
Law, North Dakota Century Code Annotated Chapter 51-19, Sections 51-19-01 through 51-19-17.  
If franchisor elects to cancel this Franchise Agreement, franchisor will be entitled to a reasonable 
fee for its evaluation of you and related preparatory work performed and expenses actually incurred. 
2. 
Item 6 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
No consent to termination or liquidated damages shall be required from Franchisees in the State of 
North Dakota. 
3. 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
No general release shall be required as a condition of renewal, termination and/or transfer that is 
intended to exclude claims arising under North Dakota Law. 
In the case of any enforcement action, the prevailing party is entitled to recover all costs and 
expenses including attorneys’ fees. 
The Franchise Agreement is amended to state that the statute of limitations under North Dakota 
Law will apply. 
Items 17(i) and 17(q) are amended to state that covenants not to compete upon termination or 
expiration of the Franchise Agreement are generally unenforceable in the State of North Dakota 
except in limited instances as provided by law. 
Item 17(v) is amended to state a provision requiring litigation to be conducted in a forum other than 
North Dakota is void with respect to claims under North Dakota Law. 
Item 17(w) is amended to state in the event of a conflict of laws, North Dakota Law will control. 
FOR THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
