 
40 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
23.4  
Non-uniform Agreements. No warranty or representation is made by Franchisor that 
all other agreements with AumBio  franchisees heretofore or hereafter issued by Franchisor do or 
will contain terms substantially similar to those contained in this Agreement. Further, Franchisee 
recognizes and agrees that Franchisor may, due to local business conditions or otherwise, waive or 
modify comparable provisions of other franchise agreements granted to other AumBio  franchisees 
in a non-uniform manner, subject, however, to those provisions of this Agreement which require 
Franchisor to act toward its franchisees and franchise owners on a reasonably nondiscriminatory 
basis. 
 
24.   
NOTICES 
 
All written notices, consents, approvals, authorizations, and reports, permitted or required to be 
delivered by this Agreement or the Manual will be deemed to be delivered: 
 
1. 
at the time delivered by hand; 
2. 
at the time delivered electronically; 
3. 
one (1) business day after being placed in the hands of a nationally recognized 
commercial courier service for next business day delivery; or 
4. 
three (3) business days after placement in the U.S. Mail. 
 
Notices to Franchisee must be addressed to it at the address Schedule A to this Agreement. Notices 
to Franchisor must be addressed to Franchisor at: 1645 Hicks Rd., Unit C, Rolling Meadows, IL 
60008, Attention: Chief Executive Officer. 
 
25.   
GOVERNING LAW 
 
All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Sections 
1 et seq.). Except to the extent governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, the United States Trademark 
Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 1051 et seq.) or other federal law, this Agreement, the 
franchise, and all claims arising from the relationship between Franchisor and Franchisee (and/or 
any of our affiliates) and Franchisee will be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, without 
regard to its conflicts of laws rule.  This Agreement will become a valid and enforceable contract 
when we accept it and sign it in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. Franchisee and Franchisor expressly 
agree that this Agreement has been made in the State of Illinois, that substantially all performance of 
the obligations hereunder has been and will be rendered in the State of Illinois, and that there is a 
regular stream of business activity between Franchisee and franchisor from and into the State of 
Illinois.  
 
26.   
SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION 
 
26.1  
Severability.   Should any provision of this Agreement be for any reason held invalid, 
illegal, or unenforceable, such provision will be deemed restricted in application to the extent required 
to render it valid, and the remainder of this Agreement will in no way be affected and will remain 
valid and enforceable for all purposes, both parties hereto declaring that they would have executed 
this Agreement without inclusion of such provision. In the event such total or partial invalidity or 
unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement exists only with respect to the laws of a 
particular jurisdiction, this Article 26 will operate upon such provision only to the extent that the 
laws of such jurisdiction are applicable to such provision. Each party agrees to execute and deliver 
to the other any further documents which may be reasonably required to effectuate fully the 
provisions hereof. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that Franchisor will have the right to 
