- 20  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
You must establish and maintain, at your own expense, a sales accounting, record keeping and 
records retention system conforming to the requirements set by us.  We require that each transaction relating 
to your Center be processed on a computer system specified by, and fully accessible to us.   
 
 
Site Selection and Opening 
 
 
You must locate a site for the Center within 60 days from the date of the Franchise Agreement.  We 
will review your proposed site and either approve or disapprove it within 15 days of the time you submit to 
us all information concerning the proposed site that we require. (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.1) You 
must submit to us a form of the lease to be executed to obtain our written approval of the proposed site.  
The criteria that we use to evaluate the selected site include available parking, visibility, demographics, and 
local competition.  A typical length of time between the signing of a Franchise Agreement and the opening 
of the franchise business is 30 to 120 days.  Factors affecting this range include site availability, lease or 
purchase negotiations and construction time.  We can terminate the Franchise Agreement if you fail to open 
the Center for business within 4 months from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement.  (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 5.5). 
 
 
We will not directly assist you in selecting your site. We must approve your proposed site. Our 
approval of your selected site is not a representation or warranty that you will be successful in the location 
that we have approved.  You must provide us with such information as we may request concerning your 
proposed site.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.2). 
 
 
Franchisor will approve proposed sites for future/additional units under a Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement using its then-current site criteria. 
 
 
Your lease must provide, in a form satisfactory to us, that the lessor will: (i) provide to us written 
notice of any of your defaults relating to the lease; (ii) grant us a thirty (30) day right to cure your default 
after we receive notice; (iii) permit us to exercise an option to assume your obligations under the lease or 
to place another Franchisee or other party as we may designate in the premises and assume your obligations 
as lessee under the lease (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.3). 
 
 
You may not open your Center for business until you have fully complied with your obligations 
under the Confidential Operations Manual and we have certified that you are ready to open (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 5.5). 
 
 
Upgrades and Renovations to the Franchised Business 
 
 
You must maintain your Center in a clean, up to date manner to promote the goodwill associated 
with the Marks and other AumBio Centers.  We have the right to require you to upgrade the appearance 
and equipment in your Center on a periodic basis as outlined in the Confidential Operations Manual.  In 
addition to renovations, you are required to always maintain and operate your Center in compliance with 
our standards as set forth in the Franchise Agreement and the Manual. 
 
 
You will not be required to renovate your Center more than once every 5 years and the cost shall 
not exceed $5,000 every 5 years.  You must, however, renovate as may be required as a condition of our 
approval to renew or transfer the Franchise.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 5.6 (ii)). 
 
 
All renovations to your Center will be at your expense.  You must submit to us in advance of 
beginning any renovations to your Center, detailed plans, and specifications for our approval.  You must 
