 
8 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
independent investigation of the suitability of the location and that Franchisor’s approval is not a 
guarantee or promise of success. Franchisor shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to 
Franchisee’s proposed location.  If the Parties cannot agree on a mutually acceptable location for the 
Center within one hundred twenty (120) days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Franchisor 
may terminate the Agreement. Franchisor will, however, consider granting reasonable extensions of 
time if it reasonably believes Franchisee is acting diligently to secure an acceptable site for the 
Center.  Franchisee agrees to use the Franchised Site solely for the operation of the Center in the 
manner and pursuant to the standards prescribed herein, in the Operations Manual or otherwise in 
writing, and to refrain from using or permitting the use of the Franchised Site for any other purpose 
or activity at any time. 
 
 
5.3 
Lease of the Premises.  Franchisee must purchase or lease the location within sixty 
(60) days after signing this Agreement. Failure to sign a lease within this timeframe constitutes 
grounds for immediate termination of this Agreement and the loss of Franchisee’s nonrefundable 
Initial Franchise Fee. Franchisor has the right, but not the obligation, to review and approve the terms 
of any lease or purchase contract for the location, and Franchisee agrees to deliver a copy to 
Franchisor for approval before it is signed. Franchisee agrees that any lease for the location must be 
in form and substance satisfactory to Franchisor and “must include all of the following provisions: 
(i) Franchisor’s right to, at its option, cure Franchisee’s default under the lease; (ii) Franchisor’s right 
to, at its option, to assume the lease in the event of Franchisee’s default under the lease; (iii) the 
landlord’s obligation to provide Franchisor with notice of Franchisee’s default under the lease; (iv) 
Franchisor’s right to enter the leased premises without landlord’s interference; and (v) the landlord’s 
consent to Franchisee and Franchisor to take the necessary action to comply with post-termination 
obligations under this Agreement and to exercise post-termination rights hereunder. 
 
 
Franchisee may not execute a lease, sublease, purchase contract or any modification thereof 
without Franchisor’s approval. Franchisor’s approval of the lease, sublease or purchase contract does 
not constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to its fairness or 
suitability or as to Franchisee’s ability to comply with its terms. Franchisor does not, by virtue of 
approving the lease, sublease, or purchase contract, assume any liability or responsibility to 
Franchisee or to any third parties. Such approval indicates only that Franchisor believes that the 
location and certain terms of the lease, sublease or purchase contract fall within the acceptable criteria 
established as of the time of approval. Franchisee further acknowledges that Franchisor has advised 
Franchisee to seek legal counsel to review and evaluate the lease. Franchisee must deliver a copy of 
the fully signed lease, sublease, or purchase contract to Franchisor within 10 days after its execution. 
 
 
5.4  
Relocation of the Center.  Franchisee will not relocate its Center without 
Franchisor’s prior written consent.  If Franchisor approves Franchisee’s request for relocation, 
Franchisee will bear all expenses associated with the relocation of the Center.  Franchisee is 
responsible for complying with all provisions of this Agreement including but not limited to all 
provisions regarding execution of a new lease, sublease, purchase contract. 
 
 
5.5 
Center Development and Opening.  Franchisee is responsible for developing its 
Center.  Franchisor will provide Franchisee with assistance and guidance on the design of the Center, 
including décor and layout, ordering of equipment and your initial inventory of supplies.  Franchisee 
is obligated to have prepared all required construction plans and specifications to suit the shape and 
dimensions of the Premises and to ensure that such plans and specifications comply with applicable 
ordinances, building codes and permit requirements and with lease requirements and restrictions.  
Franchisee may not open for business until Franchisor has certified that Franchisee is in full 
compliance with the System.  Franchisee must open the Center within one hundred-twenty (120) 
days of the execution of this Agreement, or we have the right to terminate this Agreement. 
