 
- 6 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
irrevocably accepts and submits to, generally and unconditionally, the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
such state or federal court having jurisdiction over the subject matter and hereby waive all defenses 
based on jurisdiction, venue, or forum non conveniens. 
11.3 
Waiver of Trial By Jury.  I hereby waive trial by jury in any litigation arising out 
of or related to this Agreement. 
11.4 
Attorneys’ Fees.  In the event of any dispute or litigation arising out of or related 
to this Agreement, including without limitation any dispute or litigation arising out of or related to the 
making of this Agreement, Owner will pay Franchisee and Franchisor, on demand, their costs, including 
without limitation their reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, and further including without limitation 
their reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of appeal, and further including without limitation their 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of collection, so that they actually receive such amounts by the end 
of ten (10) days after they demand payment.  In the event of any default under this Agreement, Owner 
will pay Franchisee and Franchisor, on demand, their costs arising out of or related to such default, 
including without limitation their reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, and further including without 
limitation their reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of collection, so that they actually receive such 
amounts by the end of ten (10) days after they demand payment. 
12. Miscellaneous. 
12.1 
Construe In Favor of Enforcement.  In the event of any dispute, litigation, or like 
event or occurrence arising out of or related to my obligations set forth in this Agreement or arising out 
of or related to the matters set forth in this Agreement, Owner hereby directs any third party construing 
this Agreement, including without limitation any court, mediator, master, or other party acting as trier 
of fact or law, to construe the provisions of the Covenants contained herein broadly in favor of 
enforcement. 
12.2 
Merger; Entire Agreement, Compliance.  This Agreement sets forth the entire 
agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor on the one hand, and Owner on the other hand, fully 
superseding any and all prior negotiations, agreements, representations, or understandings, whether oral 
or written, related to the subject matter of this Agreement.  Owner hereby expressly affirms that there 
are no oral or written agreements, “side-deals,” arrangements, or understandings between Franchisee 
or Franchisor on the one hand, and Owner on the other hand, except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement.  No course of dealing, whether occurring before or after the date Owner signed this 
Agreement, shall operate to amend, terminate, or waive any express written provision of this 
Agreement. 
12.3 
Partial Invalidity.  If any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or 
unenforceable, such provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and 
enforceable; and if it cannot be so modified, then severed.  The balance of this Agreement shall remain 
in full force and effect, and Owner agrees that it would have signed it as so modified. 
12.4 
Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding on the parties, their 
personal representatives, successors, heirs, and assigns. 
 
 
(SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE) 
