 
15 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
business operations, and recognizing franchisees for their achievements.  Franchisee or Franchisee’s 
representative must attend the Convention and to pay Franchisor’s then-current registration fee.  If 
Franchisor charges a registration fee for the Annual Convention, Franchisee must pay the fee 
regardless of whether you attend.  All expenses, including Franchisee and Franchisee’s employees’ 
transportation to and from the Annual Convention, and lodging, meals, and salaries during the 
Annual Convention, are the responsibility of Franchisee. 
 
 
7.13  
Intellectual Property Belongs to Franchisor. If Franchisee, Franchisee’s employees, 
or principals develop any new concept, process or improvement in the operation or promotion of the 
Center or the System, Franchisee will promptly notify Franchisor and provide Franchisor with all 
necessary related information, without compensation. Any such concept, process, or improvement 
will become Franchisor’s sole property and Franchisor will be the sole owner of all patents, patent 
applications, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights related thereto. Franchisee 
and Franchisee’s principals hereby assign to Franchisor any rights Franchisee may have or acquire 
therein, including the right to modify such concept, process, or improvement, and otherwise waive 
and/or release all rights of restraint and moral rights therein and thereto. Franchisee and Franchisee’s 
principals agree to assist Franchisor in obtaining and enforcing the intellectual property rights to any 
such concept, process or improvement in all countries and further agree to execute and provide 
Franchisor with all necessary documentation for obtaining and enforcing such rights. Franchisee and 
Franchisee’s principals hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Franchisor as Franchisee’s agent 
and attorney-in-fact to execute and file any such documentation and to do all other lawful acts to 
further the prosecution and issuance of patents or other intellectual property rights related to any such 
concept, process, or improvement. If the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.13 are found to be 
invalid or otherwise unenforceable, Franchisee and Franchisee’s principals hereby grant to 
Franchisor a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid license to use and sublicense the use of 
the concept, process, or improvement to the extent such use or sublicense would, absent this 
Agreement, directly or indirectly infringe Franchisee’s rights therein. 
 
 
7.14    Step In Rights.   In addition to Franchisor’s right to terminate this Agreement, and 
not in lieu of such right, or any other rights Franchisor may have against Franchisee, upon a failure 
to meet any of the requirements of this Article 7 or cure any default within the applicable time period 
(if any), Franchisor has the right, but not the obligation, to enter upon the premises of the Center and 
exercise complete authority with respect to the operation of the Center until such time as Franchisor 
determines that the default has been cured, and Franchisee is otherwise in compliance with this 
Agreement. In the event Franchisor exercises the rights described in this Section, Franchisee must 
reimburse Franchisor for all reasonable costs and overhead, if any, incurred in connection with its 
operation of Franchisee’s business including, without limitation, costs of personnel for supervising 
and staffing the Franchised Business and their travel and lodging accommodations, plus a fee not to 
exceed $500 per day. If Franchisor undertakes to operate the Center pursuant to this Section, 
Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold Franchisor (and Franchisor’s representative(s) and 
employees) harmless from and against any fines, claims, suits, or proceedings which may arise out 
of Franchisor’s operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
 
7.15    Computer and Electronic Cash Register Systems. Before you open your Center, you 
will obtain and install at your Center, at your sole cost and expense, all computer and electronic cash 
register hardware and software we require. You will use such computer and electronic cash register 
systems and software to record all your sales transactions, for your accounting and bookkeeping 
functions, for inventory control, for scheduling, for Internet communication and email, for extranet 
programs, and as we may otherwise specify. 
 
