 
- 3 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
2.3 
Non-Solicitation Covenant.  During the term of the Franchise Agreement and for a 
continuous period of two (2) years following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, 
Franchisee shall not on its own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit any client of 
Franchisee’s former franchised business for the purpose of providing services the same as or similar to 
those provided by AumBio franchised businesses. 
 
3. Ownership and Protection of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets. 
 
3.1 Ownership.  Owner acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor’s Confidential Information 
and Trade Secrets are and shall remain Franchisor’s sole and exclusive property and that: (i) they are 
expressly copyrighted by copyright notice and hence protected under the U.S. Copyright Act, or they 
are unpublished works nonetheless protected under the U.S. Copyright Act; (ii) they include 
Franchisor’s valuable confidential information and trade secrets; and (iii) Franchisor has made and will 
continue to make substantial investment in the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, which 
investment may be recouped only if Franchisor’s rights set forth in the provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement governing the protection of Franchisor’s intellectual property, Franchisor’s rights set forth 
in this Agreement, Franchisor’s rights established by law, and Franchisor’s other rights arising out of 
or related to Franchisor’s intellectual property, are honored. 
3.2 Acknowledgments.  Owner acknowledges and agrees that the Confidential Information and 
Trade Secrets are not, by definition, generally known in the trade; that they are beyond Owner’s present 
skill and experience; and that for Owner to develop such Confidential Information and Trade Secrets 
on its own would be expensive, time-consuming, and difficult.  Owner further acknowledges and agrees 
that the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets would, if disclosed to a third party or used by me 
in violation of this Agreement, provide the third party or me with an unfair competitive advantage, and 
that they would be economically valuable to the third party or me in the development of a competing 
business or otherwise. 
3.3 Protection.  In recognition, acknowledgment, and agreement with this Agreement, and in 
consideration of Franchisor’s grant of a AumBio Franchise to Franchisee, and in further consideration 
of the disclosure of the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets to me, Owner covenants, warrants, 
represents, and agrees that: 
3.3.1 
He/she will not, during the term of the Franchise Agreement: 
(i) appropriate or use any Confidential Information or Trade Secret for any purpose other than the 
operation of Franchisee’s franchised business; (ii) use any Confidential Information or Trade Secret at 
any place except Franchisee’s franchised business; (iii) disclose or reveal any portion of the 
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets to any person, other than to Franchisee’s directors, officers, 
owners, management employees, and others who have a legitimate business need to know of them in 
order to further the operation of Employer’s franchised business; or (iv) disclose any Confidential 
Information or Trade Secret to any other person or entity except as Franchisee or Franchisor expressly 
authorize. 
3.3.2 
He/she will not, for two (2) years after the termination or non-renewal of 
the Franchise Agreement: (i) appropriate or use any Confidential Information for any purpose; or 
(ii) disclose any Confidential Information to any other person or entity. 
3.3.3 
He/she will not, at any time after the termination or non-renewal of the 
Franchise Agreement: (i) appropriate or use any Trade Secret for any purpose; or (ii) disclose any Trade 
Secret to any other person or entity. 
