- 2  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under California Civil Code 
Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration.  The arbitration will occur at the forum 
indicated in Item 17 with the costs being borne by the non-prevailing party.  Prospective 
Franchisees are encouraged to consult legal counsel to determine the applicability of California and 
federal laws (including Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure 
Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of the Franchise Agreement 
restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California. 
5. 
Item 19 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
 
 
The earnings claims figures do not reflect the costs of sales, operating expensed or other costs or 
expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures to obtain your net income or 
profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses you  will 
incur 
in 
operating your franchised business. Franchisees or former Franchisees listed in the disclosure document 
may be one source of this information. 
 
The following URL address is for the franchisor’s website: 
www.AumBiocenter.com  
FRANCHISOR’S WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE 
CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATIONS. ANY COMPLAINTS CONCERNING 
THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION AT www.dfpi.ca.gov. 
FOR THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT 
1. 
Item 3 is amended to read as follows: 
Neither Franchisor nor any person identified in Items 1 or 2 above has any administrative, criminal 
or material civil action (or a significant number of civil actions irrespective of materiality) pending 
against him alleging a violation of any franchise law, fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, 
restraint of trade, unfair or deceptive practices, business opportunity law, securities law, 
misappropriation of property or comparable allegations. 
Neither Franchisor nor any other person identified in Items 1 or 2 above has during the ten (10) 
year period immediately preceding the date of this Disclosure Document, been convicted of a 
felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a felony charge or been held liable in any civil action by final 
judgment, or been the subject of any material complaint or other legal proceeding where a felony, 
civil action, complaint or other legal proceeding involved violation of any franchise law, fraud, 
embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, restraint of trade, unfair or deceptive practices, business 
opportunity law, securities law, misappropriation of property or comparable allegations or which 
was brought by a present or former purchaser-investor or which involves or involved the business 
opportunity relationship. 
Neither Franchisor nor any person identified in Items 1 or 2 above is subject to any currently 
effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to the franchise, or under any federal, 
state or Canadian franchise, securities, business opportunity, antitrust, trade regulation or trade 
practice law as a result of concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public agency, 
