 
- 2 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
 
2. Protection of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets. I acknowledge and agree that 
the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets are not, by definition, generally known in the 
trade; that they are beyond my present skill and experience; and that for me to develop such 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets on my own would be expensive, time consuming, 
and difficult. I further acknowledge and agree that the Confidential Information and Trade 
Secrets would, if disclosed to a third party or used by me in violation of this Agreement, provide 
the third party or me with a competitive advantage, and that they would be economically valuable 
to the third party or me in the development of a competing business or otherwise. Accordingly, 
in consideration of Employer’s or AumBio ’s disclosure of the Confidential Information and 
Trade Secrets to me, I covenant, warrant, and agree that: 
 
 
2.1 I will not, during the Term of this Agreement: (i) appropriate or use any Confidential 
Information or Trade Secret for any purpose other than at those designated by Employer, in 
furtherance of Employer’s business, and pursuant to Employer’s direction; (ii) use any 
Confidential Information or Trade Secret at any place except at Employer’s AumBio  Franchised 
Business; (iii) disclose or reveal any portion of the Confidential Information or Trade Secrets to 
any person, other than to Employer’s directors, officers, owners, management employees, or 
others who have a legitimate business need to know of them in order to further Employer’s 
business; or (iv) divulge or use any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets for the benefit of 
any other person or entity except as Employer or AumBio  expressly authorize. 
 
 
2.2 I will not, for two (2) years after the termination or expiration of my employment with 
Employer for any reason: (i) appropriate or use any Confidential Information for any purpose; 
or (ii) divulge or use any Confidential Information for the benefit of any other person or entity. 
 
 
2.3 I will not, at any time after the termination or expiration of my employment with Employer 
for any reason: (i) appropriate or use any Trade Secret for any purpose; or (ii) divulge or use any 
Trade Secret for the benefit of any other person or entity. 
 
 
2.4 I will not copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce any of the Confidential Information 
or Trade Secrets, in whole or in part; store such Confidential Information or Trade Secrets in a 
computer retrieval or data base; or otherwise make such Confidential Information or Trade 
Secrets available to any third party, except as set forth in this Agreement or as Employer or 
AumBio  specifically authorizes. 
 
 
2.5 I will make all reasonable efforts and take all reasonable precautions required to prevent 
unauthorized copying or disclosure of any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. 
 
 
2.6 On termination or expiration of my employment with Employer for any reason, or when I 
am no longer assigned to work with any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, I will 
promptly surrender to Employer all copies of any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets and 
any notes, memoranda, and like material concerning or derived from the Confidential 
Information or Trade Secrets. 
 
 
3.  Unfair Competition. I acknowledge and agree that: (i) any breach by me of Section 2 of 
this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to constitute unfair competition; and (ii) Sections 
1 and 2 of this Agreement are a reasonable effort under the circumstances to maintain the 
confidentiality of Employer’s or AumBio ’s Confidential Information and the secrecy of their 
Trade Secrets. 
