- 9  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
The Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, R.I. Gen. Law Ch. 395 Sec. 19-28.1-14 provides that 
a provision in a Franchise Agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state 
or requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise 
enforceable under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
Any general release as a condition of renewal, termination or transfer will be void with respect to 
claims under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA 
Please consider the following RISK FACTOR before you buy this franchise: 
THIS IS A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY WHICH ENTAILS ADDITIONAL RISK OF 
FINANCIAL LOSS. 
The following statements are added to Item 17: 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor 
to use undue influence to induce a Franchisee to surrender any right given to him under the 
franchise.  If any provisions of the Franchise Agreement involve the use of undue influence by 
Franchisor to induce a Franchisee to surrender any rights given to him under the franchise, that 
provision may not be enforceable. 
FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON 
Item 5 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
 
The Franchisee shall not be required to pay the Initial Franchise Fee until Franchisor has fulfilled 
its initial pre-opening obligations and the Franchisee is open for business. 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection 
Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW shall prevail. 
A general release or waiver of rights signed by you will not include rights under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act. 
Provisions that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the 
Act, rights or remedies under the Act including the right to a jury trial may not be enforceable. 
Transfer fees are collectable if they reflect our reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a 
transfer. 
The Franchise Agreement requires any litigation to be conducted in a state other than Washington; 
the requirement shall not limit any rights Franchisee may have under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act to bring suit in the State of Washington. 
In Any arbitration involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration site shall be either 
in the State of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration, or as 
determined by the arbitrator. 
