- 5  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
required by franchisor, if the procedures or products were utilized by Franchisee in the manner 
required by franchisor. 
3. 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) makes unlawful unilateral termination of a franchise unless there is a 
material violation of the Franchise Agreement and termination is not in bad faith. 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) prohibits a prospective general release of claims subject to the Indiana 
Deceptive Franchise Practices Law. 
Item 17(r) is amended subject to Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(9) to provide that the post-term non-
competition covenant shall have a geographical limitation of the territory granted to Franchisee. 
Item 17(v) is amended to provide that Franchisees will be permitted to commence litigation in 
Indiana for any cause of action under Indiana Law. 
Item 17(w) is amended to provide that in the event of a conflict of law, Indiana Law governs any 
cause of action that arises under the Indiana Disclosure Law or the Indiana Deceptive Franchise 
Practices Act. 
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
1. 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
Under the Maryland Franchise Registrations and Disclosure Law, Md. Code Ann. Bus. Reg. §14-
201 et seq., no general release shall be required as a condition of renewal, termination and/or 
transfer that is intended to exclude claims under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law. 
Any litigation between Franchisee and Franchisor may be instituted in any court of competent 
jurisdiction, including a court in the State of Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought 
within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
In the event of a conflict of laws if required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law, Maryland law shall prevail. 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq.). 
 
 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
1. 
Item 13 of the Disclosure Document is amended as follows: 
As required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.12(g), we will reimburse you 
for any costs incurred by you in the defense of your right to use the marks, so long as you were 
