 
18 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
immediately upon receiving notice thereof, tender such litigation to Franchisor to defend. Upon such 
tender, Franchisor will within ten (10) days of receipt thereof, notify the Franchisee of its election to 
defend and assume control of such litigation or to decline to defend or assume control of such 
litigation. In the event Franchisor elects to defend and control such litigation, Franchisor may, 
without the consent of the Franchisee, settle or compromise any such claims on such terms as the 
Franchisor, in its sole discretion may deem appropriate provided that any monetary settlement 
entered into without the consent of the Franchisee will be paid by the Franchisor. In the event 
Franchisor does not elect to defend and assume control of such litigation the Franchisee will not 
settle or otherwise compromise any such claim on any terms which are not first approved by the 
Franchisor. 
 
9.4 
The Franchisee shall not use the Marks or any part or form thereof as part of the 
Franchisee’s corporate or other legal name, or hold out or otherwise employ the Marks to perform 
any activity, or to incur any obligation or indebtedness, in such a manner that could reasonably result 
in making Franchisor responsible or liable therefore. The Franchisee shall display at the Center 
premises a prominently visible sign stating that the Franchisee’s business is independently owned by 
the Franchisee (stating the name of the Franchisee) and that the business is operated pursuant to a 
Franchise Agreement with the Franchisor. 
 
 
9.5 
In addition to all other obligations of the Franchisee with respect to the Marks 
licensed herein the Franchisee agrees: 
 
 
 
(i)  
To refrain from using any of the Marks, or any part or form thereof, in 
conjunction with any other word or symbol without the Franchisor’s prior written consent. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
To feature and use the Marks solely in the manner prescribed by Franchisor 
and not use the Marks on the Internet except as approved in writing by Franchisor. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
To observe all such requirements with respect to service mark, trademark 
and copyright notices, fictitious name registrations, and the display of the legal name or other 
identification of the Franchisee as Franchisor may direct in writing from time to time. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
To use, promote and offer for sale under the Marks only those products and 
services which meet the Franchisor’s prescribed standards and specifications, as they may be revised 
and amended by Franchisor from time to time. 
 
 
 
(v) 
To execute all documents requested by Franchisor or its counsel that are 
necessary to obtain protection for the Marks or to maintain their continued validity and 
enforceability, and to take no action that would jeopardize the validity or enforceability of such 
marks. In the event the Franchisee fails to execute and deliver such documents within ten (10) days 
from receipt of the request for such execution, the Franchisee hereby irrevocably appoints Franchisor 
as its attorney-in-fact to execute any and all such documents. 
 
10.  
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING 
 
 
10.1    Market Introduction Marketing Program. You must spend a minimum of Five 
Thousand ($5,000.00) Dollars for local advertising, opening promotion for your Center.  All 
advertisements proposed to be used in the Market Introduction campaign are subject to our review 
and approval in the manner set forth in this Article 10. 
 
 
10.2   Local Marketing and Promotion of the Center.  You must spend a minimum of One 
Thousand Five Hundred ($1,500.00) Dollars per month on local marketing during the Term of this 
