 
11 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
 
(vi)  
Provide such general advisory assistance and field support as we deem 
helpful to you, in our discretion, in the ongoing operation, advertising and promotion of your Center.  
 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Franchisor will conduct periodic inspections of the Center and periodic 
evaluation of the products and services rendered by the Franchisee.   Franchisor shall also have the 
right to inspect and audit any equipment to ensure it is in good operating condition. 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Provide Franchisee with access to advertising and promotional items and 
materials that Franchisor may develop for promotion of the System. Franchisor is not however, 
required to develop any advertising or promotional items or materials.  Franchisee will be required 
to purchase the advertising materials if Franchisor so directs and if Franchisee desires to use them, 
including all costs of shipping.   
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Use our reasonable efforts to maintain high standards of quality, appearance 
and professionalism and service of the Center.  
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Franchisor, at Franchisee’s request, may examine information or samples 
provided by Franchisee about products or services which are not approved by Franchisor, but which 
Franchisee would like to offer from your Center.  Franchisor may decide based on the information 
supplied by you and by information Franchisor might obtain somewhere else, whether to approve 
the product or service Franchisee has presented to Franchisor.  Franchisor will provide Franchisee 
with its approval or disapproval within 90 days of receiving Franchisee’s written request.  Franchisee 
must pay all our expenses in connection with any examination, testing or inspection.  
 
       
 
(xi)    
Provide additional mandatory and optional training on an as-needed basis 
for replacement Designees and on new products and services that we introduce into the System.  
 
       
 
(xii)   Franchisor shall provide at its own expense during the first week of the 
operation of the Center, one (1) representative who will be present at the Franchisee’s Center during 
normal business hours for five (5) days, to provide opening assistance and support in the operation 
of the Center. 
 
 
      
 
(xiii) 
Franchisee is solely responsible for determining the fees charged to clients 
for services offered at the Center; however, Franchisee is required to comply with any maximum or 
minimum resale pricing restrictions Franchisor may implement so long as such pricing does not 
violate applicable law.  Franchisee agrees to participate in any system-wide or regional promotion 
that Franchisor may run, and which promotion may impose temporary price or portion requirements 
on Franchisee.  Franchisee further agrees to participate in any customer loyalty card or gift card 
programs required by Franchisor. 
 
7. 
DUTIES OF THE FRANCHISEE 
 
       
7.1 
Fictitious Name.   Franchisee will file for and maintain a Fictitious Name registration 
for the Business as required by the state, county, city, or community where your Center is located, 
and will operate your Center, using the name “AUMBIO CENTER” as the Center’s principal name. 
Franchisee will, at its sole cost and expense, perform all filings and procure all required or necessary 
governmental approvals, permits, or registrations required to do business under such fictitious name, 
and you agree that you and your Franchised Business, including its Center, will be identified as a 
franchisee of Franchisor’s but not as our agent. Franchisee may not use the Marks, or any words or 
symbol confusingly similar thereto, as part of its entity name. 
 
