 
20 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor will not be acting as 
and shall not be charged with being or construed to be, a trustee, fiduciary, agent, or in any other 
special capacity in relation to the Brand Fund, to Franchisee or to any other contributor to the Brand 
Fund. 
 
 
10.4   Internet/World Wide Web/Websites.  As used in this Agreement, the term “Website” 
means an interactive electronic document, series of symbols, or otherwise, that is contained in a 
network of computers linked by communications software. The term Website includes, but is not 
limited to, Internet and World Wide Web home pages. No advertising or promotion by Franchisee 
shall be conducted on or through the Internet/world wide web or other electronic transmission via 
computer without express prior written approval by Franchisor, including all social media sites. 
Franchisee shall monitor and control its employees, so they make no social media postings using the 
Marks without obtaining Franchisor’s prior written approval. In connection with any Website, you 
agree to the following: 
 
 
 
(i) 
 We shall have the right, but not the obligation, to establish and maintain a 
Website, which may, without limitation, promote the System and any or all of the products offered 
at Centers.   We shall have the sole right to control all aspects of the Website, including without 
limitation its design, content, functionality, links to the websites of third parties, legal notices, and 
policies and terms of usage; we shall also have the right to discontinue operation of the Website. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
We shall have the right, but not the obligation, to designate one or more web 
page(s) to describe you and/or the Center, with such web page(s) to be located within our Website. 
You shall comply with our policies with respect to the creation, maintenance, and content of any 
such web pages; and we shall have the right to refuse to post and/or discontinue posting any content 
and/or the operation of any web page. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
You shall not establish a separate Website related to the Proprietary Marks 
or the System without our prior written approval (which we shall not be obligated to provide). If 
approved to establish such a Website, you shall comply with our policies, standards, and 
specifications with respect to the creation, maintenance, and content of any such Website. You 
specifically acknowledge and agree that any such Website owned or maintained by you or for your 
benefit shall be deemed “advertising” under this Agreement and will be subject to (among other 
things) our approval under this Article 9. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
We shall have the right to modify the provisions of this Section 10.4 relating 
to Websites as we shall solely determine is necessary or appropriate. 
 
 
 
(v) 
You understand and agree that you may not promote your Center or use any 
Proprietary Mark in any manner on social and/or networking Websites, including, but not limited to, 
Facebook, Linkedln, Instagram and Twitter, without our prior written consent. 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor is the lawful, rightful, and sole 
owner of the Internet domain name www.AumBiocenter.com and other Internet domain names 
registered by Franchisor, and unconditionally disclaims any ownership interest in those or any similar 
Internet domain name. Franchisee agrees not to register any Internet domain name in any class or 
category that contains words used in or similar to any brand name owned by Franchisor or 
Franchisor’s affiliates or any abbreviation, acronym, phonetic variation, or visual variation of those 
words. 
