- 27  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION OF 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SUMMARY 
(g) “Cause” defined – defaults 
16.2; 16.3 
We may terminate you for cause if you fail to cure certain defaults, 
including: if you or any of your affiliates fail to pay any monies owed 
to us, or our affiliates or vendors, and do not cure within 5 days after 
notice (or longer period required), fail to obtain signed 
confidentiality and non-competition covenants within 5 days of our 
request, fail to procure required insurance, if you are in default of 
your lease or sublease; lose possession of your Center; if you fail to 
open your Center within 120 days of the execution of the Franchise 
Agreement; if you breach or fail to perform any covenant, warranty, 
agreement or obligation of the Franchise Agreement that is not a non-
curable default; non-submission of reports, failure to obtain the 
Franchisor’s approval of any matter required by the Franchise 
Agreement; and the failure to operate the Center in accordance with 
the Operations Manual. 
  
(h) “Cause” defined – defaults which 
cannot be cured 
16.2 
Non-curable defaults include misrepresentation of material facts to 
us concerning your application; knowingly maintaining false books 
and records; failure to submit reports; failure to pay fees; 2 or more 
failing scores on health, quality, or safety inspections by us or 
governmental authorities within 12 months; if you sell unauthorized 
products or services; if you abandon the Center; conviction of a 
felony; abandonment; trademark misuse; violation of covenants; 
unapproved transfers, failure to complete initial training to our 
satisfaction, and repeated defaults (even if cured); committing fraud 
concerning the business; bankruptcy or insolvency; if you sell the 
sound-wave equipment at wholesale or retail.  In addition, a default 
under one agreement with us may result in a termination of all your 
other agreements with us. 
 
 
(i) Your obligations on 
termination/non-renewal  
Article 17; Article 18  Obligations include paying outstanding amounts; complete de-
identification, returning confidential information, canceling any 
assumed name registrations, cease to use any of our advertising 
materials, comply with all post-termination covenants. (see also (r) 
below).   
 
(j) Assignment of contract by us 
15.1 
No restriction on our right to assign.  We may assign without your 
approval.  No assignment will be granted except to an assignee who, 
in our good-faith judgment is able to assume our obligations. 
 
(k) “Transfer” by you-definition 
15.2 
Includes sale, assignment, conveyance, pledge, mortgage, or other 
encumbrance of any interest in the Franchise Agreement or the 
Center’s assets. 
 
(l) Our approval of transfer 
15.4 
No transfer without our prior written consent which we may not 
unreasonably withhold. 
 
 
 
