 
37 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that the following claims will not be subject 
to arbitration: (1) any action for declaratory or equitable relief, including, without limitation, seeking 
preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, other relief in the nature of equity 
to enjoin any harm or threat of harm to such party’s tangible or intangible property, brought at any 
time, including, without limitation, prior to or during the pendency of any arbitration proceedings 
initiated hereunder, and (2) any action in ejectment or for possession of any interest in real or personal 
property.” 
 
 
19.3  
Prior Notice of Claims. As a condition precedent to commencing an action for 
damages or for violation or breach of this Agreement, Franchisee must notify Franchisor within thirty 
(30) days after the discovery of the violation or breach and grant Franchisor reasonable opportunity 
to cure any alleged default.  Failure to timely give such notice will preclude any claim for damages. 
 
 
19.4  
Third Party Beneficiaries. Franchisor’s officers, directors, shareholders, agents 
and/or employees are express third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, each having authority to 
specifically enforce the right to mediate/arbitrate claims asserted against such person(s) by 
Franchisee.  
 
 
19.5  
No Right to Offset. Franchisee may not withhold all or any part of any payment to 
Franchisor or any of its affiliates on the grounds of Franchisor’s alleged nonperformance or as an 
offset against any amount Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s affiliates allegedly may owe Franchisee 
under this Agreement or any related agreements. 
 
 
19.6  
Venue. Nothing contained in this Agreement will prevent Franchisor or Franchisee 
from applying to and obtaining from any court having jurisdiction a writ of attachment, a temporary 
injunction, preliminary injunction and/or other emergency relief available to safeguard such party’s 
interests. In the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement or based upon the relationship 
between the parties, venue for any such litigation shall be any court of general jurisdiction the county 
of Cook, Illinois, or the United States District Court for the district in which Franchisor’s headquarters 
is located.  Franchisee hereby accepts and submits to, generally and unconditionally, for itself and 
with respect to its property, the jurisdiction of any such courts in any such action or proceeding and 
hereby waives, to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law defenses based on jurisdiction, 
venue, or forum non conveniens. The provisions of this Section 19.7 shall be self-executing and shall 
remain in full force and effect after the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Franchisee 
acknowledges that this Agreement has been entered into in the State of Illinois, and that Franchisee is 
to receive valuable and continuing services emanating from Franchisor’s headquarters, including but 
not limited to assistance, support, and the development of the System. 
 
 
19.7  
Waiver of Punitive Damages.  Franchisee hereby waives to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect, special, or 
consequential damages (including, without limitation, lost profits) against Franchisor arising out of 
any cause whatsoever (whether such cause be based in contract, negligence, strict liability, other tort 
or otherwise) and agrees that in the event of a dispute, Franchisee’s recovery is limited to actual 
damages. If any other term of this Agreement is found or determined to be unconscionable or 
unenforceable for any reason, the foregoing provisions will continue in full force and effect, 
including, without limitation, the waiver of any right to claim any consequential damages. 
 
 
19.8  
Jury Trial Waiver. WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING NOT 
SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE TRIAL BY 
JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR 
EQUITY, REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY BRINGS SUIT. THIS WAIVER WILL 
