- 26  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
You must maintain in all equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications and to the 
extent that we may authorize the sale of products, a sufficient supply for sale to your clients.  Your 
technicians must strictly comply with all protocols for the administration of all care as determined by us.  
You must not deviate from our standards and specifications without first obtaining our written consent. 
 
 
We reserve the right to determine the maximum and minimum prices for the services and products 
offered from your Center.  You must comply with the prices to be required by us, but we make no guarantees 
or warranties that offering the services or products at the required price will enhance your sales or profits.  
 
We do not impose any restrictions or conditions that limit your access to clients. 
 
 
ITEM 17. 
 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements.  You should read these provisions in the agreement in Exhibit C in this disclosure 
document. 
 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION OF 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SUMMARY 
(a) Term of the franchise 
2.1 
10 years from the date of the Franchise Agreement unless 
terminated earlier. 
 
(b) Renewal or extension of the term 
2.2 
If we are still franchising and you are in good standing, you may 
renew your franchise for two (2) additional five (5) year terms.  Upon 
the grant of a renewal franchise, you will sign our then current 
franchise agreement, which may be materially different. 
 
(c) Requirements for you to renew or 
extend 
2.2 (i) – (viii) 
Give us timely notice, sign new agreement, release, and other 
documents we use to grant franchises, and pay fee. 
 
(d) Termination by you 
16.1 
You may terminate the Franchise Agreement after giving us 60 
days’ notice of our default if we have not cured the default. 
 
(e) Termination by us without cause 
Not applicable 
We may not terminate you without cause. 
 
(f) Termination by us with cause 
16.2; 16.3 
Each of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement are 
material, the breach of which may result in termination. 
 
 
 
