 
23 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
12.4     Authorization of Us. 
 
 
You hereby authorize (and agree to execute any other documents deemed necessary to affect 
such authorization) all banks, financial institutions, businesses, suppliers, manufacturers, contractors, 
vendors and other persons or entities with which you do business to disclose to us any requested 
financial information in their possession relating to you or the Center. You authorize us to disclose 
data from your reports, if we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that such disclosure is 
necessary or advisable, which disclosure may include disclosure to prospective or existing 
franchisees or other third parties. 
 
 
12.5     We are Attorney-in-Fact. 
 
 
You hereby appoint us as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, 
for the sole purpose of obtaining any and all returns and reports filed by you with any state and/or 
federal taxing authority pertaining to the Franchised Business. This power of attorney shall survive 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
13.  
INSURANCE 
 
 
13.1   You shall procure from our designated vendor, upon execution of this Agreement, and 
shall maintain in full force and effect at all times during the term of this Agreement (and for such 
period thereafter as is necessary to provide the coverages required hereunder for events having 
occurred during the term of this Agreement) at your expense, an insurance policy or policies 
protecting you and us, our successors and assigns, our officers, directors, shareholders, partners, 
agents, representatives, independent contractors and employees of each of them against any demand 
or claim with respect to personal injury, death or property damage, or any loss, liability or expense 
whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in connection with the Center. 
 
 
13.2   Such policy or policies shall be written by a responsible, duly licensed carrier or 
carriers reasonably acceptable to us and shall include, at a minimum (except as additional coverages 
and higher policy limits may reasonably be specified by us from time to time), in accordance with 
standards and specifications set forth in writing, the following: 
 
 
 
(i) 
General and professional liability in the amount of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000) per occurrence, Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) aggregate limit. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
“All Risks” coverage for the full cost of replacement of the Center premises 
and all other property in which Franchisor may have an interest with no coinsurance clause for the 
premises. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
 Business Interruption insurance in a sufficient amount to cover profit 
margins, maintenance of competent and desirable personnel and fixed expenses for a period of at 
least ninety (90) days. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Worker’s compensation insurance in amounts provided by applicable law 
(but not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) per occurrence) or, if permissible under 
applicable law, a legally appropriate alternative providing substantially similar compensation for 
injured workers reasonably satisfactory to us. 
 
