 
4 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
3.       LOCATION OF FRANCHISED CENTER AND TERRITORY 
 
3.1  
Franchised Site.  The rights granted to Franchisee hereunder shall be non-exclusive 
and shall be restricted to the operation of a single Center at a location set forth in Schedule “A” (the 
“Franchised Site”).  During the term of this Agreement, the Franchised Site shall be used exclusively 
to operate a Center.  In connection with the execution of any lease or sublease for the Franchised 
Site, Franchisee must execute and cause the Landlord to execute the Lease Addendum attached to 
this Agreement as Schedule “B”.  The rights granted to Franchisee are for the specific Franchised 
Site and cannot be transferred to any other location without Franchisor’s prior written consent. 
 
 
3.2 
Territorial Protection.  So long as Franchisee, its Affiliates, and Principals are in full 
compliance with this Agreement, and all other agreements between Franchisee, its affiliates, and 
Principals and Franchisor, Franchisor will not establish for itself, operate, or grant a franchise to any 
other party to establish a Center within the territory specified on Schedule “A” attached hereto (the 
“Territory”).  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any disagreement arises regarding 
the area comprising the Territory, then the Franchisor’s decision as to the definition of the Territory 
shall be final and binding.   
 
 
 
3.3 
Rights Reserved by Franchisor. Franchisor and its affiliates retain all rights with 
respect to, the System, and the Marks, to establish and operate, and to grant to others, all without 
compensation to you, including but not limited to:  
 
 
 
(i) 
the right to establish or grant others the right to establish Centers providing 
similar products or services under the Marks or different trademarks outside the Territory; 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the right to offer and sell any products and permit others to offer and sell 
any products under the Marks or any other trademarks through other channels of distribution; 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the right to develop, use, and franchise anywhere (including within the 
Territory, the rights to any trade names, trademarks, service marks, commercial symbols, emblems, 
signs, slogans, insignia, patents, or copyrights not designated by Franchisor as Marks, for use with 
similar or different franchise systems for the sale of similar or different services than those 
constituting a part of the System, without granting Franchisee any rights therein; 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
the right to offer, sell and ship products, and permit others to offer, sell and 
ship products under the Marks or any other trademarks, to any location in or outside the Territory 
through other channels of distribution such as mail order, catalogs, telemarketing, or the Internet; 
and 
 
 
 
(v) 
the right to engage in any other activity, action, or understanding that 
Franchisor is not expressly prohibited from taking under this Agreement. 
    
4. 
FEES 
 
 
4.1  
Initial Franchise Fee. 
In consideration of Franchisee receiving the opportunity to 
establish and conduct a Franchised Business, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor the initial non-
reoccurring nonrefundable Franchise Fee of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars (the “Initial 
Franchise Fee”), or such different amount as may be shown in Schedule “A”, which is attached 
hereto, which fee shall be deemed fully earned by Franchisor upon execution of this Agreement by 
Franchisor and in consideration of the grant by it to the Franchisee of the opportunity to establish the 
