 
- 3 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
3.2 
Indemnification. Franchisee is solely responsible for all costs and expenses related 
to Franchisee's performance, Franchisee’s nonperformance, and Franchisor’s enforcement of this 
Agreement, which costs, and expenses Franchisee will pay Franchisor in full, without defense or 
setoff, on demand. Franchisee agrees that it will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Franchisor 
and its affiliates, and the directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees, agents, and 
attorneys of Franchisor and its affiliates, and the successors and assigns of any and all of them, from 
and against, and will reimburse Franchisor and any and all of them for, any and all loss, losses, 
damage, damages, claims, debts, claims, demands, or obligations that are related to or are based on 
this Telephone Listing Agreement. 
 
 
3.3 
No Duty. The powers conferred on Franchisor under this Telephone Listing 
Agreement are solely to protect Franchisor’s interests and shall not impose any duty on Franchisor 
to exercise any such powers. Franchisee expressly agrees that in no event shall Franchisor be 
obligated to accept the transfer of any or all of Franchisee's Interest in any or all such Telephone 
Numbers and Listings. 
 
 
3.4 
Further Assurances. Franchisee agrees that at any time after the date hereof, it will 
perform such acts and execute and deliver such documents as may be necessary to assist in or 
accomplish the purposes of this Telephone Listing Agreement. 
 
 
3.5 
Successors, Assigns, and Affiliates. All Franchisor’s rights and powers, and all 
Franchisee’s obligations, under this Telephone Listing Agreement shall be binding on Franchisee’s 
successors, assigns, and affiliated persons or entities as if they had duly executed this Telephone 
Listing Agreement. 
 
 
3.6 
Effect on Other Agreements. Except as otherwise provided in this Telephone Listing 
Agreement, all provisions of the Franchise Agreement and exhibits and schedules thereto shall 
remain in effect as set forth therein. 
 
 
3.7 
Survival. This Telephone Listing Agreement shall survive the Termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
3.8 
Joint and Several Obligations. All Franchisee's obligations under this Telephone 
Listing Agreement shall be joint and several. 
 
 
3.9 
Governing Law. This Telephone Listing Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed under the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to the application of Illinois conflict 
of law rules. 
 
 
 
 
(SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON FOLLOWING PAGE) 
 
 
