- 3  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
ITEM 2 
 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
 
Kamil Czubacki - President. Kamil Czubacki has been our President in Rolling Meadows, 
Illinois, since August 2023, and President of Aumbio, Inc. since 2010.  
 
ITEM 3 
 
LITIGATION 
 
 
 
Department of Financial and Professional Regulation of the State of Illinois, Jerzy Czubacki and 
Kamil Czubacki, d/b/a Aum Bio, Inc., Respondents, No. 2016-3225.  An Agreed Order to Cease and Desist 
was entered on April 16, 2024 in which Respondents agreed (i) to maintain its website(s) free from any and 
all marketing materials, or other advertising or media, including the efficacy of health-related procedures 
and therapies that are not supported by medical literature; (ii) to continue to make clear on their Website 
that they are not medical professionals; and (iii) the imposition of sanctions for violations of the Agreed 
Order. 
 
With the exception of the one (1) above matter, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
 
ITEM 4 
 
BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcies are required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
 
ITEM 5 
 
INITIAL FEES 
 
 
You will pay us an initial franchise fee of $50,000 (the “Initial Franchise Fee”).  You must pay the 
entire Initial Franchise Fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement and deliver it to us.  Although the 
Initial Franchise Fee is uniform for all franchises, we reserve the right to change the franchise fee in the 
future.  We may also discount the Initial Franchise Fee for Franchisees that purchase multiple franchises or 
multiple territories or to early adopters.  During the 12 months prior to the issuance date of this Disclosure 
Document, we have not discounted the Initial Franchise Fee. 
 
Site Evaluation and Assistance Fee. 
If we make an in-person visit to evaluate a proposed site for your business or to assist with the pre-
opening development of your business, we will provide the first two visits free of charge. For the third visit 
and any visits thereafter, you will pay a fee of $1,000, plus any out-of-pocket expenses (such as travel, 
lodging, and meals) we incur in connection with the visit. 
