 
29 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
 
(xiii)   If you or any of your shareholders or on-site Managers are convicted of or 
pleads no contest to a felony, or a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude or engages in other 
conduct that is reasonably likely to reflect materially and unfavorably on the goodwill or 
reputation of your Center, the Marks, or the System. 
 
 
 
 
(xiv)   If you: (i) become insolvent, by reason of an inability to pay debts as they 
come due; (ii) are adjudicated bankrupt; (iii) file a petition for bankruptcy protection; (iv) are the 
debtor in an involuntary bankruptcy petition that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; (v) are 
the debtor in an assignment for the benefit of creditors that is not dismissed within sixty (60) 
days; (vi) are the subject of a voluntary or involuntary petition for reorganization or similar 
proceeding that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; (vii) are the subject of a petition for 
appointment of a receiver, permanent or temporary, that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; 
(viii) are the judgment debtor in any final judgment in the amount of $100,000 or more and such 
judgment remains unsatisfied of record for more than sixty (60) days; (ix) have your bank 
accounts, property, or receivables attached and such attachment proceedings are not dismissed 
within, sixty (60) days; (x) have an execution levied against your business or property and such 
execution is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; or (xi) are the subject of any suit to foreclose 
any lien or mortgage related to your Franchised Business, and such suit is not dismissed within 
sixty (60) days.  
 
 
 
 
(xv)   
If we deliver two (2) or more notices of default to you within any twelve 
(12) consecutive month period, regardless of whether you cured such defaults, and regardless of 
whether such notices are for the same or different defaults. 
 
 
 
 
(xvi) 
If Franchisee or its employees makes any representations to its 
customers directly or by inference, that it is rendering medical services or making a 
diagnosis or providing treatment for any medical condition. 
 
 
16.3   Termination by Us: Opportunity to Cure. You will be in material breach of this 
Agreement, and we will have the right to terminate this Agreement after ten (10) days’ written notice 
to you to cure the default and your failure to cure such default within such time, without further 
notice or opportunity to cure: 
 
 
 
(i)    
If you: (a) default under any lease or sublease of your Center; or (b) lose the 
right to possession of such location for any reason unless such loss of possession is the result of 
governmental exercise of eminent domain. 
 
 
 
(ii)   
If you or your owners are unable to complete the Initial Training Program 
to our satisfaction. 
 
 
 
(iii)   
If you fail to open your Center within one hundred twenty (120) days of the 
execution of this Agreement. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
If you fail to comply with the provisions of Section 7.6 (ix). 
 
 
 
(v)  
If you breach or fail to perform any covenant, warranty, agreement, promise, 
term, provision, or obligation of yours contained in this Agreement, where such breach or failure is 
not specifically set forth in Paragraph 16.2 of this Agreement.  In the event of your default and until 
the default has been cured, Franchisor and all affiliates have the right to suspend the provision of all 
services and products to you. 
