 
19 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
Agreement.  If you fail to spend the required amount for two (2) consecutive months, we have the 
right to deduct an appropriate amount of marketing funds from your designated bank account and to 
use it to place marketing for your Center in your Territory.  
 
 
10.3 
Brand Fund Fee.  You are required to contribute the amount specified in Section 
4.6 herein (the “Brand Fund Fee”) to our Brand Fund. This Fee is in addition to the Local Advertising 
Requirement. The Brand Fund Fee is due and is payable in the same manner as the monthly Royalty 
Fee. Franchisor and Affiliate owned AumBio Center Businesses will not be required to contribute to 
the Brand Fund in the same manner and in the same amounts as Franchised Businesses are required 
to contribute under this Agreement. Franchisor or Franchisor’s designee, which may be our affiliate, 
will maintain and administer the Brand Fund, as follows: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Franchisor will direct all Brand Fund marketing programs with sole 
discretion over the creative concepts, materials, media placement, and allocation of funds. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Franchisee understands and agrees that the Brand Fund is intended to 
maximize general public recognition and acceptance of the Marks for the benefit of the AumBio  
System and that Franchisor and Franchisor’s designees have no obligation in administering the Brand 
Fund to make expenditures for Franchisee that are equivalent or proportionate to Franchisee’s 
contribution, or to ensure that any particular franchisee or geographic region benefits directly or pro 
rata from Brand Fund advertising or promotional activities. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
The Brand Fund may be used to meet any and all costs of preparing, 
maintaining, and administering advertising and promotional programs, including without limitation: 
(i) the cost of preparing and conducting television, radio, magazine, newspaper, direct mail, Internet 
advertising campaigns, and other advertising and promotional activities; (ii) employing advertising 
and public relations agencies; (iii) providing promotional brochures, and other advertising and 
marketing tools and materials; (iv) the establishment of a customer call center; and (v) paying the 
reasonable compensation of Franchisor’s employees or other third parties providing services related 
to any activity relating to the Brand Fund. Franchisor will not use money from the Brand Fund to 
pay any of Franchisor’s general operating expenses except for reasonable administrative costs, out-
of-pocket expenses, and overhead that relates to the administration or direction of the Brand Fund 
and advertising or promotional programs, including without limitation conducting market research, 
preparing marketing and advertising materials, collecting and accounting for assessments for the 
Brand Fund, and defending any claims against the Brand Fund. Franchisor does not have any 
obligation to Franchisee or any other contributor to the Brand Fund to take action to collect 
delinquent contributions from other contributors. The Brand Fund shall not be used to advertise the 
sale of franchises; however, advertising, and promotional materials, including Franchisor’s web site 
may contain information or designated pages that reference the availability of AumBio Center 
franchise opportunities. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Franchisor reserves the right to terminate the Brand Fund at any time, 
provided, however, no termination will be effective until all monies in the Brand Fund have been 
spent for advertising or promotional purposes or returned to their contributors in proportion to their 
contributions. 
 
 
 
(v) 
Franchisor will prepare an accounting of the books of the Brand Fund 
annually and will provide you with a copy of such accounting upon Franchisee’s written request. 
Franchisor reserves the right, at Franchisor’s option, to require that such annual accounting be 
prepared by an independent certified public accountant selected by Franchisor and paid for by the 
Brand Fund. 
