- 16  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
by THERA-WELLNESS on the use of the therapy device.  There is no cost for the initial THERA 
WELLNESS training.  Advanced THERA WELLNESS training is optional and available at its then-current 
cost. 
 
Training classes will be scheduled in accordance with the needs of new franchisees. We anticipate 
holding training classes three to six times per year. Training will be held at our offices and business location 
in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. We reserve the right to vary the length and content of the initial training 
program based on the experience and skill level of any individual attending the initial training program. 
The instructional materials consist of the Brand Standards Manual and other materials, lectures, 
discussions, and on-the-job demonstration and practice.  Equipment training will be provided by the device 
manufacturers in a virtual format. 
Training classes will be led or supervised by Kamil Czubacki and other therapists. His experience 
is described in Item 2. He has 16 years of experience in our industry, and 35 years of experience with us or 
our affiliates. 
There is no fee for up to 2 people to attend training. You must pay the travel and living expenses 
of people attending training. 
You must attend training. If the franchise is owned by an entity, then the principal owner must 
attend training. You may send any additional people to training that you want (up to the maximum described 
above). You must complete training to our satisfaction at least four weeks before opening your business.  
The Initial Training must be completed prior to the opening of the Center.  We anticipate that the 
Initial Training Program will be conducted monthly, or on an “as-needed” basis, based on the number of 
new Franchisees requiring training. 
  
 
We may offer additional training programs and/or refresher courses to you, or your Manager or 
employees as we deem appropriate.  As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we are not able to state or 
estimate the location, duration, or frequency of any additional training programs.  The programs will vary, 
depending on your needs, the needs of other Franchisees and the System at the time the program is offered.  
We currently do not anticipate offering more than 4 additional training programs during a calendar year 
and we currently anticipate that each training program will last approximately 1– 2 days.  We may require 
you and your employees’ attendance at these programs.  You must pay for you and your employees’ travel, 
meal, lodging and payroll expenses while attending our additional training programs.  We have the right to 
charge a fee for the additional training programs, up to our current fee of $500 per day per person.  
 
 
We may hold an Annual Convention or meeting, at a location to be selected by us.  We will 
determine the topics and agenda for the conference to serve the purpose among other things, of updating 
Franchisees on new developments affecting Franchisees, exchanging information between Franchisees and 
our personnel regarding business operations, and recognizing Franchisees for their achievements.  You are 
required to attend or send a Manager to attend the Annual Convention or meeting and to pay our then-
current registration fee.  If we charge fees for the Annual Convention or meeting, you must pay the fees 
regardless of your attendance.  All expenses, including you and your employees’ transportation to and from 
the Annual Convention or meeting, and lodging, meals, and salaries during the Annual Convention or 
meeting, are your responsibility. 
 
 
 
