 
38 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
APPLY TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO WHICH 
ARISES OUT OF OR IS RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE 
PERFORMANCE OF EITHER PARTY, AND/OR FRANCHISEE’S PURCHASE FROM 
FRANCHISOR OF THE FRANCHISE AND/OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES. 
 
20.    
FRANCHISEE’S OWNERSHIP AND ORGANIZATION 
 
20.1  
Disclosure of Ownership Interests. Franchisee and each of its Owners represents, 
warrants, and agrees that Schedule “A” is current, complete, and accurate. Franchisee agrees that 
updates to Schedule “A” attached hereto will be furnished promptly to Franchisor, so that Schedule 
“A” (as so revised and signed by Franchisee) is at all times current, complete, and accurate. Each 
Owner must be an individual acting in his or her individual capacity unless Franchisor waives this 
requirement. 
 
20.2  
Organizational Documents. If Franchisee is, or at any time becomes, a business 
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, Franchisee and each of its 
Owners represents, warrants and agrees that: (a) Franchisee is duly organized and validly existing 
under the laws of the state of its organization; (b) Franchisee has the authority to execute and deliver 
the Franchise Agreement and all related agreements and to perform its obligations under all such 
agreements; (c) the articles of incorporation, partnership agreement or other organizational 
documents recite that the issuance, transfer or pledge of any direct or indirect legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in Franchisee is restricted by the terms of the Franchise Agreement; and (d) all 
certificates representing direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interests now or hereafter 
issued bear a legend in conformity with applicable law reciting or referring to such restrictions. 
 
21.     
TAXES, PERMITS AND INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 
21.1  
Taxes. Franchisee must promptly pay when due any and all federal, state, and local 
taxes including, without limitation, unemployment, and sales taxes, levied or assessed with respect to 
any services or products furnished, used or licensed pursuant to this Agreement and all accounts or 
other indebtedness of every kind incurred by Franchisee in the operation of the business licensed 
hereunder. 
 
 
21.2  
Permits. Franchisee must comply with all federal, state, and local laws, rules and 
regulations and timely obtain any and all permits, certificates and licenses for the full and proper 
conduct of the business licensed hereunder. 
 
 
21.3  
Full and Sole Responsibility for Debts and Obligations. Franchisee hereby 
expressly covenants and agrees to accept full and sole responsibility for any and all debts and 
obligations incurred in the operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
22.     
INDEMNIFICATION AND INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR 
 
 
22.1  
Indemnification. Franchisee hereby agrees, during and after the term of this 
Agreement, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Franchisor and its affiliates, and their respective 
owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns (the “Indemnified Parties”) 
against, and to reimburse any one or more of the Indemnified Parties for, any and all liabilities, losses, 
suits, claims, demands, costs, fines and actions (the “Claims”) of any kind or nature whatsoever 
directly or indirectly arising out of Franchisee’s breach of this Agreement or the operation of the 
Franchised Business, unless (and then only to the extent that) the Claims are determined to be caused 
solely by Franchisor’s intentional misconduct in a final, unappealable ruling issued by a court with 
