 
10 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
6. 
OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
 
 
6.1  
Assistance Prior to Opening. Prior to Franchisee’s Opening Date, Franchisor will 
provide Franchisee with the following assistance, on the same basis as it will from time to time make 
available to other AumBio franchisees: 
 
  
 
(i)  
Loan Franchisee or provide Franchisee with access to the electronic version 
of one copy of the Manual. Franchisor may modify the Manual by written or on-line supplements of 
which Franchisee will receive copies or receive links to print document. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Review the Franchisee’s proposed location for the Center and grant 
approval to the proposed location if it meets Franchisor’s standards.  
 
 
 
(iii) 
Franchisor will provide the pre-opening support set forth in Section 5.5 
herein. 
 
  
 
(iv)    
Provide you with our mandatory specifications for the equipment, initial 
inventory and supplies you will need to operate your Center. 
 
 
 
(v) 
Franchisor will provide initial training as set forth in this Agreement at the 
Franchisor’s headquarters or other location for Franchisee and its designated Manager.   
 
 
 
(vi)     Franchisor will establish a presence for the Franchised Business on the 
internet. 
 
 
 
(vii)  Franchisor will advise Franchisee on implementing a market introduction 
marketing program for the Franchised Business. 
 
 
 
(viii)  Franchisor will advise Franchisee concerning approved suppliers of 
equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventory and supplies. 
 
 
6.2    Ongoing Assistance. After Franchisee’s Opening Date, Franchisor or its designee will 
make the following assistance available to Franchisee: 
 
  
  
(i)      
Regular consultation and advice in response to Franchisee’s inquiries. 
Franchisor may decide how best to communicate such consultation and advice to Franchisee, whether 
by telephone, in writing, electronically or in person. The method chosen by Franchisor may be 
different than the methods used by Franchisor for other franchisees. 
 
   
 
(iii) 
Make goods and services available to Franchisee either directly or through 
approved suppliers. 
 
    
 
(iv) 
Periodically revise the Manual to incorporate new developments and 
changes in the System and provide Franchisee with a hard copy or electronic copy of all updates. 
 
 
 
 
 
(v)  
Franchisor may also hold statewide, regional, or national conferences to 
discuss promotional techniques, performance standards, advertising programs and general topics. 
You are required to attend those conferences.  Franchisor may charge a fee for these conferences; 
Franchisee must pay for all your travel and lodging expenses. 
 
