 
9 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
           5.6     Leasehold Improvements.   
 
 
 
(i) 
Franchisee will make the leasehold improvements and install the furniture, 
fixtures, equipment, appurtenances, and signage at the Center which are required to comply with our 
current standards and specifications. Franchisor will consult with Franchisee regarding the 
construction, remodeling, equipping, and decorating of the Center; provided, however, it will be 
Franchisee’s sole responsibility to design, construct, equip, decorate, and open the Center in 
compliance with this Agreement and our Confidential Operations Manual. Franchisor may provide 
Franchisee with a sample layout for the interior of a standard Center and with a set of standard 
preliminary plans and specifications. Franchisee will employ architects, designers, engineers, and 
others as may be necessary to complete, adapt, or modify the plans and specifications for the Center. 
Franchisee will submit to us a complete set of final plans and specifications Franchisee proposes 
using before it commences any construction of the Center. Franchisor will review the proposed final 
plans promptly and will approve or provide comments regarding such plans to Franchisee. Franchisee 
may not commence construction of the Center until Franchisor approves the final plans in writing. 
All leasehold improvements related to Franchisee’s Center will be at its sole cost and expense.  All 
costs associated with the completion, adaptation, modification, or replacement of any sample plans; 
all preparation, adaptation, modification, or replacement of the final plans will be your sole 
responsibility.  Nothing in this Agreement shall mean that Franchisor is providing any construction 
or architectural services including but not limited to acting as a construction general or sub-
contractor.    
 
 
 
(ii) 
Renovation of Your Center.   Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it is 
in its best interests, and in the best interests of our other franchisees and the System, that each Center, 
be clean, up-to-date, well-maintained, and well-appointed. Therefore, Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that it will, at Franchisor’s request, redesign, refurbish, and remodel (collectively, 
“Renovate”) Franchisee’s  Center from time to time to conform to: (i) Franchisor then-current 
specifications; (ii) the requirements set forth in its Manual; and (iii) Franchisor’s judgment as to the 
condition, state of repair, and general appearance of Franchisee’s  Center compared to the condition, 
state of repair; and general appearance that we consider desirable. The Parties acknowledge and agree 
that the renovations are intended to be periodic refurbishing and remodeling of Franchisee’s Center, 
and that nothing contained in this Section 5.6 of this Agreement will affect Franchisor’s right to 
require Franchisee to maintain its Center in compliance with this Agreement and the Manual, or 
Franchisee’s obligation to do so.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor will not require 
Franchisee to Renovate its Center more than once every five (5) years, except for Renovations it 
must make on its renewal or transfer of the Franchised Business.  
 
 
 
(iii)  
Construction, Inspection, and Opening. Franchisor has the right to require 
Franchisee to use a licensed general contractor to perform all construction, at the Center, and for all 
remodeling, and Renovation at the Center. If so required, Franchisee will immediately furnish to 
Franchisor, before commencing such construction, remodeling, or Renovation and from time to time 
thereafter on our request: (i) the names, email addresses, postal addresses, and telephone numbers of 
any or all general contractors and subcontractors or vendors involved in any construction, 
remodeling, or Renovations; (ii) copies of all permits, licenses, contractors’ liability insurance 
certificates, and other items required for the lawful construction, equipping, and operation of 
Franchisee’s Center; and (iii) copies of all construction contracts, documents, and lien waivers, 
related to such construction, remodeling, or Renovation of Franchisee’s Center. 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Signage. All signage related to the Center must conform to such standards 
and specifications as Franchisor may prescribe as to type, color, size, design, and location. Franchisor 
must obtain our prior written approval before Franchisee installs or displays any such signage. 
