- 34  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
Exhibit E lists the names of all of our Franchisees and the addresses and telephone numbers of their 
Centers as of December 31, 2024.  Exhibit E-1 lists the Franchisee that has left the System after December 
31, 2024, but prior to the effective date of this Disclosure Document.  There have been no Franchisees who 
have not communicated with us within 10 weeks of the issuance date of this disclosure document.  If you 
buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave the franchise 
system. 
 
 
During the last 3 fiscal years, we have not signed any confidentiality clauses with current or former 
Franchisees which would restrict them from speaking openly with you about their experience with us. 
 
ITEM 21.   
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
We have not been in business for three years or more, and therefore cannot include all 
financial statements required by the Franchise Rule of the Federal Trade Commission. Exhibit D 
contains our Audited Financial Statements for the two (2) years ending on December 31, 2023 and 
December 31, 2024.  Our fiscal year ends on December 31.  
 
ITEM 22.   
 
CONTRACTS 
 
 
The following agreements for the Franchise Offering described in this Disclosure document are as 
follows: 
 
Agreement 
Exhibit 
Franchise Agreement  
Exhibit B to Disclosure Document 
Lease Addendum 
Schedule B to Franchise Agreement 
Authorization for Electronic Funds Transfer 
Schedule C to Franchise Agreement 
Personal Guaranty  
Schedule D to Franchise Agreement 
Agreement Not to Compete and Confidentiality Agreement 
Schedule E to Franchise Agreement 
Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreement for 
Employees 
Schedule F to Franchise Agreement 
Telephone Listing Agreement 
Schedule G to Franchise Agreement 
Form of Release, Covenant Not to Sue, and Indemnification 
Schedule H to Franchise Agreement 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
Exhibit C to Disclosure Document 
 
ITEM 23.   
 
RECEIPTS 
 
 
The last two (2) pages of this Disclosure Document (Exhibit “G”) are detachable documents 
acknowledging your receipt of this Disclosure Document.  You must sign each receipt and return one to us. 
