- 21  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
use a licensed and insured contractor to make the renovations and you must obtain and furnish to us, all 
lien waivers related to the construction. 
    
 
ITEM 12. 
 
TERRITORY 
 
 
You will operate one AumBio Center at a location that we have approved.  The size of your 
Territory will depend on several factors including local demographics, population density and competition 
in the market area.  Territories may differ based on the characteristics of the local market area, but we will 
not establish more than 1 AumBio Center per 100,000 population in a market area.  We will agree on a 
Territory after your approved location is determined, and it will be shown on Schedule “A” to your 
Franchise Agreement. You will receive an exclusive Territory.   
 
 
You may serve customers who reside inside or outside your Territory even if such customers reside 
in a Territory of a company-owned Center or the Territory of another Franchisee of ours, all without 
payment of any compensation to the other Franchisee or to us.  
 
 
You do not have the right to use other channels of distribution to make sales outside your territory.  
You may not, however, conduct direct marketing activities outside of your Protected Territory. 
 
   
We and other Franchisees may serve clients who reside in your Territory, all without payment of 
any compensation to you, but we may not establish competing Centers within your Territory.  You may not 
solicit business, nor provide AumBio Center services outside your territory, except that you may list your 
Center in a telephone directory outside your Territory, provided such telephone directory is also a general 
telephone directory for any area within your Territory. 
 
 
Franchisor and its affiliates may not use other channels of distribution, such as the internet, 
catalogue sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales, to make sales within the franchisee’s 
territory using the franchisor’s principal trademarks or using trademarks other than the ones franchisee will 
use under the franchise agreement.  
 
You may not relocate the Center within your territory without our prior written consent, which we 
may withhold in our sole discretion.  If you wish to relocate your Center you must make your request in 
writing, specifying the reasons for the request to relocate and provide a suggested new site.  You must have 
a written site acceptance from us before you commit to a different location and/or relocate.  Any relocation 
that we approve will be at your own expense. 
 
 
You must use your best efforts to develop, promote and increase sales and consumer recognition 
of the products and services in the Territory.  You must concentrate your marketing efforts in the Territory 
and may neither advertise nor conduct marketing activities outside the Territory without our consent. 
 
 
Franchisor may not solicit or accept orders from customers inside Franchisee’s territory. 
 
 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement:  Under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement we grant 
you the right to develop and operate the number of Centers in the exclusive Development Area that is 
specified in the Development Schedule, which is an exhibit to the Multi-Unit Development Agreement.  
The Development Area is typically described in terms of municipal or county boundaries but may be 
defined as a specified trade area in a municipality.  Our designation of a Development Area is not an 
assurance or warranty that there are enough suitable sites for Centers in the Development Area to meet your 
