- 22  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
Development Schedule.  The responsibility to locate and develop enough suitable sites is solely yours and 
we have no obligation to approve sites that do not meet our criteria, so you can meet your Development 
Schedule.  Our approval of sites to be developed under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement will be 
determined by our then-current site criteria. 
 
 
Except as described below, during the term of the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, we and our 
affiliates will not operate or grant a franchise for the operation of AumBio Centers to be in the Development 
Area.  However, we have the right to terminate this exclusivity if you are not in full compliance with all the 
terms and conditions of the Multi-Unit Development Agreement and all the Franchise Agreements signed 
under it.  Your exclusive rights in the Development Area will terminate once you have met your 
Development Schedule.  At that time, you will maintain certain exclusive rights to a Territory determined 
in relation to the open Centers. 
 
 
Except as expressly limited by the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, we and our affiliates retain 
all rights with respect to AumBio  Centers, the Marks, and any products and services anywhere in the world 
including the right: (a) to produce, offer and sell and to grant others the right to produce, offer, and sell the 
services or products offered at the Centers and any other goods through similar or dissimilar channels of 
distribution, both within and outside the Development Area, under trade and service marks other than the 
Marks and under any other terms and conditions we deem appropriate; (b) to operate and grant others the 
right to operate Centers located outside the Development Area under any terms and conditions we deem 
appropriate and regardless of the proximity to your Centers; (c) to operate and to grant to others the right 
to operate Centers at Non-Traditional Sites within and outside the Development Area under any terms and 
conditions we deem appropriate; and (d) the right to acquire or be acquired by competing businesses 
offering Center services located or operating in your Development Area. 
 
 
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above inside your 
Development Area. 
 
 
After you have completed the Development Schedule, if we believe that it is desirable to establish 
additional Centers within the Development Area, and if you comply with your Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement, we will offer you the right to develop these additional Centers.  You must exercise this option, 
in full, within 60 days after our notice to you.  If you do not exercise or you decline this right of first refusal, 
we shall have the right to sell these development rights to another Franchisee or to develop the Centers 
ourselves. 
 
 
To maintain your rights under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement you must have open and 
operating the number of Centers stated on the Development Schedule by the dates agreed upon in the 
Development Schedule.  Failure to do so will be grounds for either a loss of territorial exclusivity or the 
termination of the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. 
 
 
You do not have any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises 
in the Territory or contiguous territories, unless you have signed a Multi-Unit Development Agreement and 
paid us the appropriate fee.  Continuation of your territorial protection does not depend on your achievement 
of a certain sales volume, marketing penetration or other contingency. 
 
 
  
 
 
