- 23  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
ITEM 13. 
 
TRADEMARKS 
 
 
We grant you a license to operate your franchise business under the mark “AumBio ” or “AumBio 
Center” and to use other marks and logos that we designate under the System (the “Marks”).  We will grant 
to you a license to use the Marks we designate, and you will use them in compliance with the requirements 
of the System. 
 
 
MARK 
REGISTRATION NO. 
REGISTRATION DATE 
 
AUMBIO 
 
98032111 
 
July 2, 2024 
 
 
 
We derive our right to license the above Marks to AUMBIO franchisees by virtue of a 
Trademark/Servicemark License Agreement dated September 5, 2023, between Aum Bio, Inc. as licensor 
and us as licensee (the “License Agreement”).  The License Agreement is for a term of twenty-five (25) 
years and may be renewed by us for two (2) consecutive twenty-five (25) year renewal terms.  The License 
Agreement may be terminated by the Licensor in the event of material breach that is uncured after notice 
and a ninety (90)-day cure period, or in the event of an unapproved use of the Marks by Licensee, upon 
notice and thirty (30)-day cure period, upon Licensee’s cessation of active operation of franchising, or upon 
the Licensee becoming insolvent, filing bankruptcy, or making an assignment for the benefit of creditors.  
In the event of the termination of the License agreement, franchisees operating under the Marks will have 
a period of ninety (90) days to re-brand the franchised business. 
 
 
There are currently no effective determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal 
Board, the trademark administrator of any state, or any court, that materially limits your rights to use the 
Marks.  There is currently no pending interference, opposition or cancellation proceeding, nor any pending 
material litigation, involving the Marks that is relevant to their use anywhere in the United States.  
 
 
With the sole exception of the above-referenced License Agreement, there are currently no pending 
agreements in effect that affect or limit our use or our ability to license others to use the marks in any 
manner or material to your franchised business. 
 
 
You must use the Marks in full compliance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and 
according to the rules we periodically prescribe.  You may not use any Mark as a part of your corporate 
name or with any prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols (other than logos 
licensed by us to you).  You may not use any name or mark associated with the sale of any unauthorized 
product or services in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing by us.  You may not establish 
or maintain a website or other presence on the Internet that reflects any of the Marks or our copyrighted 
works, or that include the Mark, or the term “AumBio ” as part of any URL or domain name, or that 
otherwise states or suggests your affiliation with us or our franchise system. 
 
 
If there is any infringement of, or challenge to, your use of any name, mark, or symbol, you must 
immediately notify us, and you may take any such action that we deem appropriate, in our sole discretion.  
The Franchise Agreement does not require us to take affirmative action if notified of the claim.  We or our 
affiliates have the right to control all administrative proceedings or litigation involving your use of the 
Marks.  The Franchise Agreement also does not require us to participate in your defense or to indemnify 
you for expenses or damages if you are a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding based on your 
use of the Marks, or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.  If it becomes advisable at any time, 
