 
- 5 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
8.2 To conclusively presume that Sections 2 and 3 were made freely and voluntarily 
by me, as a skilled and experienced businessperson to whom Franchisee and Franchisor delivered good 
and valuable consideration. 
8.3 To conclusively presume that the restrictions set forth in Section 2 will not unduly 
burden my ability to earn a livelihood. 
8.4 To conclusively presume that Owner’s violation of any of the terms of Section 2 
of this Covenant: (i) was accompanied by the misappropriation and inevitable disclosure of 
Franchisee’s and Franchisor’s confidential information, trade secrets, and other methods and 
procedures; and (ii) constitutes a deceptive and unfair trade practice and unfair competition. 
9. Enforcement.  Owner acknowledges and agrees that: 
9.1 Each of the covenants set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as independent of any 
other covenant or provision of this Agreement.  If all or any portion of a covenant set forth in this 
Agreement is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in an 
unappealed final decision in a proceeding to which Franchisor is a party, Owner will be bound by any 
lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted 
by law, as if the resulting covenant were separately stated in and made a part of Sections 2 or 3. 
9.2 Franchisor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant 
set forth in Sections 2 or 3 of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, without my consent, effective 
immediately on delivery by Franchisor of written notice of such reduction to me; and Owner will 
immediately comply with any covenant as so modified. 
9.3 The existence of any claims Owner may have against Franchisee or Franchisor, whether or 
not they arise from this Agreement, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by Franchisee or 
Franchisor of the provisions of this Agreement. 
10. Injunctive Relief.  Owner agrees that any failure to comply with the requirements of this Agreement 
will cause Franchisee and Franchisor irreparable harm for which they have no adequate remedy at law.  
Therefore, Owner agrees that Franchisee and Franchisor will have the right to injunctive relief, 
including without limitation a decree for specific performance, to compel Owner to comply with this 
Agreement, without the necessity of showing actual or threatened damage and without being required 
to furnish a bond or other security. 
11. Construction. 
11.1 
Governing Law.  All matters arising out of or related to this Agreement, including 
without limitation all matters arising out of or related to the making, existence, construction, 
enforcement, and sufficiency of performance of this Agreement, shall be determined exclusively in 
accordance with, and governed exclusively by, the laws of the State of Illinois applicable to agreements 
made and to be entirely performed in the State of Illinois, which laws shall prevail in the event of any 
conflict of laws. 
11.2 
Forum, Venue, and Jurisdiction.  In the event of any dispute arising out of or related 
to this Agreement, including without limitation any dispute arising out of or related to the making of 
this Agreement, such dispute shall be resolved exclusively through litigation.  The exclusive forum and 
venue for such litigation shall be the state or federal court having jurisdiction over the subject matter in 
or for the city or county where Franchisor’s principal place of business is located.  Owner hereby 
