 
28 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
provided we have commenced to cure the default within the sixty (60) day period following such 
notice and we diligently continue to prosecute such cure until it is fully effected. 
 
 
16.2   Termination by Us: No Opportunity to Cure. You will be in material breach of this 
Agreement, and we will have the right to terminate this Agreement without affording you any 
opportunity to cure the default effective on delivery of notice of termination to you: 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
If you misrepresent any material fact in any information you furnish to us 
related to our decision to enter into this Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
(ii)  
If you knowingly maintain false books or records, conceal revenues from 
us, or submit any material, false statement in any report we require, or in any income tax return 
required by applicable Law. 
 
 
 
 
(iii)   
If you fail to submit to us any report we require, and you do not correct such 
failure within five (5) days after notice from us.  
 
 
 
 
(iv)   
If you fail to pay to us or any affiliate of ours any monies you are obligated 
to pay us or such affiliate, and you do not correct such failure within five (5) days after notice 
from us or such affiliate. 
 
 
 
 
(v)   
If you have understated your Gross Revenues by three percent (2%) or more 
on any report we require, or on any federal, state, or local income tax return you are required to 
file. 
 
 
 
 
(vi)   
If you deny us or any of our authorized representatives’ access, after our 
providing three (3) days written notice to you, during normal business hours or any other hours 
that your Center is required to be or is in fact open for business, to all premises of your Center. 
 
 
 
 
(vii)   If you receive two (2) or more failing scores on any quality inspection we 
conduct within any twelve (12) consecutive month period. 
 
 
 
 
(viii)   If you misuse, or use in an unauthorized manner, the Marks, any of 
Franchisor’s trade names, or copyrighted materials, or materially impair the goodwill associated 
therewith or the Franchisor’s rights therein. 
 
 
 
 
(ix)   
If you copy or permit others to copy any portion of the Confidential 
Operations Manual, except for items included in them for the express purpose of copying or fail 
to take all necessary precautions to ensure that the Confidential Operations Manuals are kept free 
from theft, unauthorized copying, or other acts that may jeopardize the confidentiality of the 
Manual. 
 
 
 
 
(x)   
If Franchisee is convicted or pleads guilty or ‘nolo contendere’ to a felony, 
a crime involving moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense that Franchisor believes is 
injurious to the System(s), the Marks or the goodwill associated therewith, or if Franchisor has 
proof that the Franchisee has committed such a felony, crime, or offense. 
 
 
 
 
(xi)   
If you fail to open for business for a period of (5) consecutive days. 
 
 
 
 
(xii)  
 If you commit fraud related to the Center or engage in conduct that 
materially impairs the goodwill related to your Center or the System. 
