 
36 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
(ii) 
In the event that the covenants in this Article 18 of this Agreement is found 
to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, you hereby direct such court, arbitrator, or other party 
to modify such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, and you 
agree that such modification shall be deemed to have been a part of this Agreement as of the date of 
execution of this Agreement. 
 
18.9 
Covenants of Principals of Franchisee Entity. If you are a corporation, partnership, 
limited liability company, or other business entity, you will, simultaneously with your execution of 
this Agreement, cause all owners of equity in the Franchisee entity, and any persons who will serve 
as Managers of your Center, including all replacement Managers, to execute the Covenants attached 
to this Agreement as Schedule “E”.  All transferees must execute the Covenants as a condition to 
transfer or assignment of this Agreement. 
 
19.   
DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
 
19.1  
Mediation. 
Before any party may bring an action in court or against the other 
or commence an arbitration proceeding (except as noted below), the Parties must first meet to 
mediate the dispute. A complaining party must submit all claims to mediation within 30 days after 
providing notice of the claim to the other party. The mediation shall take place in the city in Chicago, 
Illinois.  Each party shall identify an officer with decision-making authority who shall attend the 
mediation. Any such mediation will be non-binding and conducted by the Judicial Arbitration and 
Mediation Service (“JAMS”).  The parties shall equally share the costs of the mediation. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that the following claims will not be subject to 
mediation: (1) any action for declaratory or equitable relief, including, without limitation, actions 
seeking preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, other relief in the nature of 
equity to enjoin any harm or threat of harm to such party’s tangible or intangible property, brought 
at any time, including, without limitation, prior to or during the pendency of any mediation or 
arbitration proceedings initiated under this Agreement, and (2) any action in ejectment or for 
possession of any interest in real or personal property. 
 
 
19.2  
Arbitration. If not resolved by mediation and except as qualified below, any dispute 
between Franchisee and Franchisor or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees, agent, shareholders, partners, members, or owners, arising under, out of, in connection 
with or in relation to this Agreement, the Parties’ relationship or the Franchised Business shall be 
submitted binding arbitration and must be determined by arbitration administered by the JAMS.  The 
arbitration shall take place in Chicago, Illinois.  The arbiter must follow the law and not disregard 
the terms of this Agreement.  Any arbitration must be on an individual basis and the Parties and 
arbiter shall have no authority or power to proceed as a class action or other proceeding involving 
third parties.  In the event that a court determines this limitation on joinder of or class action is 
unenforceable, then this entire commitment to arbitrate will become null and void and the Parties 
must submit all claims to the jurisdiction of the Courts.   
 
 
A judgment may be entered upon the arbitration award by any state or federal court in the 
state where Franchisor maintains its headquarters or the state where Franchisee’s Franchised 
Business is located. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on all parties to the 
dispute; however, the arbitrator may not under any circumstances: (1) stay the effectiveness of any 
award pending termination of this Agreement; (2) assess punitive or exemplary damages; or (3) make 
any award which extends, modifies, or suspends any lawful term of this Agreement or any reasonable 
standard of business performance set by Franchisor. 
 
