 
17 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
and confidential. The Franchisee will not at any time, without the Franchisor’s prior written consent, 
copy, duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce the Manual, or any part thereof, or any other operating 
instructions, standards or procedures disclosed to the Franchisee by the Franchisor. The Franchisee 
shall not allow any person who is an employee, agent, or representative of the Franchisee to duplicate 
or copy any such material and shall obligate such employees to abide by the terms of this provision 
and keep and. maintain such information secret and confidential, and refrain from the use thereof in 
any other business or activity except that which is licensed herein. 
 
 
8.3  The Manual shall at all times remain the sole property of the Franchisor.  Franchisor 
may from time to time revise the content of the Manual without the consent of the Franchisee, and 
the Franchisee will observe and comply with the Manual in its amended form. The Franchisee will 
at all times ensure that its copy of the Manual is kept current and up to date. Additional or replacement 
portions of the Manual shall immediately upon receipt thereof be inserted in the Franchisee’s copy 
of the Manual, and the replaced portions thereof shall immediately be destroyed. In the event of any 
dispute as to the contents of the Manual, the terms of the master copy thereof maintained by 
Franchisor at its home office shall be controlling.  Should we offer an electronic version of the 
Manual, you will be responsible for regularly checking that version for periodic updates.  In the event 
the Franchisee’s copy of the Manual is damaged, lost or for other reason becomes out of date or 
unusable due to the negligence of the Franchisee, the Franchisee shall promptly acquire a new 
Manual from Franchisor and shall, upon such event, pay a Manual Replacement Fee in the amount 
of $500.00. 
 
9. 
PROPRIETARY MARKS 
 
 
9.1 
The parties agree that this license to use the Marks applies only to their use in 
connection with the operation of the Franchised Business, and that all such business shall be 
conducted at the Center premises, and that the license includes only such Marks as are now or may 
hereafter be designated by Franchisor in writing for use with the System. No other Marks of 
Franchisor now existing or yet to be developed or acquired by Franchisor are included or will be 
included in this license. 
 
 
9.2 
Franchisor has the exclusive right to license the Marks and of the identification 
schemes, standards, specifications, operating procedures, and other concepts embodied in the 
System. Any unauthorized use of the System and the Marks is and shall be deemed an infringement 
of the Franchisor’s rights and a breach of this Franchise Agreement. Except as expressly granted by 
this Franchise Agreement, the Franchisee acquires no right, title, or interest in the System or in the 
Marks. Any and all goodwill associated with the System, or the Marks shall inure exclusively to the 
Franchisor’s ownership and benefit. Upon the expiration and termination of this Franchise 
Agreement, the Franchisee shall not be entitled to any compensation attributable to any goodwill 
associated with the Franchisee’s use of the System or of the Marks. 
 
 
9.3 
The Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor of any attempt by any person or 
entity other than Franchisor or another of its licensees, to use the Marks or any variation thereof, or 
any other name, mark or symbol in which Franchisor claims a proprietary interest, or which is 
confusingly similar thereto. The Franchisee will notify Franchisor promptly of any litigation 
involving the Marks that is instituted by any person or firm against the Franchisee. Franchisor is not 
obligated to defend the Franchisee against the claims of any third party that the Franchisee’s 
operation of the licensed business or the Franchise’s use of the Marks infringes any right of such 
third party, nor shall Franchisor be obligated to protect, indemnify, or hold harmless the Franchisee 
from the consequences of any such claim or litigation. Notwithstanding the lack of an obligation on 
the part of Franchisor to assume responsibility or control of any such litigation, the Franchisee shall, 
