- 25  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
Information must sign a Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement substantially in the form that we 
designate. 
 
 
You must promptly notify us of any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, your use of any of 
the Copyrighted Works or Confidential Information.  The Franchise Agreement does not require us to take 
affirmative action when notified of a claim, or to participate in your defense or indemnify you for expenses 
or damages if you are a party to an administrative or judicial proceeding involving any of the Copyrighted 
Works or Confidential Information, or if the proceeding was resolved unfavorably to you, but will take 
whatever action we determine to be appropriate under the circumstances.  If we or an affiliate undertake 
the defense or prosecution of any litigation pertaining to any of the Copyrighted Works or Confidential 
Information, you must sign all documents and perform such acts as may in the opinion of our counsel, be 
necessary to carry out the defense or prosecution. 
 
 
We will have the right at any time, on notice, to make additions to, deletions from, and changes in 
any item in which we claim common law copyright or registered copyright protection.  You must adopt and 
use all additions, deletions, and changes as we direct at your expense. 
 
 
 
ITEM 15. 
 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACUTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE 
BUSINESS 
 
 
When you sign your agreement, you must always designate and retain, an individual to serve as the 
“Center Manager”.  The Center Manager is not required to own an equity interest.  The designated Center 
Manager must be approved by us, must have successfully completed the Initial Training Program, and must 
devote full-time best efforts to the management of the Center.   
 
 
You will inform us in writing as to the identity of all Center Managers including all successor 
managers you seek to employ.  All your employees and independent contractors that have access to the 
Confidential Operations Manual and our proprietary information must sign the Confidentiality Agreement 
attached as Schedule “E” to the Franchise Agreement.   All employees who administer therapy must be 
must obtain all certifications and training that we may require. 
 
 
If you are a corporation or other legal entity, all shareholders, or holders of equity in the entity must 
personally guarantee your obligations under the Franchise Agreement on the Guaranty Agreement attached 
as Schedule “D” to the Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
ITEM 16.   
 
RESTRICTION ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
 
You must offer all services and products to clients of your Center we require; in the manner and 
style we require.  You must sell and offer for sale only the services or products that we have expressly 
approved in writing.  You may not deviate from our standards and specifications without first obtaining our 
written consent.  You must discontinue offering for sale any services or products that we may disapprove 
in writing at any time.  We may add, eliminate, or modify authorized goods and services, in our sole 
discretion.  There are no contractual limitations on our right to make these changes. 
 
