 
30 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
16.4  
Cross Default. Any default under or breach by you of any other agreement to which 
you and us or any of our affiliates are parties, will be deemed a default under this Agreement.  
 
 
16.5  
Our Right to Cure Your Defaults. We may, without prejudice to any other right or 
remedy contained in this Agreement or provided by law or equity, act to cure any default of yours 
by performing any functions we deem necessary to cure the default. All such actions will be at your 
sole cost and expense, and you will reimburse us for all costs and expenses we incur related to such 
cure. We will have no obligation to cure such defaults, and any attempt by us to cure such defaults 
will not limit our right to seek any other remedies to which we may be entitled. 
 
 
16.6  
Our Right to Withhold Services and Products.  In the event of your default and 
continuing until the default has been cured, Franchisor and its Affiliates have the right to suspend 
the provision of support or services to you. 
 
 
16.7  
Notice Required by Law. If the law of any state which may control this Agreement 
limits our rights of termination under this Agreement or requires longer notice or cure periods than 
those set forth herein, this Agreement will be deemed amended to conform to the minimum notice, 
cure periods, or restrictions on termination required by such Laws; provided, however, we will not 
be precluded from contesting the validity, enforceability, or application of such laws or regulations 
to this Agreement or the termination, expiration, or non-renewal of this Agreement.  
 
17.  
OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
 
 
17.1 
Upon termination or expiration of this Franchise Agreement, the Franchisee shall 
immediately cease to operate the Center, and shall not thereafter, directly, or indirectly, represent to 
the public or hold itself out as a present or former Franchisee of the Franchisor. 
 
 
17.2 
Upon termination or expiration of this Franchise Agreement, the Franchisee shall 
immediately cease to use, by advertising or any other manner whatsoever, the name AUMBIO                                     
or any other Marks of Franchisor or any mark or name similar thereto, or any aspect of the trade 
dress of the franchise System. Upon expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement the 
Franchisee shall cease using any methods, procedures, techniques, systems or other material of any 
kind or nature whatsoever which at the time of the termination or expiration of this Franchise 
Agreement is a trade secret of the Franchisor. 
 
 
17.3 
Upon expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement, the Franchisee shall 
immediately surrender to Franchisor all customer lists, manuals, records, files, instructions, 
correspondence and any and all other materials relating to the operation of the Center in the 
Franchisee’s possession or control, and all copies thereof, all of which are hereby acknowledged by 
the Franchisee to be the Franchisor’s property, and shall retain no copy or record of the foregoing, 
accepting only the Franchisee’s copy of this Franchise Agreement and of any correspondence 
between the parties, and any other documents which the Franchisee reasonably needs to comply with 
any provision of law. Upon the termination or expiration of this Franchise Agreement the Franchisee 
shall not remove from the Center premises any inventory or equipment which is the subject of any 
security interest of Franchisor or of any other party. Upon the expiration or termination of this 
Franchise Agreement, the Franchisee shall not remove from the Center premises any inventory or 
equipment so long as there remains obligations of the Franchisee to the Franchisor. In such event, 
the Franchisee will, upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement, present to 
Franchisor a statement of inventory and equipment including the value thereof. Such inventory and 
equipment shall, to the extent that it does not infringe upon the security rights of others, be credited 
