 
- 6 - 
AumBio  FDD2025v1 
 
16. 
SEVERABILITY  
If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, property or 
circumstances will to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will be 
unaffected and will remain in full force and effect and each term and provision will be valid and enforced 
as fully extent permitted by law.  
 
 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW  
All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 
Sections 1 et seq.).  Except to the extent governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, the United States 
Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 1051 et seq.) or other federal law, this Agreement, 
the franchise, and all claims arising from the relationship between Franchisor and Developer (and/or any 
of our affiliates) and Developer will be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its 
conflicts of laws rule.  This Agreement will become a valid and enforceable contract when we accept it and 
sign it in Illinois.  Developer and Franchisor expressly agree that this Agreement has been made in the State 
of Illinois, that substantially all performance of the obligations hereunder has been and will be rendered in 
the State of Illinois, and that there is a regular stream of business activity between Developer and Franchisor 
from and into the State of Illinois.   
 
 
18. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
 
18.1  
Mediation.   All claims or disputes between Developer and Franchisor or their respective 
affiliates arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, the parties’ relationship, 
or any of the parties’ respective rights and obligations arising out of this Agreement, must be submitted 
first to mediation prior to a hearing in binding arbitration (except as noted in Section 18.3 below). Such 
mediation will take place in the city of Franchisor’s then-current headquarters under the auspices of the 
Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), in accordance with the JAM’s Commercial 
Mediation Rules then in effect. Developer may not commence any action against Franchisor or its affiliates 
with respect to any such claim or dispute in any court unless mediation proceedings have been terminated 
either: (i) as the result of a written declaration of the mediator(s) that further mediation efforts are not 
worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of a written declaration by Franchisor. Each party will bear their own costs 
of mediation and share equally the filing fee imposed by JAMS and the mediator’s fees. We reserve the 
right to specifically enforce Franchisor’s right to mediation. Prior to mediation, and before commencing any 
legal action against Franchisor or its affiliates with respect to any such claim or dispute, Developer must 
submit a notice to Franchisor, which specifies in detail, the precise nature and grounds of such claim or 
dispute. 
 
18.2  
Arbitration. If not resolved by mediation and except as qualified below, any dispute 
between Developer and Franchisor or their respective affiliates arising under, out of, in connection with or 
in relation to this Agreement, the parties’ relationship, must be submitted to binding arbitration in the city 
of Franchisor’s then-current headquarters in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and the 
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”) then in effect. 
Any arbitration must be on an individual basis and the parties, and the arbitrator will have no authority or 
power to proceed with any claim as a class action or otherwise to join or consolidate any claim with any 
other claim or any proceedings involving their parties. In the event a court determines that this limitation on 
joinder of or class action certification of claims is unenforceable, then this entire commitment to arbitrate 
will become null and void and the parties must submit all claims to the jurisdiction of the courts. The Federal 
Arbitration Act, as amended, will govern the rights and duties of the parties to this Agreement to resolve 
any disputes by arbitration. The following will supplement and, in the event of a conflict, govern any 
arbitration: The matter will be heard before a single arbitrator from the JAM’s list of arbitrators. The 
