- 1  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
STATE REGULATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS ADDENDUM 
 
The following are additional disclosures for our Multistate Franchise Disclosure Document.  Various state 
franchise laws require us to make these additional disclosures.  These additional disclosures will not apply 
to you unless you meet the jurisdictional requirements of the applicable state franchise registration and 
disclosure law independently without reference to these additional disclosures.  These disclosures 
supplement our Disclosure Document and supersede any conflicting information contained in the main 
body of the Disclosure Document: 
 
FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of financial Protection and 
Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the Commissioner. 
1. 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL 
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE 
DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
2. 
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a disclosure document, 
in a form containing the information that the commissioner may by rule or order require, before a 
solicitation of a proposed material modification of an existing franchise. 
You must sign a general release if you renew or transfer your franchise.  California Corporations 
Code §31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California 
Corporations Code §§31000 through 31516).  Business and Professions Code §20010 voids a 
waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code §§20000 
through 20043). 
Neither the franchisor, any person or franchise broker in Item 2 of the Disclosure Document is 
subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities 
exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending 
or expelling these persons from membership in the association or exchange. 
3. 
Item 17 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
The California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the 
Franchisee concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise Agreement 
contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.) 
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that extends beyond the term of the 
agreement.  This provision might not be enforceable under California law. 
The Franchise Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a court located outside of the State 
of California.  This provision might not be enforceable for any cause of action arising under 
California law. 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of a state other than the State of 
California.  This provision might not be enforceable under California law. 
