 
6 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
Section 15, Franchisee must pay Fifty (50%) percent of the then-current initial franchise fee as a 
transfer fee prior to completion of the transfer. 
 
 
 
4.9    Annual Increase in Fixed Fees or Fixed Payments. Franchisor reserves the right to 
increase the amount of any fixed fee or fixed payment, e.g., the Renewal Fee, due Franchisor under 
this Agreement, or a related agreement (“Annual Increase”). An Annual Increase to each fixed fee 
or fixed payment may occur only once during any calendar year and may not exceed the 
corresponding cumulative increase in the Index since the date of this Agreement or, as the case may 
be, the date that the last Annual Increase became effective for the particular fixed fee or fixed 
payment being increased. All Annual Increases will be made at the same time during the calendar 
year. “Index” refers to the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) for the U.S. City 
Average for all Items (1982 - 1984 100), not seasonally adjusted, as published by the United States 
Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. If the Index is discontinued or revised during the 
term of this Agreement, such other governmental index or computation with which it is replaced 
must be used to obtain substantially the same result as would be obtained if the Index had not been 
discontinued or revised. 
 
 
      4.10    Method of Payment and Electronic Funds Transfer. Unless otherwise agreed 
between Franchisor and Franchisee, all fees and other amounts paid to Franchisor or any affiliate 
must be made in the form of an ACH, electronic or similar funds transfer in the appropriate amount(s) 
from Franchisee’s designated bank account. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to 
pay any fees due under this agreement at any intervals Franchisor may designate and by such means 
as Franchisor may specify from time to time. Franchisee agrees to execute and deliver to its bank 
and to Franchisor those documents necessary to authorize such withdrawals and to make payment or 
deposit as directed by Franchisor. A form of authorization for electronic transfer of funds is attached 
hereto as Schedule “C”. Franchisee further agrees that it will not thereafter terminate such 
authorization so long as the Franchise Agreement is in effect.  Franchisee agrees that it will not close 
such bank account without prior notice to Franchisor and the establishment of a substitute bank 
account permitting such withdrawals. Franchisee also agrees that in the event that a direct electronic 
funds transfer, or other withdrawal program is not available at the bank at which it currently does its 
business, it will take all reasonable and necessary steps to establish an account at a bank which does 
have such a program. 
 
 
4.11  
 Interest on Late Payments. If any fee or other amount due under this Agreement is 
not paid when it is due, Franchisee will pay interest on any balance due from the date due until such 
amount is paid in full at the highest then-applicable legal rate for open account business credit not to 
exceed one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month. This charge will accrue whether Franchisor or 
Franchisee exercise their respective rights to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Article 14 hereof. 
 
 
4.12 
 Application of Payments. All payments by Franchisee will be applied in such order 
as Franchisor may designate from time to time. Franchisee agrees that it may not designate an order 
for application of any fees different from that designated by Franchisor and expressly acknowledges 
and agrees that Franchisor may accept fees paid pursuant to different instructions without any 
obligation to follow such instructions, even if such payment is made by its terms conditional on such 
instructions being followed. This provision may be waived only by written agreement signed by 
Franchisor, which written agreement must be separate from the check or other document or medium 
constituting or transmitting payment. 
 
 
4.13 
 Taxes on Payments and Currency. If any taxing authority, wherever located, 
imposes any future tax, levy, or assessment on any payment Franchisee makes to Franchisor, 
(excluding income tax) Franchisee must, in addition to all payments due to Franchisor, pay such tax, 
