- 24  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
in our sole discretion, to modify the use or discontinue the use of any name or mark and/or use one or more 
additional or substitute names or marks, you must pay for the tangible cost (such as replacing signs and 
materials) associated with such change. 
 
 
Under the Franchise Agreement you agree not to contest, directly or indirectly, our ownership, title, 
right or interest in the name or Marks, trade secrets, methods, procedures, and advertising techniques which 
are part of the System, or contest our sole right to register, use or license others to use such names, marks, 
trade secrets, methods, procedures, or techniques. 
 
 
We have the right at any time, on notice to you, to make additions to, deletions from, and changes 
in the Marks at our absolute discretion.  You must adopt and use any and all such additions, deletions, and 
changes as we may direct at your sole cost and expense. 
 
 
In connection with your use of the Marks, you must: (i) identify yourself as an independent 
Franchisee of ours in all public records that allow such identification; (ii) place on your business forms and 
checks the legend “An Independent Franchisee of AumBio Franchising, LLC” or similar language we 
specify; and (iii) post in a public location at your Center a sign stating that: 
 
This AumBio Center is independently owned and operated by [your full name] 
under a franchise agreement with AumBio Franchising, LLC [our then current 
address], [our then current telephone number]. 
 
 
To the best of our knowledge, there are presently no rights superior to ours in the Marks and there 
are no infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the Marks in any state. 
 
 
ITEM 14.   
 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETRY INFORMATION 
 
 
Franchisor does not own rights in or licenses  patents or  copyrights that are material to the 
franchise, nor are there any pending patent applications that are material to the franchise.  We claim 
copyright protection in many elements of the System including the Confidential Operating Manual and the 
design elements of the Marks and the content and design of our website (the “Copyrighted Works”).  
 
The franchise agreement does not require us to protect any patent or copyright or to defend 
franchisee against claims arising from franchisee’s use of patented or copyrighted items.  There are no 
currently effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office or any court, nor any pending 
litigation or other proceedings, regarding any copyrighted materials. No agreement limits our rights to use 
or allow franchisees to use the copyrighted materials. We do not know of any superior prior rights or 
infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the copyrighted materials. No agreement requires us 
to protect or defend our copyrights or to indemnify you for any expenses or damages you incur in any 
judicial or administrative proceedings involving the copyrighted materials.  If we require, you must 
immediately modify or discontinue using the copyrighted materials. We have no obligation to reimburse 
you for any expenditures you make because of any discontinuance or modification.  Franchisor does not 
know of any patent or copyright infringement that could materially affect the franchisee. 
 
You and your principals and employees also must maintain the confidentiality of all trade secrets, the 
Standards, and other elements of the System; all customer information; all information contained in the 
manuals; our proprietary recipes and techniques for product preparation; and any other information that we 
designate as “Confidential Information.”  Any of your principals who do not sign the Guaranty Agreement 
attached to the Franchise Agreement as Schedule “C” and all employees with access to Confidential 
