 
14 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
will you or your employees be deemed to be employees of Franchisor.  You will conduct a criminal 
background check on all prospective employees through a reputable outside vendor. 
 
 
 
(v) 
Franchisee shall obtain from each of its personnel an acknowledgement 
signed by such personnel providing that such individual understands, acknowledges, and agrees that 
he or she is an employee of Franchisee and not Franchisor and that such individual shall look solely 
to Franchisee for his or her compensation and for all other matters related to their relationship with 
Franchisee. 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Franchisee shall post a notice on an employee bulletin board clearly visible 
to employees at the Franchised Business notifying all employees of their employer and clearly stating 
that neither Franchisor nor its affiliates are an employer of the employees. 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Franchisee’s employees are not Franchisor’s agents or employees, and 
Franchisor is not a joint employer of these individuals.  Franchisee is solely responsible for 
performing all administrative functions of the Franchised Business, including payroll, and providing 
worker’s compensation insurance.  Franchisee acknowledges that it is not economically dependent 
on Franchisor and that Franchisor does not provide facilities, equipment or house or transport 
Franchisee’s employees or provide to Franchisee employees tools or materials required for 
Franchisee’s employees to perform services for Franchisee. 
 
 
7.8  
Client Complaints.   Franchisee must respond promptly to client complaints and 
take such other steps as may be specified by Franchisor in the Operations Manual or otherwise to 
ensure positive client relations. 
 
 
7.9  
Third Party Actions.   Franchisee must notify Franchisor in writing within five (5) 
days of any written threat or the actual commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, or of the 
issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award or decree of any court, agency or other governmental 
instrumentality which may adversely affect the operation or financial condition of the Center. 
 
 
7.10  
Inspection of the Business Premises.   Franchisee hereby grants to Franchisor and 
its agents the right to enter upon the Premises, without notice, at any reasonable time for the purpose 
of conducting inspections of the Premises, Franchisee’s books, records, computer hardware and 
software, and other business equipment, and Franchisee agrees to render such assistance as may 
reasonably be requested and to take such steps as may be necessary immediately to correct any 
deficiencies detected during such an inspection upon the request of Franchisor or its agents. 
 
 
7.11  
Possible Variation in Certain Standards.   Because complete and detailed uniformity 
under many varying conditions may not be possible or practical, Franchisor specifically reserves the 
right and privilege to vary standards for any franchisee based upon the peculiarities of a particular 
site or circumstance, density of population, business potential, population of trade area, licensing 
requirements, existing business practices or any other conditions which Franchisor deems to be of 
importance to the successful operation of such franchisee’s business. Franchisee will have no 
recourse against Franchisor because of any variation from standard specifications and practices 
granted to any franchisee and will not be entitled to require Franchisor to grant Franchisee a like or 
similar variation hereunder. 
 
 
7.12  
Attendance at Annual Convention.  Franchisor may hold an annual conference (the 
“Convention”) at a location it selects.  Franchisor will determine the topics and agenda for the 
Convention to serve the purpose among other things, of updating franchisees on new developments 
affecting franchisees, exchanging information between franchisees and our personnel regarding 
