 
32 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
business licensed under this Franchise Agreement was or is being operated. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Remove from the Center premises all articles, equipment, supplies and other 
materials of any kind or nature whatsoever bearing the proprietary marks of Franchisor or which are 
to be removed to prevent the Premises from appearing thereafter to be a business premises affiliated 
with Franchisor or the System. The cost of all such removal and modification shall be borne by the 
Franchisee. 
 
 
 
(iii) Upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement, the 
Franchisee shall immediately begin compliance with the post-term covenants contained in Article 
18. 
 
 
 
(iv) The Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any failure to comply with the 
requirements of this Article 17 will cause Franchisor irreparable injury, and the Franchisee hereby 
consents to the entry of an ex parte order by any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive or 
other legal or equitable relief including an order authorizing the Franchisor, its designee or agents, 
to enter the Center premises and to take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the 
Franchisor’s rights hereunder. 
 
 
 
(v) 
 Immediately upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise 
Agreement, the Franchisee shall cancel all assumed names, corporate names, business names or 
styles, or other registrations using any name, style, symbol, or mark included within the Marks or 
similar thereto which are owned, or which have been taken out or filed by the Franchisee. The 
Franchisee hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent and attorney-in-fact to obtain all 
such cancellations. 
 
17.8   Liquidated Damages.    Upon Franchisor’s termination of this Agreement in accordance with 
its terms, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor within 30 days of the date of the termination, as 
liquidated damages for the premature termination of this Agreement and not as a penalty, an amount 
equal to 24 times the continuing royalty fees payable to Franchisor in respect to the last 12 months 
of the Franchised Business’ active operations or the entire period the Franchised Business has been 
open for business, whichever is the shorter period. If the business was not open for continuous 
operation for a period of 12 months prior to the termination of the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor 
will use the geographically closest location with 12 months of data to calculate liquidated damages.  
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that such liquidated damages are a reasonable approximation 
of the damages Franchisor will incur resulting from the premature termination of the Franchise 
Agreement as a result of breach by Franchisee, are appropriate because actual damages incurred by 
Franchisor will be difficult or impossible to ascertain, are not a penalty, and shall not affect 
Franchisor’s right to, and are not in lieu of, any other payment or remedy, damages, or relief to 
Franchisor. 
 
 
18.  
COVENANTS 
 
 
18.1 
“Confidential Information” means Franchisor’s proprietary and confidential 
information relating to the development and operation of Centers, including: (a) information systems 
and software programs prescribed for use in Centers; (b) identity of suppliers and knowledge of brand 
standards for and suppliers of certain fixtures, furnishings, equipment, products, materials and 
supplies; (c) Methods of training and management relating to Centers; Brand standards, the Manual, 
any other proprietary materials and knowledge, know-how or experience used or obtained in 
developing and operating Centers; (d) sales, marketing and advertising programs and techniques for 
