 
5 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
Franchise Business and also as consideration for the Franchisor’s services to that time, including, 
without limitation, screening of the Franchisee candidate, counseling and consultation.  The 
Franchisee shall not be entitled to a refund of the Initial Franchise Fee or any part thereof, regardless 
of the date of expiration or termination of this Agreement.   
 
 
4.2 
 Continuing Royalty Fee.  In return for the ongoing rights and privileges granted to 
the Franchisee, the Franchisee shall pay to the Franchisor, throughout the term of this Agreement, a 
continuing royalty fee (the “Royalty Fee”) in the amount of six (6%) percent of Franchisee’s Gross 
Revenues.  The Royalty Fee will be payable in arrears on the fifth (5th) day of each month for the 
Gross Revenues generated by Franchisee during the immediate preceding month.  All Royalty Fees 
shall be paid by electronic funds transfer.  
 
 
    4.3 
 Definition of Gross Revenue.  “Gross Revenues” means the aggregate amount of all 
the Franchisee’s revenues, sales, and other income from whatever source derived regardless of 
whether collected by the Franchisee or collected in the form of check, cash or credit, including 
exchanges in kind or for barter, and arising out of, in connection with or relating to the Franchised 
Business, including but not limited to (a) income from the sale of any products or other items; (b) 
income from any services provided; and (c) all proceeds from any business interruption insurance or 
determination of lost profits, but excluding (i) all refunds and discounts made in good faith to a 
customer; (ii) any sales, use, retail sales and equivalent taxes which are collected by the Franchisee 
for or on behalf of any governmental or other public body and actually remitted to such body; and 
(iii) the value of any coupon, voucher or other allowance authorized by Franchisor in writing and 
issued or granted to customers of the Franchised Business which is received or credited by the 
Franchisee in full or partial satisfaction of the price of any product or service offered in connection 
with the Franchised Business.  Franchisor reserves the right to institute policies in the Manuals or 
otherwise in writing and from time to time, regarding the inclusion in Gross Sales of any pre-paid 
goods or services (including, without limitation, gift cards and gift certificates) and the delivery and 
redemption thereof.” 
 
 
  
4.4   Supplier Evaluation Service Fee. Franchisor’s current supplier evaluation service 
fee payable in connection with requested approval by Franchisee of a then non-approved supplier 
will not exceed Five Hundred ($500) Dollars. This service fee is nonrefundable and is due at the time 
request of approval is submitted to Franchisor. Franchisor reserves the right to modify this service 
fee at any time upon notice to Franchisee. 
 
 
 
     4.5   Technology Fee.  Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a Technology Fee of One 
Hundred ($100) Dollars per month, which is subject to change upon thirty (30) days’ notice. 
 
 
  
4.6  Other Charges and Service Fees. Franchisee understands and agrees that the System 
is developing and that there may be other charges and service fees that will be agreed upon between 
Franchisee and Franchisor and assessed to Franchisee either by Franchisor or vendors in connection 
with existing components of the System or the addition of modified or new components to the 
System. Franchisee agrees to pay all such other charges and service fees in a timely manner.  
 
 
 
4.7   Brand Fund Fee.  Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, without offset, credit or 
deduction of any nature, a Brand Fund Fee of one (1%) percent of Franchisee’s Gross Revenues on 
the fifth (5th) day of each month. 
 
 
     4.8 Transfer Fee.  Franchisee must not transfer the Franchised Business except with 
Franchisor’s prior written consent. If Franchisor approves Franchisee’s transfer as provided in 
