 
41 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
reduce the scope of any covenant of this Agreement binding upon Franchisee, or any portion hereof, 
without Franchisee's consent, effective immediately upon receipt by Franchisee of written notice 
thereof, and Franchisee agrees that it will comply forthwith with any covenant as so modified, which 
will be fully enforceable. 
 
26.2  
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, but such 
counterparts together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
26.3  
 Headings and Captions. The headings and captions contained herein are for the 
purposes of convenience and reference only and are not to be construed as part of this Agreement. 
All terms and words used herein will be construed to include the number and gender as the context 
of this Agreement may require. The parties agree that each section of this Agreement will be 
construed independently of any other section or provision of this Agreement. 
 
26.4  
Interpretation of Rights and Obligations. The following provisions apply to and 
govern the interpretation of this Agreement, the parties’ rights under this Agreement, and the 
relationship between the parties. 
 
26.5  
Franchisor’s Rights. Whenever this Agreement provides that Franchisor has a 
certain right, that right is absolute, and the parties intend that Franchisor’s exercise of that right will 
not be subject to any limitation or review. Franchisor has the right to operate, administrate, develop, 
and change the System in any manner that is not specifically precluded by the provisions of this 
Agreement, although this right does not modify any express limitations set forth in this Agreement. 
 
26.6  
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Whenever Franchisor reserves 
discretion in a particular area or where Franchisor agrees to exercise its rights reasonably or in good 
faith, Franchisor will satisfy its obligations whenever it exercises Reasonable Business Judgment in 
making a decision or exercising a right. Franchisor’s decisions or actions will be deemed to be the 
result of Reasonable Business Judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable 
alternatives are available, if Franchisor’s decisions or actions are intended, in whole or significant 
part, to promote or benefit the System generally even if the decision or action also promotes 
Franchisor’s financial or other individual interests. Examples of items that will promote or benefit 
the System include, without limitation, enhancing the value of the Licensed Marks, improving 
customer service and satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing, or 
encouraging modernization and improving the competitive position of the System. 
 
27.   
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 
 
This Agreement and all exhibits to this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between 
the parties and supersede any and all prior negotiations, understandings, representations, and 
agreements. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the 
representations Franchisor made in the franchise Disclosure Document it furnished to Franchisee. 
 
 
Franchisee acknowledges that it is entering into this Agreement as a result of its own 
independent investigation of Franchisor’s franchise offering and not as a result of any representations 
about Franchisor made by its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, 
independent contractors, or franchisees that are contrary to the terms set forth in this Agreement, or 
in any disclosure document, prospectus, or other similar document required or permitted to be given 
to Franchisee pursuant to applicable law. 
 
