 
13 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
(iv) 
You will comply with our rules, guidelines, standards, specifications, plans, 
programs, methods, techniques, and procedures related to the services delivered at the Center.  
 
 
(v)   
You will keep the Center open for business and in normal operation during 
the days and hours we specify. We may modify such hours of operation from time to time on notice 
to you.  
 
 
 
(vi)   
You will deal fairly and honestly with all customers, suppliers, vendors, 
render prompt, courteous, and willing service; properly respond to all complaints and take such other 
steps as may be required to enhance the goodwill associated with the System and the Marks. 
 
 
 
(vii)    You will pay promptly when due all debts you owe us or any of our 
affiliates, and all taxes and other obligations you owe in relation to your Center; including, without 
limitation, all federal, state, and local taxes, and all accounts payable of any nature. 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Franchisee will participate in any client satisfaction or “Mystery Shopper” 
programs as Franchisor may require. 
 
 
 
(ix) 
You will ensure that at all times during the operation of the Franchised 
Business, all of your employees conduct themselves in a professional manner and with the highest 
standards of professionalism.  Your failure to ensure that your employees so conduct themselves is 
a material breach of this Agreement. 
 
 
 
(x) 
Franchisee shall not and shall ensure that all of its employees make any 
representations to its customers directly or by inference, that it is rendering medical services 
or making a diagnosis or providing treatment for any medical condition.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that as an AUMBIO franchisee it is providing general wellness services.  
Franchisee’s violation of the foregoing requirement constitutes a material breach of this 
Agreement and is grounds for termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
7.7 
Hiring and Supervision. 
 
 
 
(i)  
Franchisee must hire and at all times maintain a sufficient number of 
qualified, competent personnel, in order to offer prompt, courteous and efficient service to the public, 
and otherwise operate the Center in compliance with the System. All employees, engaged in the 
operation of the Center during working hours must dress conforming to Franchisor’s standards, must 
present a neat and clean appearance (wearing Franchisor’s approved apparel) in conformance with 
Franchisor’s reasonable standards and must render competent service to the clients of Franchisee’s 
Center.   
 
 
 
(ii) 
The Center must be under the supervision of one or more of Franchisee’s 
designated and fully trained Center Manager.  
 
 
 
(iii) 
Franchisee must keep Franchisor informed as to the identity of its 
designated Manager.  All management or supervisory employees of Franchisee must execute the 
Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement attached hereto as Schedule “F”.  
 
 
 
(iv) 
Franchisee is solely responsible for the day-to-day operation of the Center 
and its employees.  Franchisee is solely responsible for recruiting and hiring the persons employed 
to operate the Franchised Business.  Franchisee is responsible for their training, wages, taxes, 
benefits, safety, schedules, work conditions, assignments, discipline, and termination.  At no point 
