- 4  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, stipulation, or provision 
purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth in sections 19 and 20 
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
 
Payment of Initial Franchise/Development Fees will be deferred until Franchisor has met its initial 
obligations to franchisee, and franchisee has commenced doing business.  This financial assurance 
requirement was imposed by the Office of the Illinois Attorney General due to Franchisor’s financial 
condition. 
 
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
The THERA WELLNESS therapy device is not a medical device but is instead being marketed in the 
U.S.A. as a “General Wellness Product” as defined by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  General 
Wellness Products (Devices) are meant to sustain or offer general improvement to functions associated with 
a general state of health and not to diagnose, prevent, mitigate or restore a structure or function that has 
been impaired due to a disease or (medical) condition.  Franchisees may not represent to customers or to 
the general public that it is making a medical diagnosis or treating a medical condition.  The violation of 
the foregoing policy is grounds for termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
A typical length of time between the signing of a Franchise Agreement and the opening of the franchise 
business is 30 to 120 days.  Factors affecting this range include site availability, lease or purchase 
negotiations and construction time.  We can terminate the Franchise Agreement if you fail to open the 
Center for business within 4 months from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise Agreement 
– Section 5.5). 
 
By reading this disclosure document, you are not agreeing to, acknowledging, or making any 
representations whatsoever to the Franchisor and its affiliates. 
FOR THE STATE OF INDIANA 
1. 
Item 8 of the Disclosure Document is amended to add the following: 
Under Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(4), Franchisor will not obtain money, goods, services, or 
any other benefit from any other person with whom the Franchisee does business, on account of, 
or in relation to, the transaction between the Franchisee and the other person, other than for 
compensation for services rendered by the franchisor, unless the benefit is promptly accounted for, 
and transmitted by the Franchisee. 
2. 
Items 6 and 9 of the Disclosure Document are amended to add the following: 
The Franchisee will not be required to indemnify franchisor for any liability imposed upon 
franchisor as a result of Franchisee’s reliance upon or use of procedures or products that were 
