- 18  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
We will administer and direct all programs that the Brand Fund finances, with sole control over 
the creative concepts, materials and endorsements used and their geographic, market and media placement 
and allocation. The Fund will pay for preparing and producing local, regional, or national advertisements, 
video, audio and written materials and electronic media; administering regional and multi-regional 
marketing and advertising programs, (including, without limitation, using in-house or outside 
advertising, promotion and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance); and supporting 
public relations, market research and other advertising, promotion, and marketing activities. The Fund 
periodically will give you samples of advertising, marketing and promotional formats and materials and 
we may require you to use a specific vendor to have these produced at a cost to you, plus related shipping, 
and handling charges. 
 
We will account for the Fund separately from our other funds (but we are not required to maintain 
a separate account for the Fund) and will not use the Brand Fund for any of our general operating 
expenses, except to compensate the reasonable salaries, administrative costs of the Fund), travel expenses 
and overhead we incur in administering the National Marketing Fund and its programs, including, 
without limitation, conducting market research, preparing advertising, promotion and marketing 
materials, and collecting and accounting for Fund contributions. The Fund is not our asset, is not a trust, 
and we do not owe you fiduciary obligations because of our maintaining, directing, or administering the 
Fund or any other reason. We will not use Brand Fund contributions for advertising that is principally a 
solicitation for the sale of franchises, except that in certain ads with available space, we may insert certain 
language as to the availability of franchise opportunities. The Fund may spend in any fiscal year more or 
less than the total Fund contributions in that year; borrow from us or others to cover deficits or invest 
any surplus for future use. We will use all interest earned on Brand Fund contributions to pay costs before 
using the Fund’s other assets. We will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of Brand Fund collections 
and expenses and give you the statement upon written request. We may incorporate the Fund or operate it 
through a separate entity whenever we deem it appropriate. During our last fiscal year completed on 
December 31, 2024, we did not collect any funds from Franchisees for the Brand Fund. 
 
We intend the Brand Fund to maximize recognition of the Marks and patronage of AumBio 
Center businesses. Although we will try to use the Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials 
and programs, and to place advertising and marketing, that will benefit all Businesses in the System, we 
need not ensure that Fund expenditures in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent 
to the Fund contributions by AumBio Center businesses operating in that geographic area or that any 
AumBio Center business  benefit  directly  or  in  proportion  to  its  Brand  Fund  contribution  from the 
development or placement of advertising and marketing materials. We may forgive, waive, settle, and 
compromise all claims by or against the Fund. We assume no direct or indirect liability or obligation to you 
for collecting amounts due to, maintaining, directing, or administering the Fund. 
 
We may at any time defer or reduce the Fund contributions of an AumBio Center business and, 
upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice, reduce or suspend Fund contributions and operations for one 
or more periods of any length and terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Fund. If we terminate the 
Fund, we will distribute all unspent monies to all AumBio Center businesses (whether franchised or 
operated by us or our affiliates) in proportion to their respective Brand Fund contributions during the 
preceding twelve (12) month period. 
 
We are not obligated to expend the Brand Fund Fee or placement of advertising in your territory, 
or to ensure that your franchise business benefits directly or pro-rata from advertising fee expenditures. 
We will not use the Brand Fund Fee for creating or placing any advertisements that principally solicit 
for new Franchisees. However, we may use the Marketing Fund to prepare general advertising that refers 
to or mentions advertising opportunities within the advertising creative. For instance, a portion of the 
