- 6  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
TYPE OF FEE 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE 
REMARKS 
 
Liquidated 
damages8 
An amount equal to royalty 
fees 
and 
Brand 
Fund 
contributions for the lesser 
of (i) 2 years or (ii) the 
remaining months of the 
franchise term. 
 
On demand 
Payable if we terminate your 
franchise agreement because 
of your default, or if you 
terminate the franchise 
agreement without the right 
to do so. 
On-Site Inspection 
Fee 
Up to $5,000 
Upon our invoice 
If the inspection is due to 
Franchisee’s failure to 
provide required reports or 
the inspection reveals 
material deficiencies, we 
have the right to impose a 
fee of up to $5,000. 
 
 
Prohibited Product 
or Service Fine 
 
$500 per day of use of 
unauthorized products or 
services. 
 
If incurred 
In addition to other remedies 
available to us 
 
 
Notes:  
 
1.  Unless we note otherwise, all fees are imposed by us and are payable to us and are uniformly imposed.  
We will collect the weekly fees by automatic bank drafts.  To facilitate the automatic bank draft, you must 
execute the documentation that we or your bank require.   
 
2. “Gross Revenues” means the amount of all your revenues and income related to your business whether 
for cash or credit and regardless of collection and including exchanges in kind or for barter.  Gross Revenues 
do not include sales or like taxes, provided they are separately stated in the customer’s charge, are collected 
from the customer, and are actually paid to appropriate taxing authority.  Gross Revenues include, without 
limitation, amounts you receive or are entitled to receive from the offer for sale, sale of all products, or 
merchandise that you offer for sale, whether such sales were conducted in compliance with or in violation 
of the Franchise Agreement.  Gross Revenues also includes insurance proceeds you receive for loss of profit 
or business or for damage to goods. 
 
3.  The Renewal Fee compensates us for our legal and administrative costs in the processing of the renewal 
of the franchise, including the inspection of the Center premises, if necessary. 
 
4.  The term “Inflation Adjustment” refers to our right to increase a fee based upon an increase in the 
Consumer Price Index: All Items/U.S. Cities Average – All Urban Consumers (1982-1984 = 100), 
published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor, or a comparative index we select if 
the foregoing index is no longer published. 
 
5.  The Transfer Fee compensates us for the expenses we incur related to the transfer, such as attorney’s 
fees, training, and other assistance we provide the transferee.   
 
