 
- 7 - 
AumBio  FDD2025v1 
arbitrator must follow the law and not disregard the terms of this Agreement. The arbitrator must have at 
least 5 years of significant experience in franchise law. Each party must bear its own costs of arbitration; 
provided, however, that the neutral or the single arbitrator’s fee will be shared equally by the parties. 
 
The arbitrator’s award must be rendered within seven (7) days of the close of the hearing and will 
include all fees, costs, and attorneys’ fees for Franchisor if Franchisor is the prevailing party. The arbitrator 
will have no authority to determine class action claims and will have no authority to amend or modify the 
terms of the Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no issue of fact or law may be given 
preclusive or collateral estoppel effect in any arbitration, except to the extent such issue may have been 
determined in another proceeding between the parties. 
 
 
Judgment upon the award of the arbitrator must be submitted for confirmation to a court of general 
jurisdiction in a court of general jurisdiction in the county of Franchisor’s then-current headquarters, and, if 
confirmed, may be subsequently entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. The decision of the 
arbitrator(s) will be final and binding on all parties to the dispute; however, the arbitrator(s) may not under 
any circumstances: (1) stay the effectiveness of any pending termination of this Agreement; (2) assess 
punitive or exemplary damages, or (3) make any award which extends, modifies, or suspends any lawful 
term of this Agreement or any reasonable standard of business. This agreement to arbitrate will survive any 
termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 
18.3  
Exceptions to Arbitration. Notwithstanding Section 18.2, the parties agree that the 
following claims will not be subject to arbitration: 
 
(i)  any action for declaratory or equitable relief, including, without limitation, 
seeking preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, other relief in the nature of equity 
to enjoin any harm or threat of harm to such party’s tangible or intangible property, brought at any time, 
including, without limitation, prior to or during the pendency of any arbitration proceedings initiated 
hereunder. 
 
(ii)  any claim of Franchisor of non-payment by Franchisee of any fee or other 
sum due by Developer to Franchisor.       
 
18.4  
Prior Notice of Claims. As a condition precedent to commencing an action for damages 
or for violation or breach of this Agreement, Developer must notify Franchisor within thirty (30) days after the 
discovery of the violation or breach and grant Franchisor reasonable opportunity to cure any alleged default.  
Failure to timely give such notice will preclude any claim for damages. 
 
18.5  
Third Party Beneficiaries. Franchisor’s officers, directors, shareholders, agents and/or 
employees are express third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, each having authority to specifically 
enforce the right to mediate/arbitrate claims asserted against such person(s) by Developer. As a condition 
precedent to commencing an action for damages or for violation or breach of this Agreement, Developer 
must notify Franchisor within thirty (30) days. 
 
18.6  
Venue. Nothing contained in this Agreement will prevent Franchisor or Developer from 
applying to and obtaining from any court having jurisdiction a writ of attachment, a temporary injunction, 
preliminary injunction and/or other emergency relief available to safeguard such party’s interests. In the 
event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement or based upon the relationship between the parties, 
venue for any such litigation shall be any court of general jurisdiction in the district of the United States 
District Court sitting in the county of Franchisor’s then-current headquarters. Developer hereby accepts and 
submits to, generally and unconditionally, for itself and with respect to its property, the jurisdiction of any 
such courts in any such action or proceeding and hereby waives, to the greatest extent permitted by 
applicable law defenses based on jurisdiction, venue, or forum non conveniens. The provisions of this 
