- 9  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
4. 
The low end figure reflects the minimum equipment purchase requirement.  You may add 
additional equipment at your discretion. 
 
5.    
You must maintain certain insurance policies and coverages we specify. Insurance policies we 
specify will include comprehensive general liability insurance, fire and extended coverage 
insurance and automobile liable insurance.  You must also maintain any insurance required by law 
such as worker’s compensation insurance.  Under the Franchise Agreement you must obtain and 
maintain the following insurance: (1) general liability in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence, 
$2,000,000 aggregate limit; (2) “all risks” coverage for the full cost of replacement of the Center 
premises and all other property in which we may have an interest with no coinsurance clause; (3) 
business interruption insurance in a sufficient amount to cover profit margins, maintenance of 
competent and desirable personnel and fixed expenses for a period of at least 90 days including 
payment of Royalties otherwise due to us; (4) workers’ compensation insurance in  amounts 
provided by applicable law (but no less than $500,000 per occurrence) or, if permissible under 
applicable law, any legally appropriate alternative providing substantially similar compensation to 
injured workers, subject to the conditions set forth in the Franchise Agreement; and (5) other 
insurance required by state or local law where the Center is located. Your cost for the required 
insurance will depend on the location of your territory, the charges imposed by the insurance 
carriers, your insurance history, and the amount of any deductible.  Your insurance policies must 
provide that your insurers will give us thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination, expiration 
or cancellation of any of the insurance.  You will name Franchisor as an additional insured party 
on all your insurance policies.  Your insurance costs may not be uniform because insurance 
premiums differ depending on your location, your insurance company’s assessment of the risk of 
insuring you, the amounts of insurance you need, your insurance history, applicable law in the 
jurisdiction where your Center is located and general economic conditions. 
 
6. 
You are required to license certain software for use in the Franchised Business.  You will pay 
license fees directly to the vendor. 
 
7. 
Licensing laws and permit requirements, including fees, may vary depending on the county, state, 
or municipality.  You must comply with these laws. 
 
8. 
This amount includes expenses you will incur to obtain legal counsel to review the Franchise 
Agreement and this Disclosure Document and to form your business entity and obtain an 
accountant to set up your accounting systems. 
 
9. 
Our cost of our Initial Training for up to 2 people is included in your Initial Franchise Fee.  You 
must pay for the expense of attendance, including lodging, meals, transportation, and wages of your 
employees that attend. 
 
10. 
This category covers the initial expenses you will likely incur while you establish your business.  
Your expenditures will depend on factors such as your business skills and experience, general and 
local economic conditions, competition, the prevailing wage rate, the number of services you 
provide during the initial period, how well your business is performing, and the number of hours 
you are willing to invest in your business.  These expenses do not include any draw or salary for 
the owners of the business, but they do include employee salaries. This is only an estimate, and we 
cannot guarantee that the amounts specified will be adequate.  You may need additional funds 
during the first 3 months of initial operations or afterwards.  We do not furnish or authorize our 
salespersons or any other persons or entities to furnish estimates as to the capital or other reserve 
funds necessary to reach “break-even” or any other financial position, nor should you rely on any 
