- 28  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION OF 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SUMMARY 
(m) Conditions for our approval of 
transfer 
15.4 
New Franchisee qualifies, you pay us and third-party vendors all 
amounts due and submit all reports, new franchise owner (and its 
owners and affiliates) are not in a competitive business, training 
completed, transferee signs our then current franchise agreement and 
other documents, transfer fee paid, transferee pays us training fee, 
you sign release, owners of transferee sign guaranty, you agree to a 
non-compete restriction. 
 
(n) Our right of first refusal to acquire 
your business 
 
None 
Not Applicable 
(o) Our option to purchase your 
business 
 
None 
Not Applicable 
(p) Your death or disability 
15.3 
Upon your death or disability, your representative must transfer your 
interest to an approved party within six (6) months.  Such a transfer 
is subject to the same terms and conditions as any other transfer. 
 
(q) Non-competition covenants during 
the term of the franchise 
18.5 (i) 
No involvement in a competing business anywhere in the U.S.  The 
term “Competitive Business” means any business or Center that 
operates an alternative holistic health center and provides services 
similar to those offered at a AumBio  Center, or any business which 
grants franchises or licenses to others to operate such a business, 
other than a Franchised Business operated under a Franchise 
Agreement with us.  You must not divert any business from your 
Center or from us. 
 
(r) Non-competition covenants after the 
franchise is terminated or expires 
18.5 (ii) 
No direct or indirect ownership interest in, or performing services 
for, Competitive Business for 2 years within the Territory or within 
any Territory where a AumBio  Center is located when you sign the 
Franchise Agreement, or within 50 miles of your location at the time 
of termination or expiration (same restrictions apply after transfer). 
 
(s) Modification of the Agreement 
23.3 
All modifications must be in writing and signed by all parties, but 
we may change Operations Manual and System Standards. 
 
(t) Integration/merger clause 
Article 27 
Only terms of the franchise agreement are binding (subject to state 
law).  Nothing in the agreement or in any related agreement is 
intended to disclaim the representations franchisor made in the 
franchise disclosure document. Any representations or promises 
outside of the disclosure document and franchise agreement may not 
be enforceable.  
 
 
(u) Dispute resolution by arbitration or 
mediation 
Article 19 
Except for actions brought by us for monies owed, injunctive or 
extraordinary relief, or actions involving real estate, all disputes 
must be mediated and arbitrated in the city where our headquarters 
is located and will be subject to the Commercial Arbitration Rules 
of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service (“JAMS”).   
 
 
 
