AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
AumBio Franchising, LLC 
An Illinois Limited Liability Company 
1645 Hicks Rd., Unit C, Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 
847-358-5858 
info@aumbiocenter.com 
www.aumbiocenter.com  
 
As a Franchisee, you will operate a alternative holistic wellness center, providing client wellness 
consultations and therapies. 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a AumBio franchise is $159,320 to $267,620. 
This includes $50,000 that must be paid to the franchisor or affiliate.  
The total investment necessary to begin operation under a three- unit Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement (including the first unit) is $234,320 to $342,620. This includes $125,000 that must be paid to 
the franchisor. You may develop up to three AumBio units under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully.  
You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement 
with, or make any payment to, Franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  
Note, however, that no government agency has verified the information contained in this document. 
 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for 
you.  To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact  
 
The terms of your contract govern your franchise relationship.  Don’t rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your contract and 
this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a 
Franchise”, which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the 
Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.  You can also visit the FTC’s home page at 
