 
31 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
to the obligations of the Franchisee to the Franchisor. If the unencumbered inventory and equipment 
exceeds the amount owed by the Franchisee to Franchisor on the date of expiration or termination, 
Franchisor may select that inventory and equipment which it wishes to apply to the outstanding debt 
of the Franchisee to Franchisor and return the balance of unencumbered inventory and equipment to 
the Franchisee. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Franchisee shall forthwith 
surrender possession of the Center premises to Franchisor which may, but shall not be obligated to, 
assume possession, occupancy, and control thereof. The assumption of possession, occupancy, or 
control of the premises by Franchisor shall not relieve the Franchisee of any obligations which may 
have accrued to the date of assumption of control by the Franchisor, but which have been unpaid by 
the Franchisee. All such obligations shall remain the obligations of the Franchisee. If Franchisor 
elects not to assume possession or control of the Center premises the Franchisee shall at the 
Franchisee’s expense, make such modifications or alterations thereto immediately upon termination 
or expiration of this Franchise Agreement as Franchisor may demand to prevent the operation of any 
business therein by the Franchisee being confused with or thought of by the public as a business 
affiliated with Franchisor for any purpose. 
 
 
17.4 
The Franchisee hereby irrevocably appoints Franchisor as the agent and attorney-
in-fact of the Franchisee effective immediately upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement 
to perfect the transfer and assignment to Franchisor of each telephone number and telephone 
directory listing then or theretofore used in connection with the operation of the franchised business. 
Franchisee shall execute the Telephone Listings Agreement attached hereto as Schedule “G”.  The 
transfer of telephone numbers and telephone directory listing to Franchisor shall not relieve the 
Franchisee of any obligation with respect thereto which arose or accrued prior to the date of such 
transfer. Franchisor shall not be obligated to assume any such prior obligation as a condition of the 
transfer of telephone numbers or of directory listings. 
 
 
17.5 
Immediately upon termination or expiration of this Franchise Agreement, the 
Franchisee shall pay all sums owing to Franchisor or affiliates and to suppliers and vendors, including 
the outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest on any notes or evidence of indebtedness of 
the Franchisee payable to the order of the Franchisor. The payment to Franchisor of all principal 
amounts owing shall be accelerated on all debt items including debt items which theretofore had 
been the subject of payment schedules, even if payment was then being made promptly according to 
the agreed schedule. All debts of the Franchisee to the Franchisor, regardless of kind, amount, or 
method of payment agreed upon shall accelerate and be due and payable in full upon the expiration 
or termination of this Franchise Agreement. The Franchisee hereby grants to Franchisor a lien and 
security interest against any and all personal property, equipment and fixtures owned by the 
Franchisee and used in connection with the Center as security for the payment of all such obligations. 
 
 
17.6    
Upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement, if the Franchisee 
shall fail or refuse to perform any obligation of the Franchisee incident to termination or expiration 
hereof and Franchisor shall be put to enforcing such obligations, the Franchisee shall pay all 
damages, costs, interest, and expense of suit, including actual attorney fees and expenses related to 
prosecution of collection. Any security interest granted to Franchisor by the Franchisee herein shall 
remain in full force and effect until all such obligations are fully paid including the cost of 
enforcement thereof. 
 
 
17.7 
Upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement, Franchisor shall 
have, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it, the right (but not the obligation), 
without liability for trespass, tort, criminal act, or otherwise, to: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Enter and inspect and take control of the Center premises in which the 
