 
22 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
12.  
ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS 
 
 
 
12.1 
Reports.  In addition to the reports otherwise required herein, you shall comply with 
the following reporting obligations: 
 
 
 
(i) 
You shall, at your expense, submit to us, in the form prescribed by us, a 
profit and loss statement for each month (which may be unaudited) for you within fifteen (15) days 
after the end of each month during the term hereof; 
 
 
 
(ii) 
You shall invite Franchisor and/or it’s designated accountant to view only 
access of your online accounting system and shall assist in permitting third party applications to 
integrate with your accounting systems (including bookkeeping, payroll, cash register and point of 
sale) for the intended purpose of gathering and comparing location data. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
  You shall, at your expense, provide to us a complete annual financial 
statement for you prepared by a certified public accountant who is not an owner, immediate family 
member or employee of the Franchisee, within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year 
during the term hereof, showing the results of operations of you during such fiscal year; we reserve 
the right to require such financial statements to be reviewed or audited by an independent certified 
public accountant satisfactory to us at your cost and expense if an inspection discloses an 
understatement of payments due to us of two percent (2%) or more in any report, pursuant to Section 
12.2; and 
 
 
 
(iv) 
   You shall also submit to us, for review or auditing, such other forms, 
reports, records, information, and data as we may reasonably designate, and which pertain to the 
Center, in the form and at the times and places reasonably required by us, upon request and as 
specified from time to time in writing. 
 
 
12.2  
Inspections; Audits. 
 
 
We or our designees shall have the right, during normal business hours, to review, audit, 
examine and copy any or all of your books and records as we may require at the Center.   You shall 
make such books and records available to us or our designee immediately upon request.   If any 
required royalty or other payments due to us are delinquent, or if an inspection should reveal that 
such payments have been understated in any report to us, then you shall immediately pay to us the 
amount overdue or understated upon demand with interest determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 4.8.  If an inspection discloses an understatement in any report of two (2%) 
percent or more, you shall, in addition, reimburse us for all costs and expenses connected with the 
inspection (including, without limitation, reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees).  These 
remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity. 
 
12.3  
Correction of Errors. 
 
 
You understand and agree that our receipt or acceptance of any of the statements furnished 
or royalties paid to us (or the cashing of any royalty checks or processing of any Electronic Payment) 
shall not preclude us from questioning the correctness thereof at any time and, in the event that any 
inconsistencies or mistakes are discovered in such statements or payments, they shall immediately 
be rectified by you and the appropriate payment shall be made by you. 
 
 
