- 12  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
limit; (2) “all risks” coverage for the full cost of replacement of the Center premises and all other property 
in which we may have an interest with no coinsurance clause; (3) business interruption insurance in a 
sufficient amount to cover profit margins, maintenance of competent and desirable personnel and fixed 
expenses for a period of at least 90 days including payment of Royalties otherwise due to us; (4) workers’ 
compensation insurance in  amounts provided by applicable law (but no less than $500,000 per occurrence) 
or, if permissible under applicable law, any legally appropriate alternative providing substantially similar 
compensation to injured workers, subject to the conditions set forth in the Franchise Agreement; (5) cyber-
liability insurance; (6) employment practices insurance; and (7) other insurance required by state or local 
law where the Center is located.  Your cost for the required insurance will depend on the location of your 
territory, the charges imposed by the insurance carriers, your insurance history, and the amount of any 
deductible.  Your insurance policies must provide that your insurers will give us thirty (30) days prior 
written notice of termination, expiration or cancellation of any of the insurance.  You must name us as an 
additional insured party on any required insurance policy. 
 
 
Modifications to the System.  Changes in the market, business conditions and/or demands of 
customers may occur during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  As the result of those changes, we 
may make changes to the System which may include modifications to the required equipment, required 
insurance policies and coverage, suppliers, specifications, and other aspects of the AumBio System.  You 
must comply with all the changes that we make. 
 
 
Refurbishment and Remodeling.  You shall, upon our request, remodel and/or redecorate the 
Center premises, equipment (including point of sale or computer hardware and software systems), signage, 
interior and exterior décor items, fixtures, furnishings, supplies and other products and materials required 
for the operation of the Center to our then-current system wide standards and specifications.  The cost of 
any refurbishment, excluding equipment, computer hardware or software shall not exceed $5,000 every 
five (5) years during the term of the Franchise Agreement, except if the Center is transferred, in which case 
we may require that the transferee remodel and/or redecorate the Center. 
 
 
ITEM 9 
 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements.  It will help 
you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other items 
of the franchise disclosure document. 
 
 
Obligation 
 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Section in 
Multi-Unit 
Development 
Agreement 
 
Disclosure Document 
Item 
a. Site selection and acquisition/lease 
3.1; 5.1; 5.2; 5.5 
7.1; 7.2 
Item 11 
b. Pre-opening purchases/leases 
5.3; 7.2; 7.15 
7.2 
Items 5 and 8 
c. Site development and other pre-
opening requirements 
5.5; 5.6 
Article 6 
Item 11 
d.  Initial and ongoing training 
6.1(i); 6.2  
None 
 Items 6,7, and 11 
e.  Opening 
5.5; 7.2 
Article 6 
 Item 5 
f.  Fees 
4 
Article 5 
 Items 5,6 and 11 
