 
24 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
(v) 
 Cyber-liability insurance in the amount of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000) per occurrence, Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) aggregate limit. 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Employment practices insurance in the amount of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000) per occurrence, Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) aggregate limit. 
 
 
 
(vii)   Such other insurance as may be required by the state or locality in which the 
Center is located and operated or as may be required by the terms of the lease for the Center. 
 
 
 
(viii)   You may, with our prior written consent, which consent may be withheld or 
denied, elect to have reasonable deductibles in connection with the coverages required herein. Such 
policies shall also include a waiver of subrogation in favor of us, our affiliates, and our respective 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants 
and employees. 
 
 
 
(ix)  
In connection with any construction, renovation, refurbishment, or 
remodeling of the Center, you shall maintain Builder’s Risks/installation insurance in forms and 
amounts, and written by a responsible, duly licensed carrier or carriers, reasonably satisfactory to us. 
 
 
 
(x)    Your obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policy or policies in the 
amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be 
maintained by us, nor shall your performance of that obligation relieve you of liability under the 
indemnity provisions set forth in Article 22 of this Agreement. 
 
 
 
(xi) 
All general liability and property damage policies shall contain a provision 
that we, our affiliates and the officers, directors, shareholders, partners, agents, representatives, 
independent contractors, servants, and employees of each of them, although named as insureds, shall 
nevertheless be entitled to recover under such policies on any loss occasioned to us or our servants, 
agents or employees by reason of the negligence of you or your servants, agents or employees. 
 
 
 
(xii)    Not later than thirty (30) days before the Center initially opens for business, 
and thereafter thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of any such policy, you shall deliver to us 
Certificates of Insurance evidencing the existence and continuation of proper coverage with limits 
not less than those required hereunder. In addition, if requested by us, you shall deliver to us a copy 
of the insurance policy or policies required hereunder. All insurance policies required hereunder, 
with the exception of workers’ compensation, shall name us, our affiliates and the officers, directors, 
shareholders, partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants, and employees of 
each of them, as additional named insureds, and shall expressly provide that any interest of same 
therein shall not be affected by any breach by you of any policy provisions. Further, all insurance 
policies required hereunder shall expressly provide that no less than thirty (30) days’ prior written 
notice shall be given to us in the event of a material alteration to or cancellation of the policies. 
 
 
13.3   Should you, for any reason, fail to procure or maintain the insurance required by this 
Agreement, as such requirements may be revised from time to time by us in writing, we shall have 
the right and authority (without, however, any obligation to do so) immediately to procure such 
insurance and to charge same to you, which charges shall be payable by you immediately upon 
notice. The foregoing remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in 
equity. 
 
 
13.4 
Upon written request by us, you shall procure from your insurance carrier or carriers 
a report of claims made and reserves set against your insurance policies. 
