 
- 3 - 
AumBio  FDD2025v1 
we approve the lease, you agree to deliver a copy of the signed lease to us within five (5) days of its 
execution along with the Lease Addendum.  You will give the landlord our form of the Lease Addendum 
when you begin discussions with the prospective landlord.  You agree not to sign any lease or renewal of a 
lease unless you have also obtained the Lease Addendum signed by the landlord. 
 
 
 
 
 
8. 
NO RIGHT TO OPERATE OR USE TRADEMARKS 
 
 
Developer acknowledges and agrees that (i) until a Franchise Agreement has been entered 
into for a specific Center, Developer shall not have, nor be entitled to exercise, any of the rights, 
powers and privileges granted by the Franchise Agreement, including, without limitation, the right 
to use the Marks or the System; (ii) the execution of this Agreement shall not be deemed to grant 
any such rights, powers or privileges to Developer; and (iii) Developer may not under any 
circumstances commence operations of any Center prior to Franchisor’s execution of a Franchise 
Agreement for that particular Center. 
 
9. 
TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS 
 
 
 
9. 1  
Assignment by Franchisor. This Agreement may be unilaterally assigned by 
Franchisor and shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. Developer agrees and affirms 
that Franchisor may sell itself, its assets, the Marks and/or the System to a third party; may go public, 
may engage in private placement of some or all of its securities; may merge, acquire other 
corporations, or be acquired by another corporation; and/or may undertake a refinancing, 
recapitalization, leveraged buyout or other economic or financial restructuring. Developer further 
agrees and affirms that Franchisor has the right, now or in the future, to purchase, merge, acquire or 
affiliate with an existing competitive or noncompetitive franchise network, chain or any other business 
regardless of the location of that chain's or business’ facilities, and to operate, franchise or license 
those businesses and/or facilities as AumBio  Centers operating under the Marks or any other marks 
following Franchisor’s purchase, merger, acquisition or affiliation, regardless of the location of these 
facilities, which Developer acknowledges may be proximate to any of its Centers. With regard to any 
of the above sales, assignments and dispositions, Developer expressly and specifically waives any 
claims, demands or damages arising from or related to the loss of Franchisor's name, the Marks (or 
any variation thereof) and the System under this Agreement.  
 
9.2  
Assignment by Developer. Developer shall not subfranchise, sell, assign, transfer, 
merge, convey or encumber (each, a “Transfer”) this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations 
hereunder, or suffer or permit any such Transfer of this Agreement or its rights or obligations hereunder 
to occur by operation of law or otherwise without the prior express written consent of Franchisor. In 
addition, if Developer is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, business trust, or similar 
association or entity, the shareholders, members, partners, beneficiaries, investors, or other equity 
holders, as the case may be, may not Transfer their equity interests in such corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, business trust, or similar association or entity, without the prior written consent 
of Franchisor. Furthermore, in the event that any shareholder, member, partner, investor, or other equity 
holder of Developer (the “Equity Holder”) is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, business 
trust, or similar association or entity, the interests of the shareholders, members, partners, beneficiaries, 
investors or other equity holders, as the case may be, in such Equity Holder, may not be Transferred, without 
the prior written consent of Franchisor. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
Franchisor shall have the right to approve or disapprove a Transfer under this Section 9.2 in its sole 
discretion. Any Transfer in violation of this Section shall be void and of no force and effect. 
 
 
9.3  
Death or Disability of Developer.  Upon Developer’s death or Disability (as such term is 
hereinafter defined), this Agreement or the ownership interest of any deceased or disabled shareholder, 
