 
- 2 - 
AumBio  FDD2025v1 
 
4. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
Contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement, Developer shall execute the 
Franchise Agreement for the first Center to be developed pursuant to this Agreement.  Within ten (10) days 
after Franchisor approves each approved site for each Center to be developed hereunder, Developer must 
sign and deliver to Franchisor two copies of Franchisor’s then-current Franchise Agreement for that Center 
together with any ancillary agreements required by the Franchise Agreement.  Once Franchisor has received 
the signed Franchise Agreement and all ancillary agreements it requires in satisfactory form, Franchisor 
will countersign the Franchise Agreement and return one fully signed copy to Developer.    
 
 
5. 
DEVELOPMENT FEE 
 
 
Developer shall pay to Franchisor a development fee in an amount set forth on Schedule “A” (the 
“Development Fee”).  The Development Fee shall be paid in full at the time of the execution of this 
Agreement.  Developer acknowledges and agrees that the Development Fee is paid as consideration for 
Franchisor granting Developer the right to open and operate the number of Centers set forth in the 
Development Schedule, and that the Development Fee is fully earned by Franchisor at the time this 
agreement is signed and shall not be refundable for any reason.  The Development Fee shall be payment in 
full for all of the Centers to be developed by Developer pursuant to this Agreement.  No additional Initial 
Franchise Fees shall be due and payable by Developer for the Centers to be developed pursuant to this 
Agreement.  If for any reason this Agreement terminates before all Centers have been developed, Franchisor 
will retain the Development Fee previously paid by Developer. 
 
 
6. 
DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 
Developer must (i) establish and open the specified minimum number of Centers on or before each 
of the dates specified on the Development Schedule; and (ii) maintain the specified minimum number of 
Centers in continuous operation as specified on the Development Schedule.  Developer’s failure to comply 
with the foregoing requirements shall constitute a material default under this Agreement.  Developer 
understands that time is of the essence with respect to its obligations to comply with the Development 
Schedule.  Developer acknowledges and understands that this Agreement requires it to open Centers in the 
future pursuant to the Development Schedule.  Developer further acknowledges and understands that the 
estimated investment requirement set forth in the Franchisor’s current Disclosure Document are subject to 
increase and change over time and that future Centers developed hereunder will most likely require a greater 
initial investment and increased operating capital than those detailed in the Disclosure Document provided 
to Developer in connection with the execution of this Agreement.  
 
 
7. 
SITE SELECTION AND ACCEPTANCE 
 
 
7.1 Developer is responsible for locating sites for the Centers.  We will evaluate your proposed 
location within 15 days of your submission to us of a complete site approval package. We may assist you 
in selecting sites for your Centers, but we will not be obligated to do so.  Our approval of any site that you 
propose shall not be construed as a representation or warranty by us that your Center will be successful at 
the approved site.  You acknowledge that we will have no liability to you relating to the approved site.  In 
approving a site that you have proposed, we will take into consideration such factors as demographics, 
traffic patterns, competition, and any other factors that we deem relevant. 
 
 
7.2   Lease of the Premises.  Franchisee must deliver copies of the proposed lease agreement and 
related documents to Franchisor prior to signing them.  You agree not to sign any lease agreement or related 
documents (or any renewal of it) unless we have previously approved them.  Our approval, which will not 
be unreasonably withheld, will be limited to ensuring that the lease is consistent with this Agreement.  If 
