- 2  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
AumBio centers are operated under the Marks and the System in accordance with the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement. The Centers are generally located within shopping centers, business parks, medical 
plazas, multi-use developments, urban and suburban locations.  AumBio Centers will typically be at least 
700 to 2,000 square feet in size.   
 
The Franchise Agreement 
 
 
We offer the right to establish and operate a AumBio Center under the terms of a single unit 
franchise agreement within a specific Territory (the “Franchise Agreement”), Exhibit “B” to this Disclosure 
Document.  You may be an individual, corporation, partnership, or other form of legal entity.  Under the 
Franchise Agreement, certain parties are characterized as Franchisee’s Principals.  The Franchise 
Agreement is signed by us, by you, and by those of your Principals whom we designate as Controlling 
Principals.  In most instances, we will designate your principal equity owners and executive officers, and 
certain affiliated entities as Controlling Principals.  By signing the Franchise Agreement, your Controlling 
Principals agree to be individually bound by certain obligations in the Franchise Agreement, including 
covenants concerning confidentiality and non-competition, and to personally guarantee your performance 
under the Franchise Agreement.  Depending on the type of business activities in which your Principals may 
be involved, we may require you or your Principals to sign additional confidentiality and non-competition 
agreements. 
 
 
Upon establishing each additional outlet under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, the 
franchisee/developer will be required to sign a then-current Franchise Agreement, which may differ from 
the current Franchise Agreement included with this FDD. 
 
Market and Competition 
 
Alternative holistic health center businesses are fragmented and currently not well developed.  
Sales are generally not seasonal.  You should assume that other alternative holistic health centers will 
provide you with competition.  We or our affiliates may establish AumBio Centers in your market area 
outside of your Territory (if permitted under the Franchise Agreement) and/or sell or license others to sell 
products in your area.  Also, we may sell products through the internet, toll-free telephone numbers, 
catalogs, and other similar means of distribution to customers at any location, which may be located in your 
area.  
 
Regulatory Matters 
 
  
AumBio franchises do not provide medical services or issue medical diagnoses.  We are not aware 
of any laws or regulations that specifically apply to alternative holistic wellness centers.  We recommend 
that you consult with your attorney concerning the potential applicability of local laws to your Aum Bio 
franchised business.  Many of the laws, rules and regulations that apply to business generally have 
applicability to alternative holistic health facilities.  All AumBio Centers must comply with federal, state, 
and local laws applicable to the operation and licensing of  facilities that provide Aum Bio services and 
obtain any applicable licenses, and approvals by municipal, county, or state regulatory bodies.  Franchisees 
must conduct their own due diligence on local and state laws and regulatory authorities within whose 
purview this activity may now, or in the future, fall.  Franchisee understands it assumes all risk associated 
with impacts a regulatory or governing authority may have and how it may impact the daily operations, 
delivery of service, advertising, and promotion, etc. now or in the future.   
 
 
 
 
 
