- 1  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
AUMBIO FRANCHISING, LLC 
 
 
ITEM I 
 
THE FRANCHISOR, ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, the terms “we”, “us”, the “Company”, or 
“Franchisor” means AumBio Franchising, LLC, the franchisor.  The term “you”, means the person buying 
the franchise.  If you are a corporation, partnership, or other business entity, “you” includes your principals 
unless otherwise stated.  As used in this Disclosure Document, the term “principals” means your spouse, if 
you are an individual, and your owners, if you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or 
other legal entity.  If any owner is a corporation, partnership, Limited Liability Company, or other legal 
entity, then the term “principals” also includes all owners of that entity.  
 
The Franchisor 
 
 
We are an Illinois limited liability company.  We were formed on August 28, 2023.  Our principal 
business address is 1645 Hicks Rd., Unit C, Rolling Meadows, IL 60008. Our telephone number is 847-
358-5858.  We do business only under our entity name, “AumBio”, or “AumBio Center”.    We have offered 
franchises since October 17, 2023.  We are not engaged in the operation of businesses substantially similar 
to those offered in this Disclosure Document.  We are not engaged in any other business activities other 
than the franchising of AumBio businesses. 
 
 
We list our agents for service of process in Exhibit A to this Disclosure Document. 
 
 
We have written the Disclosure Document in “plain English” to comply with legal requirements.  
Any differences in the language in this Disclosure Document describing the terms, conditions or obligations 
under the Franchise Agreement, or any other agreements is not intended to alter in any way your or our 
rights or obligations under the particular agreement. 
 
Our Parent, Predecessor and Affiliates 
 
 
We have no parent.  Our predecessor and affiliate is Aum-Bio, Inc., an Illinois corporation formed 
on July 2, 2003.  Aum-Bio owns and operates 3 holistic wellness center businesses which are substantially 
similar to the businesses to be franchised and has never engaged in franchising activities in this or in any 
other line of business.   
 
Our Business 
 
 
We own the trademark “AumBio” and certain trademarks, trade names, service marks, logotypes 
and other commercial symbols related to it (collectively, the “Marks”).  We have developed a unique 
concept and system for the establishment and operation of alternative holistic wellness centers (the 
“System”).  The System includes the use of certain equipment and methods, distinctive standards, 
specifications, and procedures for operations; quality and uniformity of services offered; training and 
assistance; and advertising and promotional programs; all of which we may change, improve, and further 
develop, in our discretion.  Certain aspects of the System are more fully described in this Disclosure 
Document and the Manuals, which you should expect to evolve over time, that are provided to you as a 
Franchisee. 
 
