- 14  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
ITEM 11.   
 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
Pre-Opening Obligations 
 
Franchise Agreement:  Before you open your Center, we will: 
 
 
1. 
Review your proposed location for the Center and grant approval if the proposed location 
meets our approval.  We must approve your site.  Factors considered in selection and approval of a site 
include traffic count, visibility, demographics, competition in the area and occupancy cost.  (Franchise 
Agreement - Section 6.1(ii)). 
 
3. 
Provide you with written specifications for the operation and management of the franchised 
business (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.1(v)). 
 
 
4. 
Provide to you (if you are an individual) or at least one principal (if you are a corporation 
or other legal entity), your Center Manager our initial training program.  We will not charge tuition for you, 
if you are an individual, or up to two (2) individuals (if you are a corporation or a legal entity) attending the 
initial training program.  You are responsible for all training related expenses, including meals, lodging, 
travel, and wages.  (Franchise Agreement - Section 6.1 (vi)). 
 
 
5. 
Provide you a list of our approved suppliers, which is subject to change during the term of 
the Franchise Agreement (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.1 (ix)). 
 
 
6. 
Loan to you a copy of our Confidential Operations Manual or provide you access to the 
electronic version of the Manual (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.1 (i)).   
 
 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement:  Under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement we will 
provide you with the following assistance: 
 
1. 
We will grant you an exclusive Development Area within which you will assume the 
responsibility to establish and operate an agreed-upon number of AumBio Center Centers under separate 
Franchise Agreements (Multi-Unit Development Agreement – Section 2.1). 
 
2. 
We will review site survey information on sites you select for conformity with our 
standards and criteria for potential sites and, if the site meets out criteria, approve the site for a Center 
(Multi-Unit Development Agreement – Section 7.1). 
 
3. 
We will review your lease for conformity to our requirements (Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement – Section 7.2). 
 
Post-Opening Obligations 
 
During the operation of the Franchised Business, we will: 
 
