- 10  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
such estimates.  The 3-month period from beginning the business covers the time by which most 
Franchisees are fully in operation but does not necessarily mean that you will have reached “break-
even”, “positive cash flow”, or any other financial position.  In addition, the estimates presented 
relate only to costs associated with the Franchised Business, reflect minimal employee wages, and 
do not cover any personal, “living”, unrelated business or other expenses you may have, such as 
royalty payments, Brand Fund Contributions, debt service on any loans.  Although we make no 
estimates regarding the financial performance of an AumBio Center, we recommend that, in 
addition to the additional funds shown, you have sufficient personal savings and/or income so that 
you will be self-sufficient and need not draw funds from your Center for at least 3 months after 
start-up.   
 
 
The high/low amounts are based on one franchise and will vary based on the Territory you 
purchase.  The chart contains estimates only and we cannot guarantee that you will not have 
additional expenses starting your business. Your actual expenses may exceed our estimates.  Your 
costs will vary depending on such factors as:  how much you follow the System and our procedures; 
your management, sales and marketing skill and general business ability; local and general 
economic conditions; levels of competition; prevailing wage rates and the sales levels reached by 
you during the initial period.  We relied on the experience of our affiliates in operating a 
substantially similar business in arriving at the figures in this Item 7. 
   
 
ITEM 8 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 
We and our Franchisees have an interest in protecting the quality and integrity of the AumBio 
System.  To protect our common interest, we place certain restrictions on the products, equipment, services, 
and supplies you purchase; the merchandise and miscellaneous items you offer; and the sources from which 
you purchase them.   
The System includes certain products, equipment, services, and supplies that we or our affiliates 
have developed, or may develop in the future, that have proprietary properties or that we keep secret.  You 
must purchase certain equipment and supplies only from us, from suppliers we designate (which may be us 
or affiliates of ours) from suppliers you select, and we approve, or in accordance with our written 
specifications.  You must purchase specific therapy and assessment devices that meet our brand 
specifications. Currently, you will be required to purchase a minimum of two THERA WELLNESSTM 
(therapy) Devices and one Oberon consultation device.   
 
The THERA WELLNESS therapy device is not a medical device but instead is being marketed in 
the U.S.A. as a “General Wellness Product” as defined by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  
General Wellness Products (Devices) are meant to sustain or offer general improvement to functions 
associated with a general state of health and not to diagnose, prevent, mitigate or restore a structure or 
function that has been impaired due to a disease or (medical) condition.  Franchisees may not represent to 
customers or to the general public that it is making a medical diagnosis or treating a medical condition.  The 
violation of the foregoing policy is grounds for termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
We will list our approved suppliers and our specifications in the Confidential Operations Manual 
or in other written directives.  We may designate standards and specifications for the furniture, fixtures, and 
equipment you use in your Center. We anticipate that we will receive payments from designated suppliers 
from franchisee purchases based on the following: 10-15% on THERA WELLNESSTM purchases and 
