 
25 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
 
13.5 
 We reserve the right to modify the types of insurance coverages and amounts of 
coverage that you are required to maintain for the Center, and you agree to comply with any such 
changes, at your expense. 
 
14. 
DEBTS AND TAXES 
 
 
 
14.1   Taxes.   
 
 
 
You shall promptly pay when due all Taxes (as defined below), levied or assessed, and all 
accounts and other indebtedness of every kind incurred by you in the conduct of the Franchised 
Business under this Agreement. You shall be solely liable for the payment of all Taxes and shall 
indemnify us for the full amount of all such Taxes and for any liability (including penalties, interest, 
and expenses) arising from or concerning the payment of Taxes, whether such Taxes were correctly 
or legally asserted or not. You shall submit a copy of all tax filings sent to federal, state, and local 
tax authorities to us within ten (10) business days after such filing has been made with the appropriate 
taxing authority. 
 
 
 
The term “Taxes” means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, or other charges 
of whatever nature, including any interest or penalties thereon, imposed by any government or 
political subdivision of such government on or relating to the operation of the Franchised Business, 
the payment of monies, or the exercise of rights granted pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 
 
14.2    Payments to Us. 
 
 
 
Each payment to be made to us hereunder shall be made free and clear and without deduction 
for any Taxes. 
 
 
 
14.3  
Tax Disputes. 
 
 
 
In the event of any bona fide dispute as to your liability for taxes assessed or other 
indebtedness, you may contest the validity or the amount of the tax or indebtedness in accordance 
with the procedures of the taxing authority or applicable law. However, in no event shall you permit 
a tax sale or seizure by levy of execution or similar writ or warrant or attachment by a creditor to 
occur against the premises of the Center or any improvements thereon. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14.5  
Notification of Action or Proceeding. 
 
You shall notify and deliver to us, in writing within five (5) days of the commencement of 
any action, suit or proceeding and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award or decree of 
any court, agency or other governmental instrumentality, which may adversely affect the operation 
or financial condition of the Franchised Business. 
 
15. 
 ASSIGNMENT 
 
 
15.1   Assignment by Franchisor.   This Agreement may be unilaterally assigned by 
Franchisor and shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. Franchisee agrees and affirms 
that Franchisor may sell itself, its assets, the Marks and/or the System to a third-party; may go public, 
may engage in private placement of some or all of its securities; may merge, acquire other 
corporations, or be acquired by another corporation; and/or may undertake a refinancing, 
