 
42 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
28.   
FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 
In the event of an act of God, terror, war, insurrection, civil commotion, epidemic, pandemic, 
strike, lockout, or embargo; or lack of materials or telephone transmissions specified or reasonably 
necessary in connection with the operation of your Franchised Business or the System; or fire, 
unavoidable casualties, and any other occurrence, event, or condition beyond the reasonable control 
of Franchisee or Franchisor, whichever is applicable (a “Force Majeure”), Franchisor or Franchisee, 
as applicable, will be relieved of their respective obligations to the extent that Franchisee or 
Franchisor are necessarily prevented, or materially hindered or delayed, in such performance during 
the period of such Force Majeure. The party whose performance is affected by a Force Majeure shall 
give prompt written notice to the other party of such Force Majeure. 
 
29.   
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
 
29.1. The Franchisee acknowledges that it has conducted an independent investigation 
of the business licensed hereunder to the extent of the Franchisee’s desire to do so, and the 
Franchisee recognizes and acknowledges that the business venture contemplated by this 
Franchise Agreement involves business risks, and that its success will be largely dependent 
upon the ability of the Franchisee as an independent businessperson. Franchisor expressly 
disclaims the making of, and the Franchisee acknowledges that it has not received, any 
warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that the Franchisee will be successful in this venture 
or that the business will attain any level of sales volume, profits, or success. 
 
29.2 The Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that: (i) all obligations of Franchisor 
under this Agreement are owed by Franchisor alone; and (ii) no other entity, including without 
limitation Franchisor’s and our affiliates’ directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, 
employees, agents, or attorneys shall be subject to liability under this Agreement. 
 
29.3 The Franchisee acknowledges that it and each of its owners has received, fully 
read, and understood, and all questions have been answered regarding, a copy of Franchisor’s 
Franchise Disclosure Document with all exhibits at least fourteen (14) calendar days prior to 
signing any binding documents or paying any sums. 
 
29.4 The Franchisee understands, acknowledges, and agrees that there may be 
instances where Franchisor has varied, or will vary, the terms on which Franchisor offers 
franchises, the charges Franchisor (and/or Franchisor’s affiliates) make or otherwise deal with 
our franchisees to circumstances of a particular transaction, the particular circumstances of 
that franchisee, or otherwise. 
 
29.5  The Franchisee acknowledges that it has not received nor relied on (nor has 
Franchisor or any representative of Franchisor provided, except as may have been contained 
in the Franchise Disclosure Document received by Franchisee): (i) any sales, income or other 
projections of any kind or nature; or (ii) any statements, representations, charts, calculations 
or other materials which stated or suggested any levels or range of sales, income, profits or 
cash flow; or (iii) any representations as to any profits Franchisee may realize in the operations 
of the franchise business or any working capital or other funds necessary to reach any “break- 
even” or any other financial levels. 
 
29.6   Variances.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that: i) Franchisor may from 
time to time approve exceptions or changes to the standards and specifications of the System 
(including without limitation the amount and payment terms of any fee) that Franchisor deems 
