 
- 2 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
All notices to Franchisor shall be sent by registered or certified mail, postage 
prepaid, to the following address: 
 
AumBio Franchising, LLC 
Attn: Kamil Czubacki, Pres. 
1645 Hicks Rd., Unit C 
Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 
 
Franchisor may change its address for receiving notices by giving Lessor written notice of the new 
address. Lessor agrees that it will notify both Lessee and Franchisor of any change in Lessor’s 
mailing address to which notices should be sent. 
 
 
 
(c) 
Following Franchisor’s approval of the Lease, Lessee agrees not to 
terminate, or in any way alter or amend the same during the Term of the Franchise Agreement or any 
renewal thereof without Franchisor’s prior written consent, and any attempted termination, alteration 
or amendment shall be null and void and have no effect as to Franchisor’s interests thereunder; and 
a clause to the effect shall be included in the Lease. 
 
 
3. 
Termination or Expiration. 
 
 
 
(a) 
Upon Lessee’s default and failure to cure the default within the applicable 
cure period, if any, under either the Lease or the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor will, at its option, 
have the right, but not the obligation, to take an automatic assignment of Lessee’s interest and at any 
time thereafter to re-assign the Lease to a new Franchisee without Landlord’s consent and to be fully 
released from any and all liability to Landlord upon the reassignment, provided the Franchisee agrees 
to assume Lessee’s obligations and the Lease. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Upon the expiration or termination of either the Lease or the Franchise 
Agreement, Landlord will cooperate with and assist Franchisor in securing possession of the 
Premises and if Franchisor does not elect to take an assignment of the Lessee’s interest, Lessor will 
allow Franchisor to enter the Premises, without being guilty of trespass and without incurring any 
liability to Lessor, to remove all signs, awnings, and all other items identifying the Premises as a 
Franchised Business and to make other modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably 
necessary to protect the Marks and System, and to distinguish the Premises from a Franchised 
Business. In the event Franchisor exercises its option to purchase assets of Lessee, Lessor shall permit 
Franchisor to remove all the assets being purchased by Franchisor. 
 
 
4. 
Consideration; No Liability. 
 
 
 
(a) 
Lessor hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this Addendum to Lease 
are required pursuant to the Franchise Agreement under which Lessee plans to operate its Franchised 
Business and Lessee would not lease the Premises without this Addendum.  
 
 
 
(b) 
Lessor further acknowledges that Lessee is not an agent or employee of 
Franchisor and Lessee has no authority or power to act for, or to create any liability on behalf of, or 
to in any way bind Franchisor or any affiliate of Franchisor, and that Lessor has entered into this 
Addendum to Lease with full understanding that it creates no duties, obligations, or liabilities of or 
against Franchisor or any affiliate of Franchisor. 
 
