 
2 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
prohibits or purports to limit or prohibit the Franchisee’s entering into this Franchise Agreement or 
performing the Franchisee’s obligations hereunder. 
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties in consideration of the undertakings and commitments of 
each party to the other party set forth herein, hereby mutually agree as follows: 
 
 
1.          GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
 
1.1 
During the term of this Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee, upon the 
terms and conditions in this Agreement, the non-exclusive right and license, and Franchisee hereby 
accepts the right and obligation to develop and operate a Center under the Marks and the System in 
accordance with this Agreement only at the approved location. 
 
1.2 
Franchisor’s grant of franchise to Franchisee includes (a) authorization to operate a 
Franchised Business under the Marks and in accordance with the System; (b) authorization to operate 
a Franchised Business only in the area designated by this Agreement; (c) authorization to advertise 
and promote Franchised Business using the Marks in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement. 
 
1.3 
Franchisee will acquire no right or authority under this Agreement or as an element 
of the Franchise to: (a) sell any product or service not authorized in writing by Franchisor; (b) to 
operate at any location other than designated by this Agreement except as expressly authorized by 
Franchisor in writing; and (c) sell any product or services from catalogues or an internet website 
except as authorized in writing by Franchisor.   
 
1.4 
Franchisee’s right to operate the Franchised Business and to use the Marks or any 
element of the System for the operation of the Franchised Business is contingent upon Franchisee’s 
full compliance with all federal, state, and local laws, rules and regulations, and Franchisee’s timely 
procurement of any and all permits, certificate or licenses necessary for the full and proper conduct 
of the Franchised Business including, without limitation, licenses to do business, trade name 
registrations and sales tax permits.  
 
1.5 
Franchisee has represented to Franchisor that it has entered into this Agreement with 
the intention to comply fully with the obligations to operate a Center hereunder and not for reselling 
rights to develop the Center hereunder.  Franchisee understands and acknowledges that Franchisor 
has granted such rights in reliance on the business skill, financial capacity, personal character of and 
expectations of performance hereunder by Franchisee.   
 
2. 
TERM AND RENEWAL 
 
 
2.1 
Unless previously terminated pursuant to this Agreement the initial term of this 
Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall expire on the day preceding of the tenth 
(10th) anniversary thereof (the “Initial Term”). 
 
 
2.2  
If the Franchisee wishes this Agreement to be renewed by Franchisor for two (2) 
additional terms of five (5) years each (each, a “Renewal Term”) the Franchisee shall provide 
Franchisor written notice of this request for renewal not less than nine (9) months nor more than 
twelve (12) months prior to the end of the term of this Agreement.  Franchisor shall not unreasonably 
withhold its approval of such requests for renewal provided, however that to be considered for 
renewal the Franchisee agrees to comply with the following conditions: 
