 
- 3 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
Date of this Release, that arise out of or relate to: (a) the Franchise Agreement; (b) the Franchise; 
(c) the [Renewal of the Franchise] [Transfer of the Franchise]; or (d) the business relationship 
that existed or exists between the Releasing Parties, or any of them, on the one hand, and the 
Parties Released, or any of them, on the other hand; including, without limitation, the offering 
of the Franchise and the Franchise offering documents. 
 
4. Indemnification.  In specific consideration of AumBio ’s consent to the [Renewal of the 
Franchise] [Transfer of the Franchise], the Releasing Parties covenant, warrant, and agree that 
they will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Parties Released against, and reimburse any 
and all of the Parties Released for, any and all Claims arising out of or related to any act or 
omission by the Releasing Parties, or any of them, in violation of or contrary to this Release. For 
purposes of this indemnification, “Claims” include, without limitation, all obligations, debts, 
liabilities, demands, claims, causes of action, actions, loss, losses, damage, and damages (actual, 
consequential, multiplied, enhanced, exemplary, punitive, or otherwise), and costs reasonably 
incurred in the defense of any claim against any of the Parties Released; including, without 
limitation, reasonable accountants’, arbitrators’, attorneys’, and expert witness fees; costs of 
investigations and proof of facts; court costs and other expenses of litigation, arbitration, or 
alternative dispute resolution; and travel and living expenses. The Party Released affected shall 
have the right to counsel it reasonably chooses. Under no circumstances will any Party Released 
be required to seek recovery from any insurer, other third party, or otherwise, or to mitigate any 
losses and expenses of such Party Released, in order to maintain and recover fully a claim under 
this Section 4 of this Release. No failure to pursue such recovery or to mitigate a loss will in any 
way reduce or alter the amounts any Party Released may recover. The obligations of the 
Releasing Parties under this Section 4 shall be joint and several. 
 
5. Miscellaneous. 
 
5.1 The Parties Released are first-party direct beneficiaries or intended third-party 
beneficiaries of this Release, are entitled to enforce its terms, and are entitled to all its benefits. 
 
5.2  This Release and all matters related to the validity, construction, interpretation, and 
enforcement of this Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without 
reference to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles; provided, however, if any or all of 
the provisions set forth in Sections 2, 3, 4, or 5 of this Release are unenforceable under the laws 
of the State of Illinois, but would be enforceable under the laws of any other jurisdiction where 
any applicable party is a citizen or resident, then the laws of such other jurisdiction shall apply, 
but only to the provision or provisions that would be unenforceable under the laws of the State 
of Illinois. 
 
5.3  In the event of any litigation or other dispute related to this Release between the 
Releasing Parties, or any of them, on the one hand, and the Parties Released, or any of them, on 
the other hand, including without limitation any litigation or dispute related to the making of this 
Release, any such litigation shall be brought in the state or federal court having jurisdiction over 
the subject matter in the jurisdiction where Franchisor’s principal office is located, and the parties 
specifically and irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts over them and 
waive any objections thereto they may otherwise have had. The Releasing Parties hereby 
covenant, warrant, and agree that neither they nor any of them will raise any claim that they or 
any of them are not subject to personal jurisdiction in the courts enumerated in this Section 5.3 
or that venue in any such court is improper, inconvenient, prejudicial, or otherwise inappropriate. 
 
