 
35 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
Franchisee’s former franchised business for the purpose of providing services similar to those 
provided by AumBio franchised businesses. 
 
(iv) 
In the event of any arbitration or litigation related to this Paragraph 18.5 of 
this Agreement you, hereby direct any third party construing this Agreement, including without 
limitation any court, arbitrator, mediator, jury, or other party acting as a trier of fact or law: 
 
 
 
(v) 
To conclusively presume that the restrictions set forth in this Paragraph 18.5 
are reasonable and necessary in order to protect: (i) our legitimate interests, including our other 
Franchisees and the integrity of the System; (ii) the confidentiality of our Confidential Information 
and Trade Secrets; (iii) our investment in the System; and (iv) the goodwill associated with the 
System. 
 
 
 
(vi) 
To conclusively presume that this Paragraph 18.5 was made freely and 
voluntarily by and between you and us, as two independent businesses, to whom we delivered good 
and adequate consideration, in an arms-length commercial transaction between skilled and 
experienced business operators. 
 
 
 
(vii) 
To conclusively presume that the restrictions set forth in this Paragraph 18.5 
will not prevent you from earning a livelihood, whether during the Term of this Agreement or in the 
event of the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 
 
(viii) 
To construe this Paragraph 18.5 of this Agreement under laws governing 
distribution contracts between commercial entities in an arms-length business transaction and not 
under laws governing contracts of employment. 
 
 
18.6 
Non-Disparagement.  Franchisee and any person or entity controlling, controlled by, 
or under common control with Franchisee, expressly covenant and agree that during the term of this 
Agreement and continuing thereafter, not to make any false representation of facts, or to defame, 
disparage, discredit, or deprecate Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s owners, members, officers, 
employees or agents, or otherwise communicate with any person or entity (including any other 
franchisee of Franchisor) in a manner intending to damage any of them, their business, or their 
reputation.  
 
18.7 
Remedies. This Article 18 is and has been a primary inducement of Franchisor to 
enter into this Agreement, and in the event of any breach of this Section 18 Franchisee and any 
Guarantors acknowledge and agree that Franchisor would be irreparably injured and without 
adequate remedy at law. Therefore, in the event of a breach or a threatened or attempted breach of 
any provision of this Article 18, Franchisee and any Guarantor agrees that Franchisor is entitled, in 
addition to any other remedies we may have under this Agreement or at law or in equity, including 
the right to terminate this Agreement, to a temporary order and/or preliminary and permanent 
injunction and a decree for specific performance of the terms of this Article 18 without the necessity 
of showing actual or threatened damage and without being required to furnish a bond or other 
security. 
 
18.8  
Construction, Modification, Choice of Law. 
 
 
 
(i) 
In the event that this Article 18 of this Agreement is construed by a court, 
arbitrator, or other party acting as a trier of fact or law, you hereby direct such court, arbitrator, or 
other party to strictly construe all provisions contained in this Section 18 in favor of enforcement. 
 
