- 15  - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
 
1. 
Provide such general advisory assistance and field support as we deem helpful to you, in 
our discretion, in the ongoing operation, advertising and promotion of the franchise business (Franchise 
Agreement - Section 6.2 (i)). 
 
 
2. 
Provide additional mandatory and optional training on an as-needed for replacement 
Managers and on new services that we introduce into the System (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.2 (xi). 
 
 
3. 
Provide you with 5 days of on-site assistance during the first week of the operation of your 
Center at our expense.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.2 (xii)). 
 
 
4. 
Continue our efforts to establish and maintain standards or quality, cleanliness, safety, 
customer satisfaction and service (Franchise Agreement - Section 6.2 (ix)). 
 
5. 
Provide you with updates, revisions, and amendments to the Manual (Franchise Agreement 
– Section 6.2 (iv)).  The Table of Contents of the Operations Manual is attached to this disclosure document 
as Exhibit F.  The Operations Manual has a total of 121 pages. 
 
 
6. 
Provide you with access to advertising and promotional materials that we may develop for 
the promotion of all Centers in the System.  You will be required to purchase the advertising materials and 
all costs of shipping them to you.  (Franchise Agreement - Section 6.2 (viii)). 
 
 
7. 
On a periodic basis, conduct (as we deem advisable) inspections of the franchise business 
and its operation and evaluation of its method and staff. (Franchise Agreement – Section 6.2 (vii)). 
 
Training 
 
 
The following is an outline of our Initial Training Program.  The Initial Training Program will have 
2 components; the first phase consisting of technical training as outlined below, and the second phase 
consisting of general operational training.  Additional training programs and/or refresher courses may be 
required. 
 
The schedule for the Initial Training is as follows: 
 
Our training program consists of the following: 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-
The-Job 
Training 
Location 
Consultations 
2 
3 
Rolling Meadows Center 
Legal and Scheduling 
1 
2 
Chicago Center 
Operating System 
2 
5 
Rolling Meadows 
Device Training 
5 
35 
Oak Lawn Center 
TOTALS: 
10 
45 
 
 
 
In addition to the above initial training program provided by Franchisor which must be completed 
by Franchisee and up to 1 additional person, Franchisee must complete the virtual training program offered 
