 
39 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
competent jurisdiction. For the purposes of this indemnification, “claims” includes all obligations, 
damages (actual, consequential, or otherwise), and the cost that any Indemnified Party reasonably 
incurs in defending any claim against it, including, without limitation, reasonable accountants’, 
arbitrators’, attorneys’ and expert witness’ fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, 
travel and living expenses, and other expenses of litigation, arbitration or alternative dispute 
resolution, regardless of whether litigation, arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution is 
commenced. Each Indemnified Party may defend any claim against it at Franchisee’s expense and 
agree to settlements or take other remedial, corrective, or other actions. This indemnity will continue 
in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. Any Indemnified Party need not seek recovery from any insurer or other third party, or 
otherwise mitigate its losses and expenses, in order to maintain and recover fully a claim against 
Franchisee under this section. Franchisee agrees that a failure to pursue a recovery or mitigate a loss 
will not reduce or alter the amounts that an Indemnified Party may recover from Franchisee under 
this Section. 
 
22.3  
No Fiduciary Relationship; Independent Contractor Status. In all dealings with third 
parties including, without limitation, franchisees, employees, suppliers, and clients, Franchisee must 
disclose in an appropriate manner acceptable to Franchisor that it is an independent entity licensed 
by Franchisor. Nothing in this Agreement is intended by the parties neither to create a fiduciary 
relationship between them nor to constitute Franchisee as a subsidiary, joint venture, partner, agent, 
or employee of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever. It is understood and agreed that Franchisee 
is an independent contractor and is in no way authorized to make any warranty or representation on 
behalf of Franchisor other than those contained in any disclosure document prepared by Franchisor 
for use by Franchisee, nor is Franchisee authorized to create any obligation or enter into any contract 
binding on Franchisor. 
 
22.4.  No Liability.   Franchisor shall not be responsible or otherwise liable for any injury, 
loss, or damage suffered by any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of Franchisee’s 
operation of the Franchised Business. Franchisor will have no liability for Franchisee’s obligations 
to pay third parties, including any landlords and product vendors. 
 
 
23.     WRITTEN APPROVALS, WAIVERS, AND AMENDMENT 
 
23.1   Approval Process. Whenever this Agreement requires Franchisor’s prior approval, 
Franchisee must make a timely written request. Unless a different time period is specified in this 
Agreement, Franchisor will respond with its approval or disapproval within thirty (30) calendar days. 
In addition, Franchisor's approval will not be unreasonably withheld unless a different degree of 
discretion is specified in this agreement.   
 
23.2  
No Waiver. No failure of Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to it by this 
Agreement and no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof will constitute 
a waiver of Franchisor's right to demand exact compliance with any of the terms herein. A waiver or 
approval by Franchisor of any particular default by Franchisee will not be considered a waiver or 
approval by Franchisor of any preceding or subsequent breach by Franchisee of any term, covenant, 
or condition of this Agreement. 
 
23.3  
Amendments.  No amendment changes or variance from this Agreement will be 
binding upon Franchisor or Franchisee except by mutual written agreement. If an amendment of this 
Agreement is executed at Franchisee’s request, any legal fees or preparation cost in connection 
therewith must be paid by Franchisee. 
