 
- 4 - 
AumBio /FDD 2025v1 
 
3.3.4 
He/she will not copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce any of the 
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, in whole or in part; store such Confidential Information or 
Trade Secrets in a computer database; or otherwise make such Confidential Information or Trade 
Secrets available to any third party, except as set forth in this Agreement or as Franchisor specifically 
authorizes. 
3.3.5 
He/she will at all times use my best efforts to prevent unauthorized 
copying or disclosure of any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. 
3.3.6 
Franchisor may from time to time modify the form of confidentiality 
agreement that Franchisor requires individuals like Owner to sign.  If Franchisor modifies such form, 
Owner will, on Franchisee’s or Franchisor’s request, duly execute, date, and deliver originals of such 
modified confidentiality agreement to Franchisee or Franchisor so that Franchisee or Franchisor 
actually receives such originals by the end of ten (10) days after Franchisee’s or Franchisor’s request 
for them. 
4. Unfair Competition.  Owner acknowledges and agrees that, and hereby directs any third party 
construing this Agreement, including without limitation any court, mediator, master, or other party 
acting as a trier of fact or law, to conclusively presume that: (i) any breach by Owner of Sections 2 or 
3 of this Agreement constitutes a deceptive and unfair trade practice and unfair competition; and 
(ii) Section 3 of this Agreement are Franchisee’s and Franchisor’s reasonable effort under the 
circumstances to maintain the confidentiality of Franchisee’s or Franchisor’s Confidential Information 
and the secrecy of their Trade Secrets. 
5. Works Made for Hire.  If Franchisee directs Owner to create works derived from any Confidential 
Information or Trade Secrets, such works shall be deemed works made for hire and Franchisee shall 
own all copyrights in such works, subject to its obligations to assign such rights to Franchisor. 
6. Burden of Proof.  If a dispute arises as to whether particular information is Confidential Information 
or a Trade Secret, Owner agrees that it will bear the burden of proving that such information is outside 
the ambit of “Confidential Information” or “Trade Secrets” subject to this Agreement. 
7. Remedies.  If Owner defaults under this Agreement, or if Owner threatens any default, or if any default 
appears to be imminent, Owner acknowledges and agrees that: (i) Employer and Franchisor shall be 
entitled to all remedies at law or in equity or otherwise for such default or threatened or imminent 
default; and (ii) Employer and Franchisor shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies Employer 
and Franchisor may have at law or in equity or otherwise, to a preliminary and permanent injunction 
and a decree for specific performance of the terms of this Agreement without the necessity of showing 
actual or threatened damage and without being required to furnish a bond or other security. 
8.   Directives.  If there is any dispute related to this Agreement, Owner hereby directs any third party 
construing this Agreement, including without limitation any court, mediator, master, or other party 
acting as a trier of fact or law: 
8.1 To conclusively presume that the restrictions set forth in Sections 2 and 3 are 
reasonable and necessary in order to protect: (i) Franchisee’s and Franchisor’s legitimate business 
interests, including without limitation the interests of Franchisor’s other franchisees, the interests of 
Franchisor’s franchisees and subfranchisees, and the integrity of the System; (ii) the confidentiality of 
Franchisor’s confidential information and the secrecy of Franchisor’s trade secrets; (iii) Franchisor’s 
investment in the System; and (iv) the goodwill associated with the System. 
