 
12 
AumBio/FDD 2025v1 
 
7.2. 
Opening of Center. Franchisee will open its Center within one hundred twenty (120) 
days after the date of the execution of this Agreement. Franchisee will not open the Center until 
Franchisor certified that Franchisee is in full compliance with the requirements of the Operations 
Manual, this Agreement, and all other agreements related to the Franchised Business. 
 
 
7.3. 
Maintenance and Repair. Franchisee will, always during the Term, at its sole cost 
and expense, maintain the interior and exterior of its Center, and all furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
décor, and signage in or at the Center, in the highest degree of cleanliness, maintenance, condition, 
and repair. 
 
 
7.4 
Compliance with Laws. Franchisee shall comply with all civil and criminal laws, 
ordinances, rules, regulations, and orders of public authorities pertaining to the maintenance and 
operation of the Franchised Business, including but not limited to those relating to health, safety, 
sanitation employment, environmental regulation, and taxation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Franchisee will: (i) strictly comply with all applicable wage, hour, anti-discrimination, and anti-
harassment Laws, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended from time to time; and the 
successor legislation to any and all of them; (ii) duly file all tax returns you are required to file; (iii) 
duly pay all taxes you are obligated to pay; and (iv) obtain and maintain in good standing all 
necessary licenses, permits, and other required forms of governmental approval required of you in 
order to operate your Franchised Business including all health permits. 
 
 
7.5  
Your Participation in the Operation of Your Center: Center Manager.  Franchisee 
will devote the amount of its time, attention, and best efforts to the performance of its duties under 
this Agreement as are necessary for the proper and effective operation of the Franchised Business.  
Franchisee will designate one or more Center Managers. Franchisor will have the right to approve 
each Center Manager Franchisee proposes to employ. One or more of Franchisee’s Center Managers 
will: (i) be physically present at the Center at all times when the Center is open for business; (ii) have 
day-to-day management responsibility for your Center; (iii) exercise on-premises supervision of the 
Center; and (iv) personally participate in the direct operation of the Center. Franchisee will inform 
Franchisor in writing as to the identity of all Center Managers, including all additions to and 
successors of them or any of them. Each Center Manager Franchisee employs will successfully 
complete the training we require.   
 
 
7.6 
Requirements Related to Center Operations. You expressly covenant, warrant, and 
agree that: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Franchisee will cause all of the activities and operations of the Center to be 
conducted, and you will conduct yourself, at all times, in compliance with the System, including 
without limitation all rules, guidelines, standards, specifications, plans, programs, methods, 
techniques, and procedures we may, from time to time establish, as though all such rules, guidelines, 
standards, specifications, plans, programs, methods, techniques, and procedures were specifically set 
forth in this Agreement.  
 
 
 
(ii) 
 Franchisee will not conduct; permit the conduct of any business other than 
the business contemplated by this Agreement at or from the Center or the Center premises without 
Franchisor’s prior written consent, which consent Franchisor may withhold in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
 
 
 
(iii) 
 You will offer for sale, sell, and deliver all services that we direct you to 
offer for sale. 
 
