 
1 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. J – Sample General Release 
1167.001.012/419824 
WE ARE CRACKIN’ LLC 
GRANT OF FRANCHISOR CONSENT AND FRANCHISEE RELEASE 
 
WE ARE CRACKIN’ LLC (“we,” “us,” or “our”) and the undersigned franchisee,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (“you” or “your”), currently are parties to a certain Franchise Agreement (the 
“Franchise Agreement”) dated  
 
 
 
, 20 
.  You have asked us to take 
the following action or to agree to the following request:  [insert as appropriate for renewal or 
transfer situation] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
.  We have the right under the Franchise 
Agreement to obtain a general release from you (and, if applicable, your owners) as a condition of 
taking this action or agreeing to this request.  Therefore, we are willing to take the action or agree 
to the request specified above if you (and, if applicable, your owners) give us the release and 
covenant not to sue provided below in this document.  You (and, if applicable, your owners) are 
willing to give us the release and covenant not to sue provided below as partial consideration for 
our willingness to take the action or agree to the request described above. 
Consistent with the previous introduction, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of your 
current and former parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and each such foregoing person’s or entity’s 
respective current and former administrators, personal representatives, agents, assigns, owners, 
directors, managers, officers, principals, employees, successors, heirs, spouses, executors, and 
affiliated entities (collectively, the "Releasing Parties"), hereby forever release and discharge us 
and our current and former parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each such foregoing person’s 
or entity’s respective current and former officers, directors, owners, principals, employees, agents, 
representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns (collectively, the “WAC Parties") of and 
from any and all claims, damages (known and unknown), demands, causes of action, suits, duties, 
liabilities, and agreements of any nature and kind (collectively, “Claims”) whether at law or in 
equity, which any of the Releasing Parties now has, had, or may have had, in any way arising out 
of or relating to any relationship or transaction with any of the WAC Parties, however 
characterized or described, from the beginning of time until the date of your signature below, 
including without limitation, any and all Claims in any way arising out of or related to the 
Franchise Agreement, the relationship created by the Franchise Agreement, or the development, 
ownership, or operation of any or all of the Restaurant(s).  You, on your own behalf and on behalf 
of the other Releasing Parties, further covenant not to sue any of the WAC Parties on any of the 
Claims released by this paragraph and represent that you have not assigned any of the Claims 
released by this paragraph to any individual or entity who is not bound by this paragraph. 
 
We also are entitled to a release and covenant not to sue from your owners.  By his, her, or 
their separate signatures below, your owners likewise grant to us the release and covenant not to 
sue provided above. 
 
