 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
28 
 
 
who has not signed the Franchise Agreement or the form of Guaranty and Assumption of 
Obligations attached to the Franchise Agreement must execute a confidentiality agreement in the 
form provided by us. 
You may request additional training for the Designated Managers at the end of the initial 
training program, to be provided at our then current per diem charges, if you do not feel that the 
Designated Managers were sufficiently trained in the operation of a Restaurant. We and you will 
jointly determine the duration of this additional training. However, if the Designated Managers 
complete our initial training program to our satisfaction, and you have not expressly informed us 
in writing at the end of that program that you do not feel that your Designated Managers were 
sufficiently trained in the operation of a Restaurant, then you and they will be deemed to have been 
trained sufficiently to operate a Restaurant. 
We may require you (or your Managing Owner), your Designated Managers and other 
previously trained and experienced employees to attend and complete various training courses to 
our satisfaction that we periodically designate, including courses and programs provided by third-
parties, at times and locations that we designate, or virtually as we determine. Attendance at 
ongoing training courses will not be required for more than five full days during each calendar 
year. Besides attending these courses, you (or your Managing Owner) and your Designated 
Managers we so require must attend all of our annual conferences and mid-year business meeting 
of all Restaurant franchise owners at a location we designate. The annual conferences and business 
meetings may be held virtually. Attendance will not be required at our annual conference and 
meeting for more than four days during each calendar year. 
You will be solely responsible for the compensation, travel, lodging and living expenses 
you and your managers incur while attending our initial training program, any refresher training 
course, or any conference.  
If you have a new Managing Owner or Designated Manager, the new Managing Owner or 
Designated Manager must complete our then current initial training program to our satisfaction. 
We may charge reasonable fees for training a new Managing Owner or Designated Manager. You 
also agree to pay all travel and living expenses which your Managing Owner or Designated 
Manager incurs during all training courses and programs. 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we provide the following initial training: 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-
The-Job 
Training 
 
Location 
Introduction and 
Orientation 
3 
1 
Vancouver, WA or 
other location we 
designate 
Dining Room Service 
10 
30 
Vancouver, WA or 
other location we 
designate 
Kitchen 
10 
70 
Vancouver, WA or 
other location we 
designate 
