 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
39 
 
 
we may require you to comply with an advertising policy adopted by us which will prohibit you 
from advertising any price for a product or service that is different than our suggested retail 
price.  Although you must comply with any advertising policy we adopt, you will not be prohibited 
from selling any product or service at a price above or below the suggested retail price unless we 
impose a maximum price or minimum price for such product or service. 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related 
agreements.  You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure 
Document. 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
AGREEMENT 
SUMMARY 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
Section 1.A in Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Section 1.B in Area 
Development Agreement 
Term of Franchise Agreement 15 years. 
 
 
The term runs from the Effective Date through the earlier of (1) the 
date on which the last Restaurant under the Development Schedule 
opens or (2) the last day of the last Development Period. 
b. Renewal or 
extension of the term 
Section 13.A in Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Not applicable in Area 
Development Agreement 
Option for renewal for one additional 10 year term. 
 
 
Not applicable in Area Development Agreement. 
c. Requirements for 
franchisee to renew or 
extend 
Section 13.A in Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Not applicable in Area 
Development Agreement 
Franchisee must have substantially complied with the Franchise 
Agreement during its term; franchisee must be in full compliance 
with the Franchise Agreement and all System Standards on the date 
the successor term would commence; franchisee either maintains 
possession of and agrees to remodel the Restaurant or secures 
substitute premises approved by franchisor; franchisee must sign 
franchisor’s then-current form of franchise agreement and ancillary 
documents, which may contain materially different terms and 
conditions than franchisee’s original contract; franchisee agrees to 
sign general releases; franchisee must pay renewal fee; franchisee 
must provide franchisor written notice of intent to acquire a 
successor franchise. 
 
Not applicable in Area Development Agreement. 
