 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
25 
 
 
and all information they contain (including the domain name or URL for your webpage, the log of “hits” 
by visitors, and any personal or business data that visitors supply). 
We will maintain the Franchise System Websites and may use the Brand Promotion Fund’s assets 
to develop, maintain, and update the Franchise System Websites.  We periodically may update and modify 
the Franchise System Websites (including your webpage).  You acknowledge that we have final approval 
rights over all information on the Franchise System Websites (including your webpage).  We may 
implement and periodically modify System Standards relating to the Franchise System Websites. We may 
also discontinue any Franchise System Website, or consolidate such Franchise System Website with the 
website of any other Designated Brand Concept, at any time, in our sole discretion. 
Even if we provide you a webpage on our Franchise System Website, we will only maintain such 
webpage while you are in full compliance with this Agreement and all System Standards we implement 
(including those relating to the Franchise System Website).  If you are in default of any obligation under 
this Agreement or our System Standards, then we may, in addition to our other remedies, temporarily 
remove your webpage from the Franchise System Website until you fully cure the default.  We will 
permanently remove your webpage from the Franchise System Website upon this Agreement’s expiration 
or termination.   
10. 
RECORDS, REPORTS, AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
You agree to establish and maintain at your own expense a bookkeeping, accounting, and 
recordkeeping system conforming to the requirements and formats we prescribe from time to time.  We 
may require you to use a Computer System to maintain certain sales data and other information.  We may 
also require you to use a third party approved by us for accounting and bookkeeping services.  You agree 
to give us in the manner and format that we prescribe from time to time: 
(a) on or before the end of each accounting period specified by us from time to time 
(each an “Accounting Period”), a report on the Gross Sales of your Restaurant during the 
preceding Accounting Period; 
(b) within 30 days after the end of each accounting month specified by us from time 
to time (each an “Accounting Month”), the operating statements, financial statements, 
statistical reports, purchase records, and other information we request regarding you and your 
Restaurant covering the previous Accounting Month and the fiscal year to date; 
(c) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, annual profit and loss and source 
and use of funds statements and a balance sheet for your Restaurant as of the end of that calendar 
year, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or, at our option, 
international accounting standards and principles.  We reserve the right to require that you have 
these financial statements and the financial statements of any prior fiscal years audited by an 
independent accounting firm designated by us in writing;  
(d) within 10 days after our request, exact copies of federal and state income tax 
returns, sales tax returns, and any other forms, records, books, and other information we 
periodically require relating to your Restaurant and the Franchise; and 
(e) by January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each calendar year, reports on 
the status (including the outstanding balance, then-current payment amounts, and whether such 
loan is in good standing) of any loans outstanding as of the previous calendar quarter for which 
the Restaurant or any of the Restaurant’s equipment is collateral.  You must also deliver to us, 
