 
2 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. K – State Pages 
1167.001.012/419825 
5. 
The following is added at the end of Item 3: 
 
Neither we, our parent, predecessor or affiliates nor any person in Item 2 of the 
Franchise Disclosure Document is subject to any currently effective order of any 
national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. Sections 78a et seq., suspending or 
expelling such persons from membership in that association or exchange.  
 
6. 
The following statement is added to the remarks column of Item 6 for the row 
entitled Late Payment Fees and Inspection and Audit Fee: 
 
The highest rate of interest allowed by California law is 10% annually. 
 
7. 
The following paragraphs are added at the end of Item 17: 
 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide 
rights to the franchisee and area developer concerning termination, transfer or 
nonrenewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise Agreement or Area Development 
Agreement contain a provision that is inconsistent with the law, and the law applies, 
the law will control. 
 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement contain a covenant 
not to compete that extends beyond termination of the franchise.  This provision 
might not be enforceable under California law. 
 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement provide for 
termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision might not be enforceable under 
federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sections 101 et seq.). 
 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require application 
of the laws of the State of Oregon.  This provision may not be enforceable under 
California law. 
 
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under California 
Civil Code Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require binding 
arbitration.  The arbitration will be conducted at a suitable location chosen by the 
arbitrator which is in or within a 50 mile radius of our or, as applicable, our 
successor’s or assign’s then-current principal place of business (currently, Eugene, 
Oregon) with the costs being borne as provided in the Franchise Agreement and 
Area Development Agreement.  Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult 
private legal counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal laws 
(such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure 
Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of the Franchise 
