 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
21 
 
 
accommodate regional or local variations, may obligate you to invest additional capital in your Restaurant 
and incur higher operating costs. 
K. 
Information Security.   You may from time to time have access to information that can 
be used to identify an individual, including names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, 
employee identification numbers, signatures, passwords, financial information, credit card information, 
biometric or health data, government-issued identification numbers and credit report information 
(“Personal Information”).   You acknowledge and agree that all Personal Information (other than 
Restricted Data, defined below) is our Confidential Information and is subject to the protections in Section 
6. 
During and after the Term, you (and if you are conducting business as an Entity, each of your 
owners) agree to, and to cause your respective current and former employees, representatives, affiliates, 
successors and assigns to: (a) process, retain, use, collect, and disclose all Personal Information only in 
strict accordance with all applicable laws, regulations, orders, the guidance and codes issued by industry or 
regulatory agencies, and the privacy policies and terms and conditions of any applicable Online Presence; 
(b) assist us with meeting our compliance obligations under all applicable laws and regulations relating to 
Personal Information, including the guidance and codes of practice issued by industry or regulatory 
agencies; and (c) promptly notify us of any communication or request from any customer or other data 
subject to access, correct, delete, opt-out of, or limit activities relating to any Personal Information.  
If you become aware of a suspected or actual breach of security or unauthorized access involving 
Personal Information, you will notify us immediately of the breach or unauthorized access, and specify the 
extent to which Personal Information was compromised or disclosed, and your plans to correct and prevent 
any further breach or unauthorized access.  You will allow us, in our discretion, to participate in any 
response or corrective action. Further, you agree to follow all instructions we provide, if any, regarding 
curative actions and public statements relating to the breach. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) 
to conduct a data security and privacy audit of any of your Restaurant and your Computer Systems at any 
time, from time to time, to ensure that you are complying with our requirements. You must promptly notify 
us if you receive any complaint, notice, or communication, whether from a governmental agency, customer 
or other person, relating to any Personal Information, or your compliance with your obligations relating to 
Personal Information under this Agreement, and/or if you have any reason to believe you will not be able 
to satisfy any of your obligations relating to Personal Information under this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise, you agree that we do not 
control or own any of the following Personal Information (collectively, the “Restricted Data”): (a) any 
Personal Information of the employees, officers, contractors, owners or other personnel of you, your 
affiliates, or your Restaurant; (b) such other Personal Information as we from time to time expressly 
designate as Restricted Data; and/or (c) any other Personal Information to which we do not have access. 
Regardless of any guidance we may provide generally and/or any specifications that we may establish for 
other Personal Information, you have sole and exclusivity responsibility for all Restricted Data, including 
establishing protections and safeguards for such Restricted Data; provided, that in each case you agree to 
comply with all applicable laws, regulations, orders, and the guidance and codes issued by industry or 
regulatory agencies applicable to such Restricted Data. 
L. 
Employees, Agents and Independent Contractors.   You acknowledge and agree that 
you are solely responsible for all decisions relating to employees, agents, and independent contractors that 
you may hire to assist in the operation of your Restaurant.  You agree that any employee, agent or 
independent contractor that you hire will be your employee, agent or independent contractor, and not our 
employee, agent or independent contractor.  You also agree that you are exclusively responsible for the 
terms and conditions of employment of your employees, including recruiting, hiring, firing, training, 
