 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
27 
 
 
accounting records for your Restaurant, and sales and income tax records and returns, and other records.  
You agree to cooperate fully with our representatives and independent accountants in any examination.  If 
any examination discloses an understatement of the Gross Sales, you agree to pay us, within 15 days after 
receiving the examination report, the Royalty and Brand Promotion Fund contributions due on the amount 
of the understatement, plus our service charges and interest on the understated amounts from the date 
originally due until the date of payment.  Furthermore, if an examination is necessary due to your failure to 
furnish reports, supporting records, or other information as required, or failure to furnish these items on a 
timely basis, or if our examination reveals a Royalty or Brand Promotion Fund contribution understatement 
exceeding two percent (2%) of the amount that you actually reported to us for the period examined, you 
agree to reimburse us for the costs of the examination, including the charges of attorneys and independent 
accountants and the travel expenses, room and board, and compensation of our employees.  These remedies 
are in addition to our other remedies and rights under this Agreement and applicable law. 
12. 
TRANSFER. 
A. 
By Us.   You acknowledge that we maintain a staff to manage and operate the Franchise 
System and that staff members can change as employees come and go.  You represent that you have not 
signed this Agreement in reliance on any particular manager, owner, director, officer, or employee 
remaining with us in any capacity.  We may change our ownership or form or assign this Agreement and 
any other agreement to a third party without restriction.   
B. 
By You.   You acknowledge and agree that the rights and duties this Agreement creates 
are personal to you (or to your owners if you are an Entity) and that we have granted you the Franchise in 
reliance upon our perceptions of your (or your owners’) individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, 
attitude, business ability, and financial capacity.  Accordingly, neither this Agreement (or any interest in 
this Agreement), your Restaurant or substantially all of its assets, any direct or indirect ownership interest 
in you (regardless of its size), nor any ownership interest in any of your owners (if such owners are legal 
entities) may be transferred without our prior written approval, which consent will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided, however, that transfers among your current owners of ownership interests 
in you will require prior notice to us but will not require our consent as long as the Managing Owner and 
the controlling interests (defined in Section 17.O below) in you are not changed as a result of such transfer. 
You further agree that you will not enter into any proposed mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance 
or giving of a security interest in or which affects the Restaurant, this Agreement or your rights under this 
Agreement without our prior written consent.   
A transfer of your Restaurant ownership, possession, or control, or substantially all of its assets, 
may be made only with a transfer of this Agreement.  Any transfer, or attempt to transfer, without our 
approval is a breach of this Agreement and has no effect.  In this Agreement, the term “transfer” includes 
a voluntary, involuntary, direct, or indirect assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition of any interest in: 
(1) 
this Agreement; 
(2) 
you;  
(3) 
your Restaurant or substantially all of its assets; or 
(4) 
your owners (if such owners are legal entities). 
An assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition includes the following events: 
