 
5 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. K – State Pages 
1167.001.012/419825 
agreed to: notify all franchisees that we entered into the AOD, not include no-poach 
provisions in our future agreements, not enforce such provisions in our existing 
franchise agreements, exercise reasonable commercial efforts to amend all existing 
franchise agreements with entities in Washington to remove any no-poach 
provisions in their existing agreement, and remove those provisions from existing 
agreements as they came up for renewal or renegotiation. Under its express terms, 
the AOD is not to be construed as an admission of law, fact, liability, misconduct, 
or wrongdoing on our part. 
 
4. 
The following paragraph is added to the end of Items 5 and 7: 
 
The State of Washington has imposed a financial condition under which the initial 
franchise fees due will be deferred until we have fulfilled our initial pre-opening 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement and you are open for business. Because 
we have material pre-opening obligations with respect to each franchised business 
you open under the Area Development Agreement, the State of Washington will 
require that the franchise fees be released proportionally with respect to each 
franchised business. 
 
5. 
The following paragraphs are added at the end of Item 17: 
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act (the “Act”), Chapter 19.100 RCW, will prevail. 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the Franchise Agreement or Area Development 
Agreement in your relationship with us, including the areas of termination and 
renewal of your franchise.  There may also be court decisions which may supersede 
the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement in your relationship 
with us, including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the 
arbitration or mediation site will be either in the State of Washington, or in a place 
mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined 
by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if 
litigation is not precluded by the Franchise Agreement or Area Development 
Agreement, you may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection 
with the sale of Franchises, or a violation of the Act, in Washington. 
A release or waiver of rights executed by you shall not include rights under the Act 
or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant to a negotiated 
settlement after the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement is in 
effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel. Provisions 
such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period 
for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act, such as a right to a 
jury trial, might not be enforceable. 
