 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
6 
 
 
only the signs, emblems, lettering, logos, and display materials we approve from time to time.  You agree 
to purchase or lease approved brands, types, or models of Operating Assets only from suppliers we 
designate or approve (which may include or be limited to us or our affiliates). 
F. 
Computer System.  You agree to obtain from the designated vendor and use specified 
integrated computer hardware and software, including an integrated computer-based point-of-sale system 
and non-cash payment systems (the “Computer System”). We may modify specifications for, and 
components of, the Computer System. You also agree to maintain a functioning e-mail address and all 
specified points of high-speed Internet connection. You agree to make Wi-Fi available to your Restaurant’s 
guests, free of charge to them. We may, in our discretion, issue email addresses to you for use in connection 
with your Restaurant. If we require you to use such an email address, you must do so according to our then-
current System Standards. You acknowledge and agree that we will have unrestricted access to and sole 
ownership of all such email accounts, and all document, data, materials, and messages shared from or by 
such accounts; however, we have no obligation to monitor your email account. We may deactivate any such 
account or limit your or your users’ access to it at any time. Our modification of specifications for the 
Computer System, and other technological developments or events, might require you to purchase, lease, 
or license new or modified computer hardware or software and to obtain service and support for the 
Computer System. Although we cannot estimate the future costs of the Computer System or required 
service or support, and although these costs might not be fully amortizable over this Agreement’s remaining 
term, you agree to incur the costs of obtaining the computer hardware and software comprising the 
Computer System (or additions and modifications) and required service or support. We have no obligation 
to reimburse you for any Computer System costs. Within 60 days after we advise you of changes to the 
Computer System, you agree to implement such changes, and if necessary, procure any additional 
equipment, components, hardware, or software we designate. You must at all times during the term of this 
Agreement ensure that your Computer System, as modified, meets our System Standards and functions 
properly. 
You agree that we or our affiliates may condition any license of proprietary software to you, or 
your use of technology that we or our affiliates develop or maintain, on your signing a software license 
agreement or similar document that we or our affiliates prescribe to regulate your use of, and our and your 
respective rights and responsibilities with respect to, the software or technology. We and our affiliates may 
charge you a monthly or other fee for any proprietary software or technology that we or our affiliates license 
to you and for other maintenance and support services that we or our affiliates provide during this 
Agreement’s term. If we charge this fee, it will thereafter be subject to, no more than once per year, an 
increase up to the difference, expressed as a percentage, in CPI as determined by comparing the CPI in 
effect as of the later of the (i) the Effective Date, or (ii) the date we begin imposing this fee, to the CPI in 
effect as of the date we increase the fee (a “Fee Adjustment”). “CPI” means the National Consumer Price 
Index-All Urban Consumers-All Items (1982-1984 = 100) published by the U.S. Department of Labor (or 
if the CPI is no longer published, another substitute reference reasonably designated by us). 
Although you agree to buy, use, and maintain the Computer System according to our standards and 
specifications, you will have sole and complete responsibility for: (1) the acquisition, operation, 
maintenance, and upgrading of the Computer System; (2) the manner in which your Computer System 
interfaces at our specified levels of connection speed with our and any third party’s computer system; and 
(3) any and all consequences if the Computer System is not properly operated, maintained, and upgraded. 
G. 
Business Opening.   You agree not to open your Restaurant until: 
(1) 
we notify you in writing that we have completed any pre-opening inspections and 
testing of your Restaurant, as we determine necessary, and that your Restaurant meets our standards 
and specifications; 
