 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
32 
 
 
from Restaurants, or that sell any of the specialized food and beverage products formulated and 
prepared by us or our Affiliates for use in Restaurants, or any other products and/or services that 
are identical or similar to, and/or competitive with, those that Restaurants customarily sell; (4) 
acquire the assets or ownership interests of one or more businesses, including Competitive 
Businesses, and franchising, licensing or creating similar arrangements with respect to such 
businesses once acquired, wherever these businesses (or the franchisees or licensees of these 
businesses) are located or operating; (5) be acquired (whether through acquisition of assets, 
ownership interests or otherwise, regardless of the form of transaction), by any other business, 
including a Competitive Business, even if such business operates, franchises and/or licenses such 
businesses near your Restaurant; and (6) all other activities not expressly prohibited by the 
Franchise Agreement. We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of these rights.   
If we decide to own and operate a Restaurant, or offer a franchise to own and operate a 
Restaurant, at any location within a 1 mile radius of your Restaurant premises, and you are not in 
default of the Franchise Agreement, then you will have a right of first refusal to acquire a franchise 
to own and operate such Restaurant. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you any other 
options or rights to acquire additional franchises. 
We do not operate or franchise, and currently have no plans to operate or franchise, a 
business under different trademarks selling goods or services similar to those offered at 
Restaurants. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
We grant you the non-exclusive right and obligation to use the trademarks under the 
Franchise Agreement.  By “trademark” we mean trade names, trademarks, service marks and logos 
we authorize to identify Elmer’s Restaurants, Elmer’s Kitchens, and Egg N’ Joe Restaurants (the 
“Marks”). The Marks are owned by our affiliate, WOB, which, under the Amended and Restated 
Intellectual Property License Agreement, dated May 16, 2017 (the “License Agreement”), granted 
us a license to use and sublicense the use of the Marks. The License Agreement has a term of 99 
years, and can be terminated on 30-days’ notice if we materially breach the License Agreement 
and fail to cure the breach, or cease to be an affiliate of WOB (resulting in the loss of our right to 
use and to sublicense the use of the Marks). Your rights to use the Marks under the Franchise 
Agreement will not be affected by the termination of our license. 
The following table sets forth the status of registrations and applications with the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office (“PTO”) for federal registration of our principal trademarks.  All 
Marks are registered on the Principal Register. 
