 
5 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. D – Consent to Transfer 
1167.001.012/419818 
Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas®, or Egg N’ Joe® franchise systems, or any other service-marked or 
trademarked concept of Franchisor or the Franchisor Parties, or take any other action which would subject 
the Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner®, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas®, or Egg N’ Joe® 
brands to ridicule, scandal, reproach, scorn, or indignity or which would negatively impact the goodwill of 
Franchisor, the Franchisor Parties, or the Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner®, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast 
 Brunch  Mimosas®, or Egg N’ Joe® brands. 
 
9. 
Acknowledgment.  Buyer, Seller and Seller Guarantor acknowledge and agree that they 
have negotiated the Purchase Agreement without involvement by Franchisor, that Franchisor has not 
effected or arranged the Transfer, and that Franchisor’s only involvement in the transaction has been for 
the purpose of exercising its right of consent to the Transfer in accordance with the Seller Franchise 
Agreement.  Buyer, Seller and Seller Guarantor have assumed sole and full responsibility for making the 
final decision to purchase and sell the Interests and each has consulted, or has had the opportunity to consult 
but, of its own accord, elected not to consult, with its own legal and financial advisors.  Buyer further 
understands that as part of analyzing the purchase of the Interests from Seller, it is Buyer’s responsibility 
to meet with or otherwise gather necessary information from the appropriate parties which may or may not 
affect Buyer’s purchase of the Interests from Seller. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Buyer will have 
no right to operate the Restaurant, under the Buyer Franchise Agreement or otherwise, unless and until the 
Transfer is completed and Buyer has taken possession of the Restaurant. 
 
10. 
Additional Documents.  Buyer and Seller agree to execute such additional documents as 
may be necessary to complete the Transfer as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Seller 
Franchise Agreement and the Buyer Franchise Agreement. 
 
11. 
Miscellaneous Provisions.   
 
a. Confidentiality.  Except as reasonably necessary to perform Seller’s, Seller Guarantor’s, or 
Buyer’s obligations or exercise or enforce Seller’s, Seller Guarantor’s, or Buyer’s rights 
under this Consent, neither Seller, Seller Guarantor, nor Buyer shall provide or disclose to 
any third party, or use, unless authorized in writing to do so by Franchisor or properly 
directed or ordered to do so by public authority or court of competent jurisdiction, any 
information or matter that constitutes or concerns the terms and conditions of this Consent 
or that regards any dealings or negotiations with Seller, Seller Guarantor, or Buyer related 
to this Consent. 
 
b. Governing Law.  Any disputes arising under this Consent shall be subject to and resolved 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 17.G (Arbitration) and 17.I (Consent to 
Jurisdiction) of the Buyer Franchise Agreement, which provisions are incorporated herein 
as through copied in their entirety.  This Consent will be construed and enforced in 
accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Oregon, without regard to its 
conflicts of law rules. 
 
c. Amendment.  This Consent may not be modified or amended or any term hereof waived 
or discharged except in a writing signed by the party against whom such amendment, 
modification, waiver or discharge is sought to be enforced. 
 
d. Headings.  The headings of this Consent are for convenience and reference only and will 
not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 
