 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
36 
 
 
You understand and acknowledge that during any such interim period, you are still the owner of the 
Restaurant and you continue to bear sole liability for any and all accounts payable, obligations, and/or 
contracts, including all obligations under the Lease and all obligations to your vendors and employees and 
contractors.  You understand that we are not required to use your employees, vendors, or accounts to operate 
the Restaurant. You also agree that we may elect to cease such interim operations of the Restaurant at any 
time with notice to you. 
If we exercise our rights under subparagraphs (1) or (2) above, that will not affect our right to 
terminate this Agreement under Section 14.B. above. Your indemnification obligations set forth under 
Section 16.D will continue to apply during any period that we or our designee operate your Restaurant on 
an interim basis. 
15. 
OUR AND YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR 
EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
A. 
Payment of Amounts Owed to Us.   You agree to pay us within 15 days after this 
Agreement expires or is terminated, or on any later date that we determine the amounts due to us, the 
Royalty, Brand Promotion Fund contributions, interest, and all other amounts owed to us (and our affiliates) 
which then are unpaid. 
B. 
Cessation of Operations; De-Identification.  When this Agreement expires or is 
terminated for any reason: 
(1) 
you must immediately close the Restaurant for business to customers and cease to 
directly or indirectly sell any products and services of any kind and in any manner from the 
Restaurant and/or using the Marks, unless we direct you otherwise in connection with our exercise 
of our option to purchase pursuant to Section 15.E; 
(2) 
you must cease all use, direct or indirect, of any Mark, any colorable imitation of 
a Mark, or other indicia of a Restaurant in any manner or for any purpose; and must not use for any 
purpose any trade name, trade or service mark, or other commercial symbol that indicates or 
suggests a connection or association with us; 
(3) 
you may not directly or indirectly at any time or in any manner identify yourself 
or any business as a current or former franchisee or Restaurant (except with other Restaurants you 
own and operate) and you agree to take the action required to cancel all fictitious or assumed name 
or equivalent registrations relating to your use of any Mark; 
(4) 
you agree to deliver to us or destroy (as we require), at your expense, within 30 
days all signs, sign-faces, sign-cabinets, menus, marketing materials, forms, and other materials 
containing any Mark or otherwise identifying or relating to a Restaurant, including copies of all 
Confidential Information, and allow us, without liability to you or third parties, to remove these 
items from your Restaurant; 
(5) 
if we do not have or do not exercise an option to purchase your Restaurant under 
Section 15.E below, you agree promptly and at your own expense to make the alterations we specify 
in the Operations Manual (or otherwise in writing) to distinguish your Restaurant clearly from its 
former appearance and from other Restaurants in order to prevent public confusion and in order to 
comply with the non-competition provisions set forth in Section 15.D; 
