 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
26 
 
 
and monthly maintenance fee for the webpage. We will own all intellectual property and other 
rights in the Franchise System Website, including your webpage, and all information they contain 
(including the domain name or URL for your webpage, the log of “hits” by visitors, and any 
personal or business data that visitors supply). We may discontinue or modify any Franchise 
System Website, or consolidate a Franchise System Website with the website of any other 
designated brand concept, at any time we determine. 
 
All advertising, marketing, and promotional materials that you develop for your Restaurant 
must contain notices of the Franchise System Website’s domain name in the manner we designate. 
You may not develop, maintain, or authorize any other website that mentions or describes you, 
your Restaurant or displays any of the Marks. If we approve the use of any domain name, 
homepage, electronic address, social media account, user name, other online presence or presence 
on any electronic, virtual, or digital medium of any kind (“Online Presence”) in the operation of 
your Restaurant, you will develop and maintain such Online Presence only in accordance with our 
then-current social media policy, which we may periodically modify, including guidelines for 
posting any messages or commentary on third-party websites. We will own the rights to each such 
Online Presence. At our request, you will grant us access to each such Online Presence, and take 
whatever action (including signing an assignment or other documents) we request to evidence our 
ownership of such Online Presence, or to help us obtain exclusive rights in such Online Presence. 
You must list and advertise your Restaurant in at least one recommended online or 
classified telephone directory distributed within the market area of your Restaurant (in the business 
classifications we prescribe from time to time) and use the form of classified telephone directory 
advertisement approved by us. You must not list or advertise your Restaurant on any internet 
search engines (for example, Google Local and CitySearch) or any internet consumer review 
websites (for example, Yelp and Urban Spoon) unless we expressly direct you to do so. 
Computer Hardware and Software 
You must purchase a computer system approved by us from the designated vendor to 
ensure compliance with our System Standards.  Currently, the approved computer system consists 
of POS software, POS hardware, cash drawers, printers (thermal and impact), a personal computer 
including Microsoft Office, high speed internet connection, managed security services, firewall, 
office printer/scanner, related cabling and a maintenance contract.  
Your POS system will enable you to collect information about customer orders, sales by 
hour/day/period and inventory.  We will have the ability to independently access your computer 
system, including your POS system. There are no contractual limitations on our and our affiliates’ 
right to access this information and data. 
You must purchase all of the above items from our approved vendor.  Your cost to purchase 
the entire system will range between $12,500 and $40,000, depending on many factors. 
Additionally, for the POS system, you will pay monthly fees ranging between $700 and $1,000 
which covers maintenance, updating, and upgrading the POS system. You will be responsible for 
paying for access to our approved suppliers of hosted software services for an annual amount of 
approximately $250 per year. You will be responsible for paying for routine maintenance, updates 
and upgrades to your personal computer, internet and Wi-Fi, which we estimate to range from 
$800 to $5,000 per year. In addition, we may, but do not currently, charge you a technology fee 
for any proprietary software or technology that we or our affiliates license to you and for other 
maintenance, support, and technology development services that we or our affiliates provide. 
