 
 
B-2 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
breakfast foods, other food products and beverages, and related products and services periodically approved 
by Franchisor under the trade name [“Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner®”] [Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  
Brunch  Mimosas®] [“Egg N’ Joe®”]. 
 
3. 
Adjoining Use.  No operation currently exists, and Landlord shall not permit, directly or indirectly, 
a restaurant whose sale of breakfast foods for on-premises consumption, delivery, or carryout exceeds 10% 
of such restaurant’s total gross receipts, or any adult bookstore, or adult theater to be operated within five 
hundred (500) feet of the Premises in any building owned, leased, or controlled by Landlord. 
 
4. 
Compliance of Premises With Applicable Law; Parking.  Landlord represents and warrants that as 
of the date hereof the Premises are in compliance with all applicable law, including without limitation 
parking sufficient to comply with the use of the Premises as provided in paragraph 2 above.  Tenant shall 
have the right to use parking spaces for its guests, invitees and employees in an amount at least sufficient 
to comply with applicable zoning and other laws.  The use of the parking spaces is provided by Landlord 
to Tenant without additional charge.  
 
5. 
Radius/Relocation.  Any radius restrictions or relocation provisions found in the Lease are hereby 
deleted and of no further force or effect. 
 
6. 
Remodeling, Décor, Signs and Marks.  Landlord agrees that Tenant shall have the right to remodel, 
equip, paint, and decorate the interior of the Premises and to display the Marks, signs, and awnings on the 
interior and exterior of the Premises as Tenant is required to do pursuant to the Franchise Agreement and 
any successor Franchise Agreement under which Tenant may operate an [Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  
Dinner®] [Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas®] [Egg N’ Joe®]  restaurant in the Premises; 
provided, however, that Tenant shall make no structural changes to the Premises without Landlord’s 
consent. 
 
7. 
Tenant’s Signage.  Notwithstanding anything in the Lease contained to the contrary or in conflict, 
Landlord hereby grants and approves the following signage rights:  
 
7.1. 
Landlord agrees to allow Tenant to use Franchisor’s standard sign and awning package to 
the maximum extent permitted by local governmental authorities. 
 
7.2. 
Tenant shall be provided, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, with a panel on any 
pylon/monument/directory sign for the development in which the Premises is located, and shall be 
permitted to install a standard sign thereon as approved by Franchisor, including without limitation 
Franchisor’s logo. 
 
8. 
Notice and Cure Rights to Franchisor.  Prior to exercising any remedies hereunder (except in the 
event of imminent danger to the Premises), Landlord shall give Franchisor written notice of any default by 
Tenant or expiration or termination of the Lease, and commencing upon receipt thereof by Franchisor, 
Franchisor shall have 15 additional days to the established cure period as is given to Tenant under the Lease 
for such default, provided that in no event shall Franchisor have a cure period of less than (i) 15 days after 
Franchisor’s receipt of such notice as to monetary defaults or (ii) 30 days after Franchisor’s receipt of such 
notice as to non-monetary defaults.  Landlord agrees to accept cure tendered by Franchisor as if the same 
was tendered by Tenant, but Franchisor has no obligation to cure such default.  The initial address for 
notices to Franchisor is as follows: 
 
