 
 
 
18 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
8. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION. 
A. 
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.   
We and you hereby acknowledge and agree that each of us is an independent contractor, 
that neither of us is considered to be the agent, representative, master or servant, employer or 
employee of the other for any purpose whatsoever, and that neither of us has any authority to enter 
into any contract, to assume any obligations or to give any warranties or representations on behalf 
of the other.  Nothing in this Agreement may be construed to create a relationship of partners, joint 
venturers, fiduciaries, agency, employment or any other similar relationship between us and you. 
B. 
INDEMNIFICATION.   
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and our and their 
respective owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assignees (the 
“Indemnified Parties”) against, and to reimburse any one or more of the Indemnified Parties for, 
all claims, obligations, and damages directly or indirectly arising out of: (i) your identification, 
acquisition, or development of sites for Restaurants, (ii) the operation of the business you conduct 
under this Agreement, (iii) your breach of this Agreement, and/or (iv) your employment practices 
or that are instituted by your employees, including, without limitation, those alleged to be caused 
by the Indemnified Party’s negligence, unless (and then only to the extent that) the claims, 
obligations, or damages are determined to be caused solely by the Indemnified Party’s intentional 
misconduct in a final, unappealable ruling issued by a court with competent jurisdiction.  For 
purposes of this indemnification, “claims” include all obligations, damages (actual, consequential, 
or otherwise), and costs that any Indemnified Party reasonably incurs in defending any claim 
against it, including, without limitation, reasonable accountants’, arbitrators’, attorneys’, and 
expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, 
and other expenses of litigation or alternative dispute resolution, regardless of whether litigation 
or alternative dispute resolution is commenced.  Each Indemnified Party may, in its discretion and 
at your expense, control the defense of any claim against it (including choosing and retaining its 
own legal counsel), agree to settlements of claims against it, and take any other remedial, 
corrective, or other actions in response to such claims.  This indemnity will continue in full force 
and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or termination.  An 
Indemnified Party need not seek recovery from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise 
mitigate its losses and expenses, in order to maintain and recover fully a claim against you under 
this subparagraph.  You agree that a failure to pursue a recovery or mitigate a loss will not reduce 
or alter the amounts that an Indemnified Party may recover from you under this Section 8.B. 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT; ARBITRATION. 
A. 
ARBITRATION 
We and you agree that all controversies, disputes, or claims between us or any of our 
affiliates, and our and their respective owners, officers, directors, managers, agents, and 
employees, on the one hand, and you (and your owners, guarantors, Affiliates, and employees), on 
the other hand, arising out of or related to: 
(1) 
this Agreement or any other agreement between you (or any of your owners) 
and us (or any of our affiliates); 
