 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
31 
 
 
(2) 
our credit will be deemed equal to the credit of any proposed buyer (meaning that, 
if the proposed consideration includes promissory notes, we or our designee may provide 
promissory notes with the same terms as those offered by the proposed buyer); 
(3) 
we will have an additional 30 days to prepare for closing after notifying you of our 
election to purchase; and 
(4) 
we must receive, and you and your owners agree to make, all customary 
representations and warranties given by the seller of the assets of a business or the ownership 
interests in a legal entity, as applicable, including representations and warranties regarding: 
(a) 
ownership and condition of and title to ownership interests or assets; 
(b) 
liens and encumbrances relating to ownership interests or assets; and 
(c) 
validity of contracts and the liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of the 
entity whose assets or ownership interests are being purchased. 
If we exercise our right of first refusal, you and your selling owner(s) (and your and their immediate 
family members) agree that, for two years beginning on the closing date, you and they will be bound by the 
non-competition covenant contained in Section 15.D. below.  We have the unrestricted right to assign this 
right of first refusal to a third party, who then will have the rights described in this Section 12.G. 
If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, you or your owners may complete the sale to the 
proposed buyer on the original offer’s terms, but only if we approve the transfer in accordance with, and 
you (and your owners) and the transferee comply with the conditions in, Sections 12.B and 12.C above.  
This means that, even if we do not exercise our right of first refusal (whether or not it is properly triggered 
as provided above), if the proposed transfer would not be allowed under Sections 12.B and 12.C above, you 
(or your owners) may not move forward with the transfer at all. 
If you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer within 60 days after we notify you that we 
do not intend to exercise our right of first refusal, or if there is a material change in the terms of the sale 
(which you agree to tell us promptly), we or our designee will have an additional right of first refusal during 
the 30-day period following either the expiration of the 60-day period or our receipt of notice of the material 
change(s) in the sale’s terms, either on the terms originally offered or the modified terms, at our or our 
designee’s option. 
13. 
EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
A. 
Your Right to Acquire a Successor Franchise.   When this Agreement expires: 
(1) 
if you (and each of your owners) have substantially complied with this Agreement 
during its term; and 
(2) 
if you (and each of your owners) are, both on the date you give us written notice 
of your election to acquire a successor franchise (as provided in Section 13.B. below) and on the 
date on which the term of the successor franchise would commence, in full compliance with this 
Agreement and all System Standards; and 
(3) 
provided that (a) you maintain possession of and agree (regardless of cost) to 
remodel or expand your Restaurant, add or replace improvements and Operating Assets, and 
