 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
9 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE1 
AMOUNT 
DUE DATE REMARKS 
Costs and 
Attorneys’ Fees 
Will vary under 
circumstances 
As incurred 
Payable only if you do not comply with the Franchise 
Agreement or Area Development Agreement, and we 
are the prevailing party in any relevant litigation or 
arbitration. 
Non-Compliance 
Charge 
Up to $100 per failure 
to comply with the 
Franchise Agreement 
(at our discretion) 
On demand, 
the day after 
non-
compliance 
occurs  
Only if you fail to comply with your obligations under 
the Franchise Agreement (for example, a failure to pay 
fees or submit reports when due). In addition to any 
other remedies we have under the Franchise Agreement 
as a result of the non-compliance.   
Lost Revenue 
Damages 
Will vary under 
circumstances 
As incurred 
Payable if we terminate the Franchise Agreement, or 
you terminate it without cause. An amount equal to the 
net present value of the Royalty fees and Brand 
Promotion Fund contributions that would have become 
due had the Franchise Agreement not been terminated, 
from the date of termination to the earlier of (i) five (5) 
years thereafter, or (ii) the scheduled expiration date of 
the Franchise Agreement. Calculated based on Gross 
Sales of the Restaurant for the 12 months preceding the 
last date of regular operations of your Restaurant, or if 
the Restaurant had not been in operation for at least 12 
months, then based on the average monthly Gross Sales 
of all Restaurants of your designated brand concept 
during our fiscal year immediately preceding such date.  
NOTES 
1. 
Except as otherwise noted, all fees are imposed by and payable to us or our affiliates. All 
fees are non-refundable. These fees are uniformly imposed for franchisees signing the Franchise 
Agreement but may not be uniformly imposed on existing franchisees. Unless otherwise indicated, 
fees are due under the Franchise Agreement. 
2. 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement, you or an Approved Affiliate will be required 
to sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement as sites are approved for your Restaurants, 
but the royalty rate under each Franchise Agreement you or an Approved Affiliate signs during 
the original term of the Area Development Agreement will be the lower of either the royalty rate 
in effect when you sign the Area Development Agreement or the standard royalty rate we are 
charging when you sign the Franchise Agreement.   
3. 
Initially, you will contribute 1% of Gross Sales to the Brand Promotion Fund. However, at 
any time and on notice to you, we may change the amount you must contribute to the Brand 
Promotion Fund, but we cannot require that you contribute more than 2% of your Restaurant’s 
Gross Sales, and we cannot require you to contribute or spend an amount that would cause your 
aggregate expenditures on marketing to exceed your Marketing Cap. 
4. 
These fees are subject to increase, not more than once per year, up to the difference, 
expressed as a percentage, in CPI as determined by comparing the CPI in effect as of the later of 
(i) the date you sign the Franchise Agreement, or (ii) the date we begin imposing the applicable 
fee, to the CPI in effect as of the date we increase the fee. “CPI” means the National Consumer 
