 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
16 
 
 
artwork, lettering, logos and display and advertising materials that we approve from time to time.  You 
further agree to maintain the condition and appearance of your Restaurant, its Operating Assets and the 
Premises in accordance with the System Standards and, consistent with the image of Restaurants, as an 
efficiently operated business offering high quality products and services and observing the highest standards 
of cleanliness and efficient, courteous service.  Therefore, you agree to take, without limitation, the 
following actions during the Term at your expense:  (a) thorough cleaning, repainting and redecorating of 
the interior and exterior of the Premises at intervals that we may prescribe; (b) interior and exterior repair 
of the Premises as needed; and (c) repair or replacement, at our direction, of damaged, worn-out or obsolete 
Operating Assets at intervals that we may prescribe (or, if we do not prescribe an interval for replacing any 
Operating Asset, as that Operating Asset needs to be repaired or replaced). 
In addition to the foregoing, you agree to renovate, refurbish, remodel, or replace, at your own 
expense, the real and personal property and equipment used in operating the Restaurant when reasonably 
required by us in order to comply with the image, standards of operation, and performance capability we 
establish from time to time.  If we change our image or standards of operation, you must comply with such 
changes. 
B. 
Restaurant Classification.   You must operate and maintain the Restaurant in a manner 
which will ensure that the Restaurant will obtain the highest classification possible for restaurants of like 
kind from the governmental authorities that inspect restaurants in the area where the Restaurant is operated. 
If you are not able to obtain such classification, or if you fail to operate in accordance with the general 
standards of quality, maintenance, repairs, and sanitation required by us, then we may, at our option, place 
such trained personnel in the Restaurant as we deem necessary to train the managerial and operating 
personnel of the Restaurant until the Restaurant can obtain the highest classification or meet such general 
standards. Our personnel shall remain at the Restaurant until the required classification is obtained or until 
we, in our sole discretion, decide to remove them. You shall pay all costs associated with providing the 
personnel, including costs of transportation, meals, lodging, wages, or other compensation, including fringe 
benefits. 
C. 
Products and Services Your Restaurant Offers.   You agree that you (1) will offer and 
sell from your Restaurant all of the products and services that we periodically specify; (2) will not offer or 
sell at your Restaurant, the Premises or any other location any products or services we have not authorized; 
and (3) will discontinue selling and offering for sale any products or services that we at any time disapprove.  
D. 
Management of Your Restaurant.   You are solely responsible for the management, 
direction and control of your Restaurant.  You (or your Managing Owner) must supervise the management 
and operation of your Restaurant and continuously exert best efforts to promote and enhance your 
Restaurant.  The day to day operations of your Restaurant shall be managed by your Designated Managers.  
Your Designated Managers agree to work full-time at your Restaurant.  During operational hours, at least 
one Designated Manager who has successfully completed the initial training program to our satisfaction 
must at all times be at the Restaurant.   In the event that a Designated Manager ceases active employment 
at the Restaurant, you must notify us within 5 days of the cessation and enroll a qualified replacement in 
the initial training program within 30 days of the cessation.   
E. 
Approved Products, Services, and Suppliers.   If you propose to offer, conduct, or utilize 
any services, products, materials, forms, items, or supplies in connection with or for sale through your 
Restaurant that are not approved by us, you shall first notify us in writing requesting approval.  We may 
withhold such approval for any reason at our sole discretion; however, in order to make such determination, 
we may require submission of specifications, information, or samples of such services, products, materials, 
forms, items, or supplies.  We will advise you within a reasonable time whether such products, supplies, or 
services meet our System Standards.  A charge not to exceed the actual cost of the review may be made by 
