 
2 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. D – Consent to Transfer 
1167.001.012/419818 
has been, or will be, executed by them to effectuate the Transfer.  The Purchase Agreement will not be 
amended, and the terms set forth in the Purchase Agreement will not be changed, except with the prior 
written consent of Franchisor. 
 
3. 
Conditional Consent; Release of Guaranty.  As of the Closing Date, the Seller Franchise 
Agreement will terminate and operation of the Restaurant will thereafter be governed by the Buyer 
Franchise Agreement.  Upon termination of the Seller Franchise Agreement, neither Seller nor Seller 
Guarantor shall have any further rights or obligations thereunder, except that neither Seller nor Seller 
Guarantor shall be released from (i) any obligations to pay money owed to Franchisor under the Seller 
Franchise Agreement or the guaranty prior to the Closing Date or such other date as may be set forth herein; 
or (ii) the provisions of the Seller Franchise Agreement that, either expressly or by their nature, survive 
termination of the Seller Franchise Agreement (including, without limitation, provisions related to 
confidential information, post-termination restrictive covenants, indemnification, notice, governing law, 
jurisdiction and venue, and dispute resolution).  Notwithstanding anything in this Consent to the contrary, 
the consent and release set forth herein are expressly contingent upon compliance with the following terms 
and conditions on or before the date of the closing of the Transfer (“Closing Date”): 
 
a. Payment of Amounts Due.  Seller will pay all amounts due and owing from Seller (or an 
affiliate of Seller) to Franchisor through the Closing Date. 
 
b. Transfer Fee.  Upon execution of this Consent by Seller and Buyer, a transfer fee in the 
amount of $_____ (“Transfer Fee”) shall be paid to Franchisor via cashier’s check or wire 
transfer.  Except as described in Section 5 below, Seller and Buyer acknowledge and agree 
that Franchisor has earned the Transfer Fee upon receipt thereof and that the Transfer Fee 
is not refundable. 
 
c. Training.  Buyer’s Designated Managers shall complete Initial Training (as defined and 
described in the Buyer Franchise Agreement) to Franchisor’s satisfaction prior to the 
Closing Date. 
 
d. Right to Possession.  Buyer will provide satisfactory evidence to Franchisor that Buyer has 
the right to possession of the premises for the Restaurant by way of lease assignment and/or 
assumption or otherwise (with all required landlord consents), as more fully described in 
Section 6 below. 
 
e. Restaurant Possession.  Prior to the Closing Date and changing possession and/or 
ownership of the Restaurant, Seller and Buyer shall obtain the written consent and 
authorization of Franchisor. 
 
f. Seller Financing.  Regardless of any provision of the Purchase Agreement (or any other 
agreement) to the contrary, if Seller provides financing to Buyer for any portion of the 
purchase price for the Restaurant and such financing is secured by any assets of the 
Restaurant, Seller acknowledges and agrees that Seller does not and will not have any 
interests or rights, revisionary or otherwise, to operate the Restaurant after the Closing Date 
pursuant to the Seller Franchise Agreement or Buyer Franchise Agreement.  Further, Seller 
agrees that all of the Buyer’s obligations under promissory notes, agreements, or security 
interests are subordinate to the Buyer’s obligation to pay Royalty, Brand Promotion Fund 
contributions, and other amounts due to Franchisor, its affiliates, and third party vendors, 
and otherwise to comply with the Buyer Franchise Agreement. 
 
