 
 
 
8 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
Each of the foregoing shall be in the form and format that we reasonably specify, shall be 
delivered to us in the manner we specify, and shall be certified as correct by you or, if you are not 
a natural person, by your Managing Owner. 
Further, at our request, you will provide financial information of your owners and 
guarantors sufficient to demonstrate such owners’ and guarantors’ ability to satisfy their financial 
obligations under the Agreement. 
3. 
FEES.   
A. 
DEVELOPMENT FEE.   
In addition to paying the Initial Franchise Fee due under the first Franchise Agreement 
referenced in Section 2.B, you must pay us, on your execution of this Agreement and in 
consideration of the grant of the Development Rights, a development fee in an amount equal to (1) 
$20,000 multiplied by (2) the number of Restaurants required to be opened pursuant to the 
Development Schedule, less one (the “Development Fee”).  The Development Fee is fully earned 
by us when you and we sign this Agreement and is nonrefundable.  We will apply the Development 
Fee as a credit against the initial franchise fee due under each Franchise Agreement (subsequent 
to the first Franchise Agreement) which you or your Affiliates execute pursuant to this Agreement, 
subject to a maximum credit under any Franchise Agreement of $20,000 and a maximum credit 
for all such Franchise Agreements, in the aggregate, equal to the total Development Fee.   
B. 
METHOD OF PAYMENT.   
All amounts payable by you pursuant to this Agreement will, unless otherwise directed in 
writing by us, be paid by way of certified check or bank draft delivered to us at the address set out 
herein or at such other place as we designate in writing. 
4. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION/INNOVATIONS.   
A. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.   
In connection with your exercise of the Development Rights under this Agreement, you 
and your owners and personnel may from time to time be provided and/or have access to non-
public information about the Franchise System and the development and operation of Restaurants 
(including Restaurants developed under this Agreement), some of which constitutes trade secrets 
under applicable law, regardless of whether it is marked confidential (the “Proprietary 
Information”), including without limitation the Franchise Agreements, this Agreement, the 
Franchise System, plans, specifications, financial or business data or projections, all documents, 
data, information, materials, reports, proposals, procedures, financial information, compensation 
information, job descriptions, employee biographies, proposed advertising, advertising and 
marketing plans, advertising strategies, marketing techniques, operations manuals, formulas, 
samples, improvements, models, drawings, programs, compilations, devices, methods, designs, 
techniques and specifications, inventions, know-how, processes, recipes, business plans, site 
selection criteria, customer information, purchasing techniques, supplier lists, supplier 
information, operations, our trade secrets, or any other forms of business information.  The 
Proprietary Information: (i) shall be deemed proprietary and shall be held by you in strict 
confidence; (ii) shall not be disclosed or revealed or shared with any other person except to your 
employees or contractors who have a need to know such Proprietary Information for purposes of 
