 
4 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. K – State Pages 
1167.001.012/419825 
 
Your rights upon Termination and Non-Renewal of an agreement are set forth in Sections 
19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
 
In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive 
compliance with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
2. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, 
or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
WASHINGTON 
 
1. 
The following is added to the end of the Special Risks to Consider About 
This Franchise page: 
 
Financial Condition. The franchisor’s financial condition, as reflected in its 
financial statements (see Item 21), calls into question the franchisor’s financial 
ability to provide services and support to you. 
 
2. 
The following is added to the end of the Special Risks to Consider About 
This Franchise page: 
 
The franchisor uses the services of franchise brokers to assist it in selling franchises.  
A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects 
to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise.  Do not rely only on the information 
provided by a franchise broker about a franchise.  Do your own investigation by 
contacting the franchisor’s current and former franchisees to ask them about their 
experience with the franchisor. 
 
3. 
The following matter is added at the end of Item 3: 
 
In re: Franchise No Poaching Provisions (We Are Crackin’ LLC) (Case No. 19-2-
26768-2 SEA; State of Washington, King County Superior Court). Beginning in 
January 2018, the Washington Attorney General launched a sweeping investigation 
into the use of non-solicitation and no-hire provisions in franchise agreements, with 
the stated goal of “eliminating no-poach clauses nationwide.” The Washington 
Attorney General asserted that such no-poach provisions violated the Washington 
Consumer Protection Act.  We elected, on October 11, 2019, to enter into an 
Assurance of Discontinuance (“AOD”) to avoid the time and expense of a 
protracted court action. Other than as a mechanism for the court to approve and 
enter the AOD, no court proceeding was initiated. Under the terms of the AOD, we 
