 
 
 
20 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
that such dispute, controversy or claim shall be resolved in a judicial proceeding in accordance 
with the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement. 
We and you agree that, in any arbitration arising as described in this Section, the arbitrator 
shall have full authority to manage any necessary exchange of information among the parties with 
a view to achieving an efficient and economical resolution of the dispute.   
The provisions of this Section are intended to benefit and bind certain third-party non-
signatories and will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
Any provisions of this Agreement below that pertain to judicial proceedings shall be 
subject to the agreement to arbitrate contained in this Section. 
B. 
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.   
Subject to the agreement to arbitrate (Section 9.A above) and the provisions below, you 
and your owners agree that all actions arising under this Agreement or any related agreements, or 
otherwise as a result of the relationship between you (and your owners, guarantors, affiliates, and 
employees) and us (or any of our affiliates, and our and their respective owners, officers, directors, 
agents, representatives, and employees) must be commenced in a federal or state court nearest to 
our or, as applicable, our successor’s or assign’s then-current principal place of business (currently 
Eugene, Oregon), and you (and each owner) irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of that court 
and waive any objection you (or the owner) might have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in that 
court. 
C. 
WAIVER OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND JURY TRIAL.   
Except for your obligation to indemnify us for third party claims under Section 8.B, we 
and you (and your owners) waive to the fullest extent permitted by law any right to or claim for 
any punitive or exemplary damages against the other and agree that, in the event of a dispute 
between us and you, the party making a claim will be limited to equitable relief and to recovery of 
any actual damages it sustains. 
We and you irrevocably waive trial by jury in any action or proceeding brought by either 
party. 
D. 
INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.   
Nothing in this Agreement, including the provisions of Section 9.B, bars our right to obtain 
specific performance of the provisions of this Agreement and injunctive relief against any 
threatened or actual conduct that will cause us, the Marks or the Franchise System loss or damage, 
under customary equity rules, including applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and 
temporary or preliminary injunctions.  You agree that we may seek such relief from any court of 
competent jurisdiction in addition to such further or other relief as may be available to us at law 
or in equity.  You agree that we will not be required to post a bond to obtain injunctive relief and 
that your only remedy if an injunction is entered against you will be the dissolution of that 
injunction, if warranted, upon due hearing, and you hereby expressly waive any claim for damages 
caused by such injunction.  
