 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
11 
 
 
Manual is lost, destroyed, or significantly damaged, you agree to obtain a replacement copy at our then 
applicable charge. 
At our option, we may make some or all of the Operations Manual available through a restricted 
Website or extranet to which you will have access. If we do so, you agree to monitor and access the Website 
or extranet for any updates to the Operations Manual or System Standards.  Any passwords or other digital 
identifications necessary to access the Operations Manual will be deemed to be part of Confidential 
Information (as defined in Section 6). For purposes of this Agreement, “Website” means an interactive 
electronic document contained in a network of computers linked by communications software, including 
the internet and world wide web home pages. 
D. 
Delegation of Performance.   You agree that we have the right to delegate the performance 
of any portion or all of our obligations under this Agreement to third-party designees, whether these 
designees are our agents or independent contractors with whom we have contracted to perform these 
obligations. 
5. 
MARKS; COPYRIGHTS. 
A. 
Ownership and Goodwill of Marks.   Your right to use the Marks and the Franchise 
System is derived only from this Agreement and limited to your operating your Restaurant according to 
this Agreement and all System Standards we prescribe during its term.  Your unauthorized use of the Marks 
or the Franchise System is a breach of this Agreement and infringes our and our affiliates’ intellectual 
property rights.  You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Marks, the Franchise System, and any 
goodwill established by that use are exclusively for our and our affiliates’ (as their interests may appear) 
benefit and that this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Marks or the Franchise 
System upon you (other than the right to operate your Restaurant under this Agreement).  All provisions of 
this Agreement relating to the Marks apply to any additional proprietary trade and service marks we 
authorize you to use.  You may not at any time during or after this Agreement’s term contest or assist any 
other person in contesting the validity of, or our rights to, the Marks. 
B. 
Limitations on Your Use of Marks.   You agree to use the Marks associated with your 
Designated Brand Concept as the sole identification of your Restaurant, except that you agree to identify 
yourself as its independent owner in the manner we prescribe.  You may not use any Mark (1) as part of 
any corporate or legal business name, (2) with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, 
or symbols (other than logos we have licensed to you), (3) in selling any unauthorized services or products, 
(4) as part of any domain name, homepage, electronic address, or otherwise in connection with a Website 
(unless in connection with our approved Franchise System Website (as defined in Section 9.D)), (5) in any 
user name, screen name, domain name, homepage, electronic address, social media account, other online 
presence or presence on any electronic, virtual, or digital medium of any kind (“Online Presence”), or (6) 
in any other manner that we have not expressly authorized in writing.  You may not use any Mark in 
advertising the transfer, sale, or other disposition of your Restaurant or an ownership interest in you without 
our prior written consent.  You agree to display the Marks associated with your Designated Brand Concept 
prominently as we prescribe at your Restaurant and on forms, advertising, supplies, and other materials we 
designate.  You agree to give the notices of trade and service mark registrations that we specify and to 
obtain any fictitious or assumed name registrations required under applicable law. 
C. 
Discontinuance of Use of Marks.   If it becomes advisable, in our opinion, at any time for 
us to require you to modify or discontinue using any Mark or to use one or more additional or substitute 
trademarks or service marks, you agree to comply with our directions within a reasonable time after 
receiving notice.  We need not reimburse you for your direct expenses of changing the signs of your 
