 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
3 
 
 
directly or through an affiliate, or offer a franchise to own and operate a Restaurant under either Designated 
Brand Concept, at any location within a 1 mile radius of the Premises, and you are not in default of this 
Agreement, you will have a right of first refusal to develop and operate such Restaurant under the same 
Designated Brand Concept which we intend to own and operate or grant a franchise. This right of first 
refusal will not apply: 
(a) 
if the location of the proposed Restaurant is being developed within the 
territory reserved to another franchisee pursuant to an area development agreement between 
us and such franchisee; 
(b) 
if the location of the proposed Restaurant is a multi-business or multi-
concept venue, including, but not limited to, military bases, casinos, schools, colleges and 
universities, airports and other transportation terminals, roadway rest stops, amusement 
parks, and entertainment and sports venues; 
(c) 
to food and specialty retail outlets selling or proposing to sell any of the 
specialized food and beverage products formulated and prepared by us or our affiliates; or 
(d) 
if the proposed Restaurant will offer a limited menu or otherwise simplified 
version of the Franchise System. 
To exercise your right of first refusal under this Section, you must execute and deliver to us a notice in 
the form we prescribe within thirty (30) calendar days of receiving notice from us that we intend to 
develop such Restaurant or offer such a franchise. 
We may, at our option, engage in all other activities not expressly prohibited by this Agreement. 
D. 
The Exercise of Our Judgment.  We have the right to operate, develop, and change the 
Franchise System in any manner that is not specifically prohibited by this Agreement. Whenever we have 
reserved in this Agreement a right to take or to withhold an action, to grant or decline to grant you a right 
to take or withhold an action, or to provide or withhold approval or consent, we may, except as otherwise 
specifically provided in this Agreement, make our decision or exercise our rights based on information 
readily available to us and on our judgment of what is in our or the Franchise System’s best interests at the 
time our decision is made. 
E. 
Corporation, Limited Liability Company, or Partnership.  If you are at any time a 
corporation, limited liability company, or partnership (each, an “Entity”), you agree and represent that: 
(1) 
You will have the authority to execute, deliver, and perform your obligations under 
this Agreement and all related agreements and are duly organized or formed and are and will, 
throughout this Agreement’s term, remain validly existing and in good standing under the laws of 
the state of your incorporation or formation; 
(2) 
Your organizational documents, operating agreement, or partnership agreement, 
as applicable, will recite that this Agreement restricts the issuance and transfer of any ownership 
interests in you, and all certificates and other documents representing ownership interests in you 
will bear a legend referring to this Agreement’s restrictions; 
(3) 
Exhibit A to this Agreement completely and accurately describes all of your 
owners and their interests in you as of the Effective Date;  
