 
 
 
5 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
made available to small businesses as an economic stimulus, if necessary to comply with your 
obligations under this Agreement. 
F. 
EXTENSION OF TERM.  
If you and your affiliates have been in compliance with the Development Schedule and 
your (and your affiliates’) other obligations under this Agreement and the Franchise Agreements 
throughout the Term (regardless of whether we exercised our right to issue a notice of default or 
termination), you may, at your option and subject to your compliance with the provisions of this 
Section 1.F, extend the Term for successive terms as follows: 
(1) 
If you wish to exercise your option to extend the Term, you must provide 
us with written notice by the earlier of (i) 30 days following the opening of the Restaurant 
which causes you to achieve 80% of the openings required under the Development 
Schedule or (ii) the start of the second-to-last Development Period; 
(2) 
Within 15 days following our receipt of your notice, we will advise whether 
and on what basis, if any, we believe that you have failed to qualify for an extension; 
(3) 
By not later than the last day of the Term: 
a. 
You and we must agree on a new development 
schedule for the extended term; 
 
b. 
You and your owners must have executed a general 
release and non-disparagement agreement, in form satisfactory to 
us, of any and all claims against us and our affiliates, and our and 
their respective members, managers, officers, directors, employees 
and agents; and 
 
c. 
You must have paid a new Development Fee for the 
extended term, calculated as described in our then-current area 
development program. 
 
(4) 
All fees due under Franchise Agreements signed during the extended term 
will be as set forth in our area development program at the time of completion of the 
requirements for the extension as described above; and 
(5) 
The length of the extension term will depend on the number of Restaurants 
that you and we agree will be opened during the extension term, with one Restaurant being 
required to open each 6-month period unless you and we agree otherwise in writing. 
If you are not entitled to an extension of the Term or if you and we do not timely complete 
the requirements described in paragraph (3) above, the Term will expire as provided in Section 
1.B above.   
All of the foregoing provisions shall be applicable to each extended term and shall govern 
your right to each such extension. 
