 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of 
___________ (the “Effective Date”) by and between WE ARE CRACKIN’ LLC, an Oregon limited 
liability company with its principal business address at 363 High Street, Eugene, Oregon 97401 (“we”), 
and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
, whose principal business address is   
 
 
 
 
 (“you”). 
 
RECITALS 
 
A. 
We and our affiliates have developed (and may continue to develop and modify) a system 
for the operation of family restaurants featuring breakfast foods, other food products and beverages, and 
related products and services authorized by us from time to time known as Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  
Dinner® Restaurants, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas® Restaurants, and Egg N’ Joe® 
Restaurants (individually, a “Restaurant” and collectively, “Restaurants”).  The franchise concept under 
which you will operate your Restaurant is defined in Section 1.A as the “Designated Brand Concept.”  
Restaurants must be developed and operated using certain specified and distinct business formats, methods, 
procedures, designs, layouts, standards and specifications all of which we may improve, further develop, 
or modify from time to time (the “System Standards”). 
 
B. 
We and our affiliates use, promote, and license others to use and promote certain 
trademarks, service marks, and other commercial symbols in operating Restaurants, including the Elmer’s 
Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner®, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas®, and Egg N’ Joe® marks, and 
may create, use, and license other trademarks, service marks, and commercial symbols to identify 
Restaurants and the products and services they offer (collectively, the “Marks”).   
 
C. 
We grant to persons who we determine satisfactorily meet our qualifications, and who 
confirm their willingness to undertake the investment and effort, a franchise to own and operate a Restaurant 
offering the products and services we authorize and using our and our affiliates’ business formats, methods, 
procedures, signs, designs, layouts, standards, specifications, and Marks (the “Franchise System”). 
 
D. 
You have applied for a franchise to own and operate a Restaurant and have provided us 
with certain information in support of your application. We are willing to grant you the franchise on the 
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. 
 
AGREEMENT 
 
 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing Recitals (which are incorporated herein), the 
covenants contained herein, and other valuable consideration, receipt and sufficiency of which are 
acknowledged, you and we agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Grant of Franchise; No Exclusivity; Reservation of Rights. 
A. 
Grant of Franchise.  You have applied for a franchise to own and operate a Restaurant at 
the specific location which has been or will be approved by us pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement (the 
“Premises”) and identified on Exhibit A. If the Premises have not been approved when you sign this 
Agreement, you and we will revise Exhibit A to identify the Premises once approved. Subject to this 
Agreement’s terms, we grant you a franchise (the “Franchise”) to operate a Restaurant (your 
“Restaurant”) under the brand [  ] Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner®, [  ] Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  
