 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
2 
 
 
Brunch  Mimosas®, or [  ] Egg N’ Joe® (the “Designated Brand Concept”) solely at the Premises, and to 
use the Franchise System and the System Standards in its operation, for a term beginning on the Effective 
Date and expiring 15 years from that date, unless sooner terminated under Section 14 (the “Term”).   
You agree to, at all times, faithfully, honestly, and diligently perform your obligations under this 
Agreement and to use your best efforts to promote your Restaurant. You agree to use the Premises only for 
your Restaurant, and, once it opens for business, to continuously operate your Restaurant in accordance 
with this Agreement for the duration of this Agreement’s term. You agree not to conduct the business of 
your Restaurant at any location other than the Premises. You may not promote or sell any products or 
services, whether directly or indirectly, through or on the Internet, the World Wide Web, or any other 
similar proprietary or common carrier electronic delivery system. 
B. 
No Exclusivity and Reservation of Rights. We do not grant any, and you have no, 
exclusive rights or territorial protection around your Restaurant. We grant rights only by expressed 
provisions of written agreements and not by implication, inference or innuendo. Subject to rights granted 
to you or your affiliate under Section 1.C of this Agreement, we (and our affiliates) retain the right at all 
times during and after the Term to engage in any and all activities that we (and they) deem appropriate and 
that have not been expressly granted to you in this Agreement, wherever and whenever we (and they) desire, 
and whether or not such activities compete with your Restaurant, including the right, anywhere in the world, 
to do any of the following: 
(1) 
establish and operate, and allow others to establish and operate, Restaurants using 
the Marks and the Franchise System, at any location on such terms and conditions we deem 
appropriate; 
(2) 
establish, operate and license others to establish and operate, anywhere in the 
world other than the Premises, restaurants and other businesses (including Restaurants and 
businesses that offer products and services which are identical or similar to products and services 
offered by Restaurants) under any trade names, trademarks, service marks and commercial 
symbols, including the Marks; 
(3) 
establish, operate and allow others to establish and operate other businesses and 
distribution channels (including, the Internet and grocery stores), regardless of the nature or 
location of the customers with whom such other businesses and distribution channels do business, 
that operate under the Marks or any other trade names, trademarks, service marks or commercial 
symbols that are the same as or different from Restaurants, or that sell any of the specialized food 
and beverage products formulated and prepared by us or our affiliates for use in Restaurants, or any 
other products and/or services that are identical or similar to, and/or competitive with, those that 
Restaurants customarily sell; 
(4) 
acquire the assets or ownership interests of one or more businesses, including 
Competitive Businesses (defined below), and franchising, licensing or creating similar 
arrangements with respect to such businesses once acquired, wherever these businesses (or the 
franchisees or licensees of these businesses) are located or operating; and 
(5) 
be acquired (whether through acquisition of assets or ownership interests, 
regardless of the form of transaction), by any other business, including a Competitive Business, 
even if such business operates, franchises and/or licenses such businesses near your Restaurant. 
C. 
Right of First Refusal.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, 
if we should decide to own and operate a Restaurant under either Designated Brand Concept, whether 
