 
 
B-3 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
 
 
 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
 
 
 
Attention: Gerald Scott, President 
 
 
 
363 High Street 
Eugene, Oregon 97401 
 
9. 
Non-disturbance from Mortgage Lenders. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Lease to the 
contrary or in conflict, it shall be a condition of the Lease being subordinated to any mortgage, deed of 
trust, deed to secure debt or similar encumbrance on the Premises that the holder of such encumbrance 
agree not to disturb Tenant’s rights under this Lease or Tenant’s possession of the Premises, so long as 
Tenant is not in default of its obligations hereunder beyond an applicable grace or cure period provided 
herein (as may be extended from time to time pursuant to paragraph 6 immediately above). 
 
CHECK THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH THAT APPLIES. CHECK ONLY ONE.  IF NONE IS 
CHECKED, THEN CLAUSE a) BELOW WILL BE APPLICABLE, AND CLAUSE b) BELOW WILL 
BE DEEMED DELETED 
 
A) 
 
Landlord represents and warrants that on the date hereof no mortgage, deed of 
trust, deed to secure debt or similar encumbrance encumbers the Premises.   
B) 
 
A mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt currently encumbers the Premises.  
It is a condition precedent to Tenant’s obligations under this Lease that the holder of such encumbrance 
enter into a written subordination and non-disturbance agreement with Tenant, in form acceptable to 
Franchisor. 
 
10. 
Financing of Trade Fixtures by Franchisor and Security Interest.  Any security interest and/or 
Landlord’s lien in Tenant’s trade fixtures, ‘trade dress’, equipment and other personal property in the 
Premises is hereby subordinated to any security interest and pledge granted to Franchisor in such items.  
The parties acknowledge that there may be certain personal property in the Premises which are not owned 
by Tenant, which property shall not be subject to any lien of Landlord.  Upon request, Landlord shall grant 
the party who owns such property reasonable access to the Premises for the sole purpose of removing such 
property, provided such party repairs any damage caused by such removal and otherwise complies with 
Landlord’s reasonable requirements with respect to such access. 
 
11. 
Tenant Approvals.  Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, if Tenant is unable to 
obtain licenses, building permits, signage permits, variances, subdivision approvals, special use permits and 
other governmental approvals necessary to construct and operate an [Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner®] 
[Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas®] [Egg N’ Joe®] restaurant (all of the foregoing licenses, 
permits and approvals are hereinafter referred to as the “Tenant Approvals”) within 18 weeks after 
Landlord’s approval of Tenant’s Plans, Tenant may terminate this Lease by written notice to Landlord, 
effective as of the date of delivery of written notice to Landlord thereof and any remaining security deposit 
shall be returned to Tenant, and any rentals paid in advance shall be prorated accordingly.  
 
12. 
Beer, Wine and Liquor License.  Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, unless 
Franchisor has waived, in writing, Tenant’s obligation to serve alcoholic beverages in the restaurant, if a 
license for beer, wine and liquor sales at the Premises has not been unconditionally issued to Tenant within 
120 days after Landlord’s approval of Tenant’s Plans, Tenant may terminate this Lease by written notice to 
Landlord, effective as of the date of delivery of written notice to Landlord thereof and any remaining 
security deposit shall be returned to Tenant, and any rentals paid in advance shall be prorated accordingly.  
 
