 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
2 
 
 
Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas® trademark and related trademarks, service marks 
and trade names (“Elmer’s Kitchens”), and restaurants featuring breakfast and lunch food items, 
beverages and other products and services under the Egg N’ Joe® trademark and related 
trademarks, service marks and trade names (“Egg N’ Joe Restaurants”; together with Elmer’s 
Restaurants and Elmer’s Kitchens referred to as the “Restaurants”). 
While we have not previously operated Restaurants such as the ones being franchised in 
this Disclosure Document, we may do so in the future.  Other than as provided in this Disclosure 
Document, we do not engage in any other business activities or offer franchises for any other lines 
of business.    
The Franchises We Offer 
We may elect to grant you a franchise for a single Elmer’s Restaurant, Elmer’s Kitchen, or 
Egg N’ Joe Restaurant, but we will primarily offer the right to enter into an Area Development 
Agreement to acquire franchises for an agreed upon number of Restaurants within a specifically 
described geographic territory according to a development schedule (the “Area Development 
Agreement”).  The form of Area Development Agreement you will sign is attached as Exhibit B 
to this Disclosure Document.  Your obligation to acquire franchises may be satisfied by you or by 
an entity controlled by you or your owners that meets our then-applicable System Standards (as 
defined in Item 8) for franchise owners (an “Approved Affiliate”).   
To acquire a franchise, either you or an Approved Affiliate must enter into our then-current 
form of Franchise Agreement, which may differ from the form of franchise agreement attached to 
this Disclosure Document (the “Franchise Agreement”).  Our current form of Franchise Agreement 
is attached as Exhibit C to this Disclosure Document.  Each Restaurant that you or an Approved 
Affiliate develops and operates must be governed by a Franchise Agreement signed by you or the 
Approved Affiliate.  We may choose not to enter into a Franchise Agreement with single unit 
operators.   
If you are acquiring your franchise from an existing franchisee, in addition to signing a 
Franchise Agreement, you (and your owners) and the existing franchisee (and its owners) must 
also sign our then-current form of Consent to Transfer (the “Consent to Transfer”).  Our current 
form of Consent to Transfer is attached as Exhibit D to this Disclosure Document.   
Market Competition 
Your competition includes all restaurant concepts generally, and casual restaurants 
featuring breakfast food items.  You will be competing both for customers and for locations.  The 
market for food products and services Restaurants offer is highly competitive and quickly 
developing. 
Regulations 
You should consider that certain aspects of the restaurant business are heavily regulated by 
federal, state and local laws, rules and ordinances.  The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the 
U.S. Department of Agriculture, and various state and local departments of health and other 
agencies have laws and regulations concerning the preparation of food, display of nutrition facts, 
and sanitary conditions of restaurant facilities.  State and local agencies routinely conduct 
inspections for compliance with these requirements.  Certain provisions of these laws impose 
limits on emissions resulting from commercial food preparation.  Compensation of restaurant 
employees (including minimum wage and overtime requirements) is governed by both federal and 
state laws.  You will need to understand and comply with these laws in operating the Restaurant.  
