 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
30 
 
 
do not approve the transfer, the trustee or administrator of the transferor’s estate will have nine months after 
our refusal to consent to the transfer to the transferor’s spouse within which to transfer the transferor’s 
interests to another party whom we approve in accordance with this Section 12.C. 
D. 
Transfer to a Wholly-Owned Corporation or Limited Liability Company.   
Notwithstanding Section 12.C above, if you are in full compliance with this Agreement, you may transfer 
this Agreement to a corporation or limited liability company which conducts no business other than your 
Restaurant and, if applicable, other Restaurants, in which you maintain management control, and of which 
you own and control one hundred percent (100%) of the economic interests, equity and voting power of all 
issued and outstanding ownership interests, provided that all of the assets of your Restaurant are owned, 
and the business of your Restaurant is conducted, only by that single corporation or limited liability 
company.  Any such proposed transfer will be subject to the conditions described in Section 12.C, except 
that we will not require payment of a transfer fee as described in Section 12.C.8, and our right of first refusal 
under Section 12.G will not apply; provided, that you reimburse us for any direct costs we incur in 
connection with documenting and processing such transfer, including reasonable legal fees.  You (and your 
owners) agree to remain personally liable under this Agreement as if the transfer to the corporation or 
limited liability company did not occur. 
E. 
Effect of Consent to Transfer.   Our consent to a transfer of this Agreement and your 
Restaurant, or any interest in you or your owners, is not a representation of the fairness of the terms of any 
contract between you and the transferee, a guarantee of your Restaurant or transferee’s prospects of success, 
or a waiver of any claims we have against you (or your owners) or of our right to demand full compliance 
by you and the transferee with this Agreement. 
F. 
Public or Private Offering.   Written information used to raise or secure funds can reflect 
upon us and the Franchise System.  You agree to submit any written information intended to be used for 
that purpose to us before inclusion in any registration statement, prospectus or similar offering 
memorandum.  Should we object to any reference to us or our affiliates or any of our business in the offering 
literature or prospectus, the literature or prospectus shall not be used until our objections are withdrawn.  
You may not engage in a public offering of securities without our prior written consent.   
G. 
Our Right of First Refusal.  If you (or any of your owners) at any time determine to sell 
or transfer for consideration an interest in this Agreement and your Restaurant, or a direct or indirect 
ownership interest in you (except to or among your current owners, which is not subject to this Section 
12.G), in a transaction that would be allowed under Sections 12.B and 12.C above, you (or your owners) 
agree to obtain from a responsible and fully disclosed buyer, and send us, a true and complete copy of a 
bona fide, executed written offer (which may include a letter of intent) relating exclusively to an interest in 
you or in this Agreement and your Restaurant.  The offer must include details of the payment terms of the 
proposed sale and the sources and terms of any financing for the proposed purchase price.  To be a valid, 
bona fide offer, the proposed purchase price must be in a dollar amount, and the proposed buyer must 
submit with its offer an earnest money deposit equal to five percent (5%) or more of the offering price.  The 
right of first refusal process will not be triggered by a proposed transfer that would not be allowed under 
Sections 12.B and 12.C above.  We may require you (or your owners) to send us copies of any materials or 
information sent to the proposed buyer or transferee regarding the possible transaction. 
We may, by written notice delivered to you or your selling owner(s) within 30 days after we receive 
both an exact copy of the offer and all other information we request, elect to purchase the interest offered 
for the price and on the terms and conditions contained in the offer, provided that: 
(1) 
we may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed in the offer (such as 
ownership interests in a privately-held entity); 
