 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
3 
 
 
You must also obtain a liquor license to sell wine and beer, and you may have liability imposed 
on you by Dram Shop Laws. You must also obtain a lottery license to sell lottery tickets, if required 
by state law. There may be other laws applicable to your business.  We urge you to make further 
inquiries about these laws. 
Financial Requirements 
You must maintain, and prove to us that you have, sufficient working capital reserves, as 
we determine to be necessary and appropriate to comply with your obligations under each 
Franchise Agreement. We may periodically designate the maximum amount of debt that we will 
allow franchisees to service.  Further, under the Area Development Agreement, you must always 
maintain sufficient liquidity to meet your obligations under the Area Development Agreement.  
We reserve the right to review and revise these liquidity requirements from time to time, and you 
must comply with such minimum liquidity requirements that we reasonably impose. As of the date 
of this Disclosure Document, we have not established minimum levels of working capital reserves 
or minimum liquidity required. Rather, we evaluate a franchisee’s or developer’s net worth, overall 
business experience, and length of experience in our franchise system to determine whether they 
have sufficient working capital reserves or sufficient liquidity. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Gerald Scott: President and Manager 
Mr. Scott has served as our President since May 2020 and also as our Manager since our 
inception.  Mr. Scott has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of ERI since June 
2010.  Mr. Scott is based in Eugene, Oregon. 
Michael Chamberlin: Manager 
 
Mr. Chamberlin has served as our Manager since our inception.  Mr. Chamberlin has also 
served as Chief Financial Officer of ERI since March 2008.  Mr. Chamberlin is based in Eugene, 
Oregon. 
Jill Marie Ramos: Manager 
 
Ms. Ramos has served as our Manager since May 2018.  Ms. Ramos has also served as 
Vice President of ERI since February 2017, Director of Brand Support of ERI from April 2016 to 
February 2017, and Director of Restaurant Support of ERI from June 2010 to April 2016.  Ms. 
Ramos is based in Vancouver, Washington. 
Others with Management Responsibility: 
Shelly Matteson: Director of Franchise Operations and Operations Manager (ERI) 
 
Ms. Matteson has served as the Director of Franchise Operations and the Operations 
Manager for Egg n’ Joe Restaurants for ERI since June 2018.  Previously, Ms. Matteson served as 
Regional Manager of Southern Oregon Elmer’s, L.L.C. in Grants Pass, Oregon from January 2012 
through June 2018. Ms. Matteson is based in Vancouver, Washington. 
