 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
14 
 
 
11. 
This estimate includes the cost for payroll for management and staff training before the 
opening of your Restaurant (estimate of $30,000 to $70,000 for an Egg N’ Joe Restaurant or an 
Elmer’s Kitchen, and $45,000 to $112,500 for an Elmer’s Restaurant). Your costs will vary 
substantially based on the salary you pay your employees, which will be impacted by local market 
conditions and prevailing wage rates in your geographic area, how long before opening you hire 
your managers, and whether this is your first Restaurant or your second or subsequent Restaurant. 
Our estimate also includes your costs (including, travel and lodging) to send four individuals to 
attend our initial training program. Your costs will vary substantially based on the distance your 
attendees must travel to attend training and the type of accommodations you choose. Additionally, 
the estimate above includes an estimate of our costs, which you must reimburse, for sending a lead 
trainer and/or training team to your Restaurant to provide grand opening assistance. Currently, we 
estimate the cost of grand opening training to range from $0 (for your first and second Restaurant, 
because such training is provided free of additional charge) to $25,000 (which is the high-end of 
the estimate of $2,500 to $25,000 you will incur for your third or subsequent Restaurant, with the 
low end assuming we send only one trainer for ten days, whom lives locally and therefore has no 
lodging expenses and little to no travel expenses, and the high end assuming we send three trainers 
for ten days, whom do not live locally and therefore incur travel, lodging, meals and other 
expenses).  
12. 
Typical pre-opening expenses include pre-opening training menus, related pre-opening 
marketing and personnel ads. You must obtain state and local licenses, including business licenses, 
vending machine licenses, and games licenses (liquor licenses are addressed separately in Note 
14). You may have to post bonds in order to obtain certain governmental permits. 
13. 
You must, at your own expense, keep in force insurance policies for each Restaurant.  We 
reserve the right to change types and amounts of coverage.  This estimate is based on our current 
requirements. See Item 8 for a description of our current requirements. Your lease agreement may 
require higher insurance limits than those stated above.  You will likely have to prepay all or a 
portion of the first year’s premiums for insurance.  The estimate above assumes that you will 
prepay the annual insurance premiums for your first year of operations. 
14. 
The cost to obtain a liquor license varies greatly depending on the licensing authority 
involved and the local liquor license resale market, if any. Generally, liquor-licensing systems fall 
into two categories: (a) quota-based systems, and (b) non-quota-based systems. In quota-based 
systems, the total number of licenses available in a municipality, county or other defined territory 
is set according to the number of people within the territory. For example, state law may limit the 
total number of licenses available to one per every two thousand persons. Once the licensing 
authority has issued the total number of licenses according to the population, the licensing agency 
will not issue any additional new licenses until a new census is taken that shows an increase in 
population or until an existing permit expires or is revoked. Most often in quota-based systems, 
parties seeking licenses will not wait for the next census or wait for a license to expire. Instead, 
they will purchase a license from an existing licensee. In such situations, the cost of obtaining a 
license can be substantially greater than the cost of obtaining a license directly from the licensing 
authority. The new licensee will not only pay fixed license fees to the state, but it will also pay the 
purchase price to the transferor plus fees for attorney’s services and service providers. The 
licensing agency may or may not regulate the price. The price may simply be set by the market for 
licenses in a particular location, and that could inflate the price significantly. You should carefully 
review the system of liquor licensing in your state and review the expected range of costs, if your 
Restaurant is located in a quota state.  In state systems that are not quota-based, the cost of 
obtaining a state license is usually limited to the fee prescribed by statute or administrative 
