 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
10 
 
 
We may require you, your Managing Owner, and your Designated Managers to attend and complete 
to our satisfaction various training courses that we periodically choose to provide at the times and locations 
that we designate.  We will not require attendance for more than five full business days during each calendar 
year.  Besides attending these courses, your Managing Owner and Designated Managers agree to attend all 
of our conferences of all Restaurant franchise owners at a location we designate, or virtually, as we 
determine in our discretion. Attendance at the conferences will not be required for more than four days 
during any calendar year. We reserve the right to charge you our then current fee for each attendee (other 
than you (or your Managing Owner) and the general manager) at the annual meeting. You also must pay 
for your attendees’ costs to attend.  
If you have a new Designated Manager during this Agreement’s term, the new Designated Manager 
must complete to our satisfaction our then current initial training program.  We may charge reasonable fees 
for training new Designated Managers.  You also agree to pay all travel and living expenses, wages and 
insurance costs which any new Designated Manager incurs during all training courses and programs. 
You acknowledge and agree that any specific ongoing training or advice we provide does not create 
an obligation (whether by course of dealing or otherwise) to continue to provide such specific training or 
advice, all of which we may discontinue and modify from time to time. 
B. 
General Guidance.   We may, in our discretion, advise you from time to time regarding 
the operation of your Restaurant, including based on your reports or our inspections, with respect to: 
(1) 
standards, specifications, and operating procedures and methods that Restaurants 
use; 
(2) 
purchasing required and authorized Operating Assets and other products and 
services; 
(3) 
information technology that Restaurants use; 
(4) 
advertising and marketing materials and programs; and 
(5) 
employee training. 
We may also provide guidance via telephonic conversations or consultation at our offices.  If you 
request, and we agree to provide, additional or special guidance, assistance, or training, we may charge you 
our then applicable fee, including our personnels’ per diem charges and travel and living expenses. 
C. 
Operations Manual.   During the term of this Agreement we will provide you with access 
to our operations manual for the operation of Restaurants of your Designated Brand Concept (the 
“Operations Manual”), which may include one or more separate manuals as well as other written 
materials.  The Operations Manual contains mandatory System Standards that we periodically prescribe for 
developing and operating Restaurants, information on suggested procedures, and your other obligations 
under this Agreement.  We may modify the Operations Manual periodically to reflect changes in System 
Standards, including in the form of memoranda and newsletters.  You agree to keep your copy of the 
Operations Manual current and in a secure location at your Restaurant.  If there is a discrepancy between 
our copy of the Operations Manual and yours, our copy of the Operations Manual controls.  You agree that 
the Operations Manual’s contents are confidential, that you will keep it in a secure location which will not 
be accessible to persons who are not authorized to review it, and that you will not disclose the Operations 
Manual to any person other than your employees who need to know its contents.  You may not at any time 
copy, duplicate, record, or reproduce any part of the Operations Manual.  If your copy of the Operations 
