 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
25 
 
 
your Gross Sales each calendar quarter to advertise and promote your Restaurant. Within 30 
days after the end of each month, you must send to us, in the manner we prescribe, an 
accounting of your expenditures for local advertising and promotion during the preceding 
month. Your local advertising and promotion must follow our guidelines. 
We reserve the right, at any time, to issue you a notice that the amounts required to be 
spent by you toward local marketing shall, instead, be paid to us or our designee. If we exercise 
this option, we or our designee will spend such amounts, in accordance with local Restaurant 
marketing guidelines and programs that we develop from time to time, to advertise and 
promote the Restaurant on your behalf. We may, in our discretion, contribute any of these 
amounts to the Brand Promotion Fund. 
Your advertising, promotion, and marketing must be completely clear, factual, and not 
misleading and conform to both the highest standards of ethical advertising and marketing and 
the advertising and marketing policies that we prescribe from time to time. At least 14 days 
before you use them, you must send to us for approval samples of all advertising, promotional, 
and marketing materials which we have not prepared or previously approved. If you do not 
receive written disapproval within 10 days after we receive the materials, they are deemed to 
be disapproved. Once we approve the materials, you are permitted to use them. However, we 
may, in our discretion, withdraw our approval if a regulatory or other issue arises that, in our 
opinion, makes such withdrawal in our or the Franchise System’s best interest. You may not 
use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials that we have not approved or have 
disapproved. 
You may not engage in any promotional or similar activities, directly or indirectly, 
through or on the Internet, the World Wide Web, or any other similar proprietary or common 
carrier electronic delivery system unless approved by us. 
D. Grand Opening Advertising 
In addition to your other advertising obligations, you must spend at least $2,000 for a 
grand opening marketing program for your Restaurant to take place on the dates we designate 
before and after your Restaurant opens. You must spend this amount in addition to all other 
amounts you must spend on advertising specified above, and the amount you spend on grand 
opening advertising will not count towards your local marketing expenditure for such year. 
You must use the media and materials we develop or approve in connection with the grand 
opening advertising program.   
E. Franchise Advisory Council 
We do not have a franchisee advisory council that advises us on advertising policies, 
though we reserve the right to establish such a council in the future.   
Websites and other Online Presence 
 
We maintain corporate websites on the Internet, currently www.eatatelmers.com and 
www.eggnjoe.com, and intend to maintain such websites to promote the Franchise System, and to 
advertise the services and products marketed by us and our franchisees and/or franchise 
opportunities (each a “Franchise System Website”). We may, but are not obligated to, provide you 
with a webpage on the applicable Franchise System Website. If we provide you with a webpage, 
we may require that you: (i) provide us the information and materials we request to develop, 
update, and modify your webpage; (ii) notify us whenever any information on the Franchise 
System Website regarding your Restaurant is not accurate; and (iii) pay our then current initial fee 
