 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
18 
 
 
connection with such compliance efforts, you agree not to enter into any prohibited transactions and to 
properly perform any currency reporting and other activities relating to your Restaurant as may be required 
by us or by law.  You confirm that you, your owners, employees, agents, and representatives are not 
presently listed (nor has any such individual previously been listed) on the U.S. Treasury Department’s List 
of Specially Designated Nationals, the Annex to Executive Order 13224 (the Annex is currently available 
at http://www.treasury.gov), or in any other governmental list which prohibits us or you from dealing with 
such individuals, and agree not to hire any person so listed or have any dealing with a person so listed.  You 
are solely responsible for ascertaining what actions must be taken by you to comply with all such laws, 
orders or regulations, and specifically acknowledge and agree that your indemnification responsibilities as 
provided in Section 16.D pertain to your obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless any 
order issued by any federal, state or local authority requires closure of your Restaurant, you will not close 
your Restaurant unless you obtain our prior written consent. 
Your Restaurant must in all dealings with its customers, suppliers, us and the public adhere to the 
highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical conduct.  You agree to refrain from any 
business or advertising practice which might injure our business or the goodwill associated with the Marks 
or other Restaurants. You agree to comply with our Franchise System Website privacy policy, as it may be 
amended periodically; you further agree to comply with any requests to return or delete customer personal 
information, whether requested by us or directly by the customer, as required by applicable data sharing 
and privacy laws. You must notify us in writing within three business days of: (1) the commencement of 
any action, suit or proceeding against you or relating to your Restaurant, or any audit, investigation, or 
similar proceeding with respect to pending or threatened actions, suits or proceedings against you or relating 
to your Restaurant; (2) the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award or decree of any court, agency or 
other governmental instrumentality relating to your Restaurant; (3) any notice that you or your Restaurant 
may have violated any law, ordinance or regulation relating to your Restaurant; (4) receipt of any notice of 
complaint from the Better Business Bureau, any local, state or federal consumer affairs department or 
division, or any other government or independent third party involving a complaint from a client or potential 
client relating to your Restaurant; and (5) written complaints from any client or potential client.  You must 
immediately provide to us copies of any documentation you receive of events in (1) through (5) above and 
resolve the matter in a prompt and reasonable manner in accordance with good business practices. 
G. 
Insurance.   During the term of this Agreement you must maintain in force at your sole 
expense property insurance (including contents at replacement cost value and loss of business income 
inclusive of one years’ worth of net-operating income), crime insurance (including employee dishonesty), 
liquor liability, employment practice liability, cyber liability, food borne illness, auto liability coverage 
including owned, non-owned and hired vehicles, and reputation restoration insurance, all containing the 
minimum liability coverage we prescribe from time to time. You also must maintain workers’ compensation 
insurance for your employees in accordance with laws applicable in the state in which the Restaurant is 
operated.  We may periodically change the amounts of coverage required under these insurance policies or 
require different or additional insurance coverages (including reasonable excess liability insurance) at any 
time to reflect inflation, identification of new risks, changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage 
awards or other relevant changes in circumstances.  All insurance policies for liability coverage must name 
us and any affiliates we designate as additional insureds, using a form of endorsement that we have 
approved, and providing us with 30 days’ prior written notice of material changes to or cancellation or 
expiration of all policies. Your insurance policies must contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of the 
additional insureds and provide primary coverage with any insurance policies we and our affiliates maintain 
being non-contributory. You routinely must furnish us copies of your Certificate of Insurance or other 
evidence of your maintaining this insurance coverage and paying premiums.  If you fail or refuse to obtain 
and maintain the insurance we specify, in addition to our other remedies, we may (but need not) obtain such 
insurance for you and your Restaurant on your behalf, in which event you shall cooperate with us and 
