 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
26 
 
 
within five days after your receipt, copies of any default notices you receive from any of such 
lenders.  You agree that we or our affiliates may contact your banks, other lenders, and vendors 
to obtain information regarding the status of loans of the type described herein and your accounts 
(including payment histories and any defaults), and you hereby authorize your bank, other 
lenders, and vendors to provide such information to us and our affiliates. 
You agree to verify and sign each report and financial statement in the manner we prescribe.  We may 
disclose data derived from these reports.  Moreover, we may, as often as we deem appropriate (including 
on a daily basis), access the Computer System and retrieve all information relating to the operation of your 
Restaurant.  You agree to preserve and maintain all records in a secure location at your Restaurant for at 
least three years (including sales checks, purchase orders, invoices, payroll records, customer lists, check 
stubs, sales tax records and returns, cash receipts and disbursement journals, and general ledgers).  
 
Further, at our request, you will provide current financial information for your owners and 
guarantors sufficient to demonstrate such owners’ and guarantors’ ability to satisfy their financial 
obligations under their individual guaranties.   
11. 
INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS. 
A. 
Our Right to Inspect Your Restaurant.   To determine whether you and your Restaurant 
are complying with this Agreement and all System Standards, we and our designated agents or 
representatives, may at all times and without prior notice to you: 
(1) 
inspect your Restaurant; 
(2) 
photograph your Restaurant and observe and videotape the operation of your 
Restaurant for consecutive or intermittent periods we deem necessary; 
(3) 
remove samples of any products and supplies; 
(4) 
inspect your Computer System, including hardware, software, security, 
configurations, connectivity and data access, and other technology used in the operation of your 
Restaurant; 
(5) 
interview the personnel and customers of your Restaurant; and 
(6) 
inspect and copy any books, records, and documents relating to the operation of 
your Restaurant. 
You agree to cooperate with us fully.  If we exercise any of these rights, we will not interfere unreasonably 
with the operation of your Restaurant.  You agree to present to your customers the evaluation forms that 
we periodically prescribe and to participate and request your customers to participate in any surveys 
performed by or for us.  You agree to reimburse all of our costs (including supplier fees, travel expenses, 
room and board, and compensation of our employees) associated with any re-inspections or follow-up visits 
that we conduct after any inspection of your Restaurant identifies one or more failures of System Standards, 
and/or if any follow-up visit is necessary because we or our designated representatives were for any reason 
prevented from properly inspecting any or all of your Restaurant (including because you or your personnel 
refuse entry to the Premises). 
B. 
Our Right to Audit.   We and our designated agents or representatives may at any time 
during your business hours, and without prior notice to you, examine your Restaurant, bookkeeping, and 
