 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
15 
 
 
regulation, plus fees for attorney’s services and service providers. However, there may be 
additional costs imposed by a need to obtain a municipal and/or county liquor license, conditional 
use permit or other governmental approval. There are also federal tax permits required. 
15. 
Our estimates of the amounts needed to cover your expenses for the start-up phase (3 
months from the date the Restaurant opens for business) of your Restaurant include: replenishing 
your inventory, initial advertising and promotional expenditures, payroll for managers and other 
employees, uniforms, utilities, and other variable costs. These amounts do not include any 
estimates for debt service on loans that you obtain to finance your Restaurant. 
16. 
Your actual costs will depend on factors such as: geography, the availability of sites; your 
Restaurant size and location; construction costs; your discretionary expenditures; the availability 
of leasing or financing arrangements; your credit rating; and other factors. The estimated initial 
investment figures shown above for constructing and opening a Restaurant are based primarily on 
the costs incurred by our affiliates in opening Elmer’s Restaurants since 1960. Actual costs will 
vary depending on physical size and current condition of the premises. In addition, actual costs 
may substantially exceed these estimates in a major metropolitan market. To avoid excessive 
construction costs, we require that you pick contractors carefully by obtaining several competitive 
bids beforehand. These estimates do not include extensive exterior renovations. 
Neither we nor our affiliates offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial 
investment. The availability and terms of financing depend on the availability of financing 
generally, your creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions. The 
estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service obligation. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Standards and Specifications 
In order to maintain the quality and uniformity of all food products, menu items, 
ingredients, services, products, materials, forms, items, supplies, signs, promotional materials, 
fixtures, furnishings and equipment utilized in or by Restaurants including your POS system, we 
may periodically issue certain mandatory standards, specifications, operating procedures and rules 
for Restaurants (the “System Standards”). You must strictly comply with all System Standards. In 
constructing and operating the Restaurant, you must use only those types of food items, 
condiments, construction and decorative materials, fixtures, equipment, POS system, furniture, 
signs, uniforms and linens, smallwares, cleaning supplies, marketing materials, and other products 
and services (“Operating Assets”) that we have approved according to our System Standards for 
appearance, function and performance. We will not issue to you or to our approved suppliers 
(except as we deem necessary for purposes of production) the System Standards for proprietary 
Operating Assets. We will otherwise communicate our System Standards and the approved 
Operating Assets to you in the Operations Manuals (as defined in Item 11) and otherwise in 
writing. 
Approved or Designated Suppliers 
As part of our System Standards, we may require you to purchase all Operating Assets 
from vendors or suppliers approved by us in writing, or designated by us as the exclusive supplier 
of such Operating Asset. We require that you use one of our designated architects and a designated 
kitchen designer in connection with the development of the Restaurant. We also require that you 
