 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
21 
 
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND 
TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Our Pre-Opening Obligations 
Before you open the Restaurant, we or our affiliates will provide you the following 
assistance: 
1) 
Under the Franchise Agreement: 
a. Consultation on and approval of site (Franchise Agreement – Section 2.A) 
b. Review and approval of the lease (Franchise Agreement – Section 2.B) 
c. Up to 6 weeks of initial training for 4 persons, which need not be you but must 
include one general manager, one kitchen manager and one assistant manager 
if your brand concept is an Elmer’s Restaurant and one general manager, one 
kitchen manager and one supervisor if your brand concept is an Elmer’s Kitchen 
or an Egg N’ Joe Restaurant. (Franchise Agreement – Section 4.A) 
d. When your Restaurant is ready to open for business, we will send a trainer or 
training team (the identity and composition of which will be in our discretion) 
to your Restaurant to assist with the grand opening of your Restaurant. We will 
determine the amount of required time and support necessary to have you 
prepared for your grand opening. If this is the first or second Restaurant opened 
by you or your Affiliates, we will provide the trainer or team without any 
additional training fee and at our expense for up to a total of one week before 
your Restaurant opens and up to one week after your Restaurant opens; 
provided, however, that if this is the second Restaurant opened by you or your 
Affiliates we will provide more limited opening assistance. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, we reserve the right to charge you for extraordinary travel and 
living expenses incurred by such person(s) in connection with providing such 
opening assistance. In the event you need additional opening assistance 
(whether requested by you or mandated by us), or if this is not the first or second 
Restaurant opened by you or your Affiliates, you will pay all costs and expenses 
of such personnel, for as long as any such additional personnel assist at the 
Restaurant. The costs and expenses associated with this assistance include, but 
are not limited to, wages, salary, transportation, meals, lodging, and fringe 
benefits. (Franchise Agreement – Section 4.A) 
e. Electronic access to our Operations Manuals (Franchise Agreement – Section 
4.C) 
f. Specifications for all required equipment (including computer system), 
furniture, fixtures, and signs and lists of approved suppliers or vendors. We do 
not deliver or install these items. (Franchise Agreement – Sections 2.E, 4.B and 
8.E) 
2) 
Under the Area Development Agreement: 
a. Consultation on and approval of sites (Area Development Agreement – Section 
2.A) 
