 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
31 
 
 
Agreement; and (8) all other activities not expressly prohibited by the Area Development 
Agreement. “Competitive Business” means any restaurant, food service or other business (other 
than a Restaurant) (i) whose gross receipts from the sale of breakfast food or menu items represent, 
at any time, at least 10% of the business’ total gross receipts (excluding receipts from the sale of 
alcoholic beverages or lottery games), (ii) whose menu, concept, business model or method of 
operation is similar to that employed by restaurants operated, franchised or licensed by us or our 
affiliates, (iii) that offers or sells goods or services that are generally the same as or similar to the 
goods or services being offered by businesses owned, operated, franchised or licensed by us or our 
affiliates, or (iv) that grants franchises or licenses for the operation of any of the foregoing or 
provides services to the franchisor or licensor of any of the foregoing. 
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above inside or 
outside your Development Area. 
You are not granted under the Area Development Agreement any options, rights of first 
refusal or similar rights to acquire additional development rights or to expand your Development 
Area.  
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that we own or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands 
that we control.   
The Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate a Restaurant at a single location 
that you select and we approve. If you have not signed an Area Development Agreement, you and 
we will agree on the location prior to signing the Franchise Agreement. If you have signed an Area 
Development Agreement, the location will be one that you select and we approve within the 
Development Area. If you are submitting a site to us for our approval under an Area Development 
Agreement, we will approve the site based on our then-current criteria prior to the time you sign a 
Franchise Agreement for that location (see Item 11). You must operate the Restaurant only at the 
approved location and may not relocate the Restaurant without first obtaining our written consent. 
You may not establish or operate another Restaurant unless you enter into a separate Franchise 
Agreement for that Restaurant. 
You are allowed, subject to our approval, to promote your Restaurant anywhere and 
through any channel of distribution. But you may not sell products or services outside of your 
Restaurant (or through approved delivery programs), including through channels of distribution 
such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing, without our written 
consent.  
Under the Franchise Agreement, we retain the right to (1) establish and operate, and allow 
others to establish and operate, Restaurants using the Marks and the Franchise System, at any 
location on such terms and conditions we deem appropriate; (2) establish, operate and license 
others to establish and operate, anywhere in the world other than the Premises, restaurants and 
other businesses (including Restaurants and businesses that offer products and services which are 
identical or similar to products and services offered by Restaurants) under any trade names, 
trademarks, service marks and commercial symbols, including the Marks; (3) establish, operate 
and allow others to establish and operate other businesses and distribution channels (including, the 
Internet and grocery stores), regardless of the nature or location of the customers with whom such 
other businesses and distribution channels do business, that operate under the Marks or any other 
trade names, trademarks, service marks or commercial symbols that are the same as or different 
