 
 
 
10 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
5. 
EXCLUSIVE RELATIONSHIP DURING TERM.   
A. 
COVENANTS AGAINST COMPETITION.   
You acknowledge that we have granted you the Development Rights in consideration of 
and reliance upon your agreement to deal exclusively with us.  You therefore agree that, during 
the Term, neither you, your Affiliates nor any of your or their direct or indirect owners or the 
immediate family members of any of the foregoing will: 
(a) 
have any direct or indirect interest as an owner – whether of record or 
beneficially – in a Competitive Business (defined below), wherever located or operating, 
other than equity ownership of less than 5% of a Competitive Business whose stock or 
other forms of ownership interest are publicly traded on a recognized United States stock 
exchange; 
(b) 
perform services as a director, officer, manager, employee, lessor, 
consultant, representative, or agent for a Competitive Business, wherever located or 
operating; 
(c) 
divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business, sites or customers 
of your business associated with this Agreement to a Competitive Business; or  
(d) 
directly or indirectly, appropriate, use or duplicate the Franchise System or 
any portion thereof, in any business in which such person may have any interest of any 
kind (whether directly or indirectly) or in which such person is otherwise employed. 
The term “Competitive Business” means any restaurant, food service or other business 
(other than a Restaurant) (i) whose gross receipts from the sale of breakfast food or menu items 
represent, at any time, at least 10% of the business’ total gross receipts (excluding receipts from 
the sale of alcoholic beverages or lottery games), (ii) whose menu, concept, business model or 
method of operation is similar to that employed by restaurant units operated, franchised or licensed 
by us or our affiliates, (iii) that offers or sells goods or services that are generally the same as or 
similar to the goods or services being offered by businesses owned, operated, franchised or 
licensed by us or our affiliates, or (iv) that grants franchises or licenses for the operation of any of 
the foregoing or provides services to the franchisor or licensor of any of the foregoing.  
B. 
NON-INTERFERENCE.   
You further agree that, during the Term, neither you nor any of your owners, your or your 
owners’ Affiliates, or the officers, directors, managers or immediate family members of any of the 
foregoing, will: 
(a) 
interfere with the relationships we have from time to time with vendors, 
suppliers or consultants; or  
(b) 
engage in any other activity which might injure the goodwill of the Marks 
and/or the Franchise System. 
