 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
33 
 
 
Restaurants (modified as necessary to reflect the fact that it is for a successor franchise), which may contain 
provisions that differ materially from any and all of those contained in this Agreement.  You and your 
owners further agree to sign general releases, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us 
and our affiliates and our and their owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns.  
We will consider your or your owners’ failure to sign these agreements and releases and to deliver them to 
us for acceptance and execution (together with the successor franchise fee) within 30 days after their 
delivery to you to be an election not to acquire a successor franchise. 
14. 
TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. 
A. 
By You.   If you and your owners are fully complying with this Agreement and we 
materially fail to comply with this Agreement and do not correct the failure within 90 days after you deliver 
written notice of the material failure to us or if we cannot correct the failure within 90 days and we fail to 
give you within 90 days after your notice reasonable evidence of our effort to correct the failure within a 
reasonable time, you may terminate this Agreement effective an additional 90 days after you deliver to us 
written notice of termination.  Your termination of this Agreement other than according to this Section 
14.A. will be deemed a termination without cause and a breach of this Agreement. 
B. 
By Us.   We may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice of 
termination to you, if: 
(1) 
you (or any of your owners) have made or make any material misrepresentation or 
omission in acquiring the Franchise or operating your Restaurant; 
(2) 
you do not locate, and sign a Lease or purchase document for, an acceptable site 
for the Premises within 180 days after the Effective Date; 
(3) 
you do not open your Restaurant for business within the deadline set forth in 
Section 2.G; 
(4) 
we determine that an insufficient number of your Designated Managers are capable 
or qualified to complete initial training to our satisfaction; 
(5) 
you abandon or fail actively to operate your Restaurant for three or more 
consecutive days, unless you close your Restaurant for a purpose we approve; 
(6) 
you (or any of your owners) are or have been convicted by a trial court of, or plead 
or have pleaded no contest or guilty to, a felony; 
(7) 
you fail to maintain the insurance we require and do not correct the failure within 
10 days after we deliver written notice of that failure to you; 
(8) 
you (or any of your owners) engage in any conduct which, in our opinion, 
adversely affects the reputation of your Restaurant or the goodwill associated with the Marks; 
(9) 
you use the Marks in any way prohibited by Section 5.B, or otherwise misuse the 
Marks; 
(10) 
you (or any of your owners) make or attempt to make an unauthorized transfer (as 
described in Section 12.B); 
