 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
35 
 
 
(23) 
you (or any of your owners) fail to comply with any other provision of this 
Agreement or any System Standard, and do not correct the failure within 30 days after we deliver 
written notice of the failure to you;  
(24) 
you or an affiliate fails to comply with any other agreement with us or our affiliate 
and do not correct such failure within the applicable cure period, if any; or 
(25) 
you (or any of your owners) fail to pay any third-party, including the lessor of your 
Premises, any amounts owed in connection with your Restaurant when due, and do not cure such 
failure within any applicable cure period granted by such third-party. 
C. 
Interim Operations.   We have the right (but not the obligation), under the circumstances 
described below, to enter the Premises and operate the Restaurant on an interim basis (or to appoint a third 
party to do so) for any period of time we deem appropriate but not to exceed 90-day increments, renewable 
for up to one year, in the aggregate.  We will periodically discuss with you the results of operation of the 
Restaurant during the time that we operate it.   
We (or a third party) may elect to operate your Restaurant on an interim basis under the following 
circumstances:   
(1) 
if you abandon or fail to actively operate your Restaurant for three or more 
consecutive days, unless you close your Restaurant for a purpose we approve; or  
(2) 
if you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement or any System Standard 
and do not cure the failure within the time period we specify in our notice to you.  
If we (or a third party) assume interim operations of your Restaurant under subsection (1), above, 
we will collect the Gross Sales of your Restaurant in an account we designate, which may be your business 
account and/or the business account of us or one of our affiliates or designees. We will account for and 
deduct from such Gross Sales all operating expenses of your Restaurant, including: (a) any applicable 
Royalty, Brand Promotion Fund Contributions, and other amounts due to us or our affiliates, and (b) any 
and all of our and our affiliates’ and our designees’ costs and expenses arising from such interim operations, 
which you hereby agree that you will reimburse in full as an operating expense of your Restaurant. Any 
and all Gross Sales that exceed the expenses of your Restaurant during the period of interim operations, as 
we determine and calculate, will be retained by us in full and will become our property, as consideration 
for the interim operations that we are providing under this Section.  If the Gross Sales derived from 
operations of your Restaurant is less than the amount of the associated expenses during the time of any 
interim operations, you are solely directly responsible for the balance of all such expenses and costs, 
including reimbursement of our and our affiliates’ and designee’s costs and expenses, and payment of any 
Royalty, Brand Promotion Fund Contributions, and other amounts due to us or our affiliates. We may 
collect any amounts owed to us, our affiliates, or designees directly from any collected Gross Sales, and/or 
pay over such amounts to us to us, our affiliates, or designees in any manner we see fit.  
If we (or a third party) assume interim operations of your Restaurant under subsection (2), above, 
you agree to pay us (in addition to the Royalty, Brand Promotion Fund contributions, and other amounts 
due under this Agreement) an amount equal to four percent (4%) of Gross Sales, plus our (or the third 
party’s) direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses, for any period we deem appropriate.   
If we (or a third party) assume interim operations of your Restaurant, you must cooperate with us 
and our designees, continue to support the operations of the Restaurant, and comply with all of our 
instructions and System Standards, including making available any and all books, records, and accounts. 
