 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
22 
 
 
compensation, work hours and schedules, work assignments, safety and security, discipline, and 
supervision.  You agree to manage the employment functions of your Restaurant in compliance with federal, 
state, and local employment laws. 
9. 
MARKETING. 
A. 
Grand Opening Advertising.   You must spend at least $2,000 for a grand opening 
marketing program for your Restaurant to take place on the dates we designate before and after your 
Restaurant opens.  We reserve the right, in our discretion, to increase the required grand opening advertising 
required under this Section 9.A depending on factors such as whether your Restaurant is in an urban or 
rural market.  You must spend this amount in addition to all other amounts you must spend on advertising 
specified in this Franchise Agreement.  The amount you spend on grand opening advertising will not count 
towards your local marketing expenditure as described in Section 9.C, or the aggregate cap on annual 
contributions to any Brand Promotion Fund as described in Section 9.B.  You agree to use the media, 
materials, programs and strategies we develop or approve in connection with the grand opening advertising 
program.  
B. 
Brand Promotion Fund.   You agree to contribute to the brand promotion fund for 
Restaurants (the “Brand Promotion Fund”). Your contribution will be in amounts we specify from time 
to time, and will be payable in the same manner as the Royalty. Currently, the required Brand Promotion 
Fund contribution is one percent (1%) of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales. However, we have the right, at any 
time and on notice to you, to increase the amount you must contribute to the Brand Promotion Fund, 
provided that in no event will we be entitled to require that the aggregate amount of the required Brand 
Promotion Fund contribution and the local marketing requirement pursuant to Section 9.C below exceed 
three percent (3%) of Gross Sales.  
We or our affiliates or other designees will direct all programs that the Brand Promotion Fund 
finances, with sole control over the creative concepts, materials, and endorsements used and their 
geographic, market, and media placement and allocation.  The Brand Promotion Fund may pay for 
preparing and producing video, audio, and written materials and electronic, virtual, or digital media; 
implementing a gift certificate program, a loyalty program or other marketing programs designed to 
encourage the use of Restaurants; developing, implementing, and maintaining a Franchise System Website 
and related strategies; administering local, regional, and multi-regional marketing and advertising 
programs, including purchasing trade journal, direct mail, and other media advertising and using 
advertising, promotion, and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance; administering 
online advertising and marketing campaigns (including search engine, social media, email, and display ad 
campaigns); developing and administering software, apps, and related integrations; implementing a loyalty 
program or other marketing programs designed to encourage the use of Restaurants; and supporting public 
relations, market research, and other advertising, promotion, and marketing activities.  The Brand 
Promotion Fund will give you a sample of advertising, marketing, and promotional formats and materials 
at no cost.  We will sell you multiple copies of these materials at our direct cost of producing them, plus 
any related shipping, handling, and storage charges. 
The Brand Promotion Fund will not be our asset.  We will account for the Brand Promotion Fund 
separately from our other funds and will not use the Brand Promotion Fund for any of our general operating 
expenses.  However, we may use the Brand Promotion Fund to reimburse us or our affiliates or designees 
for the reasonable salaries and benefits of personnel who manage and administer the Brand Promotion Fund, 
the Brand Promotion Fund’s other administrative costs, travel expenses of personnel while they are on 
Brand Promotion Fund business, meeting costs, overhead relating to Brand Promotion Fund business, and 
other expenses that we incur in activities reasonably related to administering or directing the Brand 
Promotion Fund and its programs, including conducting market research, public relations, preparing 
