 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
13 
 
 
NOTES 
1. 
All fees payable to us or our affiliates are not refundable. Whether any of the other 
payments are refundable will depend on the arrangement between you and the supplier.   
2. 
Our current initial franchise fee is $40,000, payable when you sign a Franchise Agreement. 
For your 2nd and each subsequent Franchise Agreement signed pursuant to an Area Developer 
Agreement, $20,000 of the Development Fee will be credited towards the Initial Franchise Fee for 
each Franchise Agreement you sign, up to the amount of the Development Fee, in the aggregate. 
3. 
Our estimate for leasehold improvements does not include any tenant improvement 
allowance that may be granted by landlords towards leasehold improvements. Tenant 
improvement allowances are site specific and dependent upon several variables, including rent, 
occupancy levels and local market conditions, which are beyond our control. The cost for leasehold 
improvements can be impacted by a number of other factors, including size of the Restaurant.  
Other factors that might impact the cost of leasehold improvements are the condition of the 
Premises at the time you sign your Lease, and location of the Premises (leasehold improvements 
for Restaurants developed in urban areas tend to be more expensive). 
4. 
The equipment includes the computer system. This estimate also includes freight, 
installation, and applicable state and local taxes.   
5. 
The range for this item will be impacted by whether signage is permitted by the landlord 
and the municipality where the Restaurant is located. 
6. 
The cost of acquiring or leasing a location for your Restaurant will vary significantly 
depending upon the market in which the proposed site is located. A suitable building for an Elmer’s 
Restaurant will range in size from approximately 5,000 square feet to 5,500 square feet and will 
likely cost from $25 to $60 per square foot per year. The low end of the range for an Elmer’s 
Restaurant assumes you own the building and land on which your Elmer’s Restaurant is located 
and therefore will not be required to pay rent. A suitable building for an Egg N’ Joe Restaurant or 
an Elmer’s Kitchen will range in size from approximately 3,500 square feet to 4,000 square feet 
and will likely cost from $27 to $69 per square foot per year. Local market conditions, changes in 
the economy and inflation will all contribute to your real property costs. The location of the parcel 
of real property, its relationship to and the nature of any adjoining uses, and its accessibility will 
affect both its size and price. Lease agreements vary, but usually require the lessee to pay for 
maintenance, insurance, taxes and any other charges or expenses for the land and building and the 
operation of the Restaurant or they may require that you reimburse the landlord for its 
proportionate share of these payments (plus interest) made on your behalf. Some lease agreements 
will also require you to pay minimum monthly rent or percentage rent. You must get our approval 
of your proposed lease before signing it. 
7. 
The security deposit may be refundable under the terms of the lease. 
8. 
This covers the business cards, gift cards, travel menus, balloons, hours of operation signs, 
and other inventory items and supplies you will be required to purchase from the vendor we 
designate prior to opening your Restaurant. We will collect payment from you (without adding a 
markup) and pay it to the designated vendor. 
9. 
Due to differences in local laws, prices, suppliers, geography, and commercial practices, 
you may elect to carry a larger inventory. Local costs will greatly affect this investment.  
10. 
In addition to your contribution to the Brand Promotion Fund, you must spend a minimum 
of $2,000 on a grand opening advertising program that we have approved (see Item 11). 
