 
 
 
7 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
We will count a Restaurant toward the Development Schedule only if it actually is 
operating in the regular course within the Development Area and substantially complying with the 
terms of its Franchise Agreement as of the end of the Development Period.  However, a Restaurant 
which is, with our approval or because of fire or other casualty, permanently closed during the last 
90 days of a Development Period, after having been open and operating, will be counted toward 
the development obligations for the Development Period in which it closed, but not thereafter.   
D. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE.   
Time is of the essence with respect to your agreement to comply with your obligations 
under Section 2.C.  If you fail to comply with the Development Schedule as of the end of any 
Development Period, in addition to terminating this Agreement under Section 7 and asserting any 
other rights we have under this Agreement as a result of such failure, we may (but need not) elect 
to do either or both of the following: 
(1) 
terminate the territorial protection granted under Section 1.B; and 
(2) 
reduce the Development Area to a lesser area that we determine. 
E. 
RECORDS AND REPORTING.   
You agree to provide us with the following records and reports: 
(1) 
within 60 days after the Effective Date, you must prepare and give us, a 
business plan covering your projected revenues, costs and operations under this 
Agreement.  This business plan will include your detailed projections of costs for 
Restaurant development and detailed revenue projections for your activities under this 
Agreement and Restaurants.  Within 60 days after the start of each calendar year during 
the Term, you must update the business plan to cover both actual results for the previous 
year and projections for the then-current year.  You acknowledge and agree that, while we 
may review and provide comments on the business plan and any updates you submit to us, 
regardless of whether we approve, disapprove, require revisions or provide other comments 
with respect to the business plan or any updated business plan, we take no responsibility 
for and make no guarantees or representations, expressed or implied, with respect to your 
ability to meet the business plan or to achieve the results set forth therein.  You bear the 
entire responsibility for achievement of the business plan you develop; 
(2) 
within 7 days after the end of each month during the Term, you must send 
us a report of your business activities during that month, including information about your 
efforts to find sites for Restaurants in the Development Area and the status of development 
and projected openings for each Restaurant under development in the Development Area; 
(3) 
within 28 days after the end of each calendar quarter, you must provide us 
with a balance sheet and profit and loss statement for you and your Affiliates covering that 
quarter and the year-to-date; and  
(4) 
within 60 days after the end of each calendar year, you must provide us, for 
you and your Affiliates covering the previous year, with an annual profit and loss 
statement, a sources and use of funds statement and a balance sheet.  
