 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. K – State Pages 
1167.001.012/419825 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede this Agreement in your relationship with 
us, including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may 
also be court decisions which may supersede this Agreement in your relationship 
with us, including termination and renewal of your franchise. 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in 
Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of 
Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or 
mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration 
or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by this Agreement, you may 
bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of 
franchises, or a violation of the Act, in Washington. 
A release or waiver of rights executed by you shall not include rights under 
the Act or any rule or order thereunder, except when executed pursuant to a 
negotiated settlement after this Agreement is in effect and where the parties are 
represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably 
restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights 
or remedies under the Act, such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect our reasonable 
estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless 
the employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, 
exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). 
In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the 
independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when 
annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for 
inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in this Agreement or elsewhere that 
conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or 
prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee 
of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As 
a result, any such provisions contained in this Agreement or elsewhere are void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
This Agreement does not waive any liability we may have under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the rules 
adopted thereunder. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
