 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
19 
 
 
reimburse us for all premiums, costs and expenses we incur in obtaining and maintaining the insurance, 
plus a reasonable fee for our time incurred in obtaining such insurance. 
 
Our requirements for minimum insurance coverage are not representations or warranties of any 
kind that such coverage is sufficient for your Restaurant’s operations.  Such requirements represent only 
the minimum coverage that we deem acceptable to protect our interests.  It is your sole responsibility to 
obtain insurance coverage for your Restaurant that you deem appropriate, based on your own independent 
investigation.  We are not responsible if you sustain losses that exceed your insurance coverage under any 
circumstances. 
 
Your obligation to maintain insurance coverage will not be limited in any respect by reason of 
insurance maintained by us or any other party.  Additionally, no insurance coverage that you or any other 
party maintains will be deemed a substitute for your indemnification obligations to us or affiliates under 
Section 16.D.    
 
H. 
Pricing.   Unless prohibited by applicable law, we may periodically set a maximum or 
minimum price that you may charge for products and services offered by Restaurants.  If we impose such 
a maximum or minimum price for any product or service, you may charge any price for the product or 
service up to and including our designated maximum price or down to and including our designated 
minimum price.  The designated maximum and minimum prices for the same product or service may, at 
our option, be the same.  For any product or service for which we do not impose a maximum or minimum 
price, we may require you to comply with an advertising policy adopted by us which will prohibit you from 
advertising any price for a product or service that is different than our suggested retail price.  Although you 
must comply with any advertising policy we adopt, you will not be prohibited from selling any product or 
service at a price above or below the suggested retail price unless we impose a maximum price of minimum 
price for such product or service.   
I. 
Restaurant Telephone Numbers and Listings.   You will keep all telephone numbers for 
the Restaurant separate from telephone numbers you use in any other business operations and from your 
personal telephone numbers. You will use the telephone numbers for the Restaurant only for business 
authorized by this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that, as between us and you, we have the sole 
rights to, and interest in, all telephone numbers, facsimile numbers, classified and online directory listings 
and any other type of contact information which you use in the operation or promotion of the Restaurant or 
that is associated with the Restaurant (“Contact Identifiers”) and Online Presences. Upon the expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, you agree to transfer, assign, or otherwise convey to us full control of all 
Contact Identifiers and Online Presences that you used to operate your Restaurant or that displays any of 
the Marks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that all liabilities and obligations arising from any 
such Contact Information or Online Presence prior to the date of the transfer, assignment or conveyance to 
us will remain your sole responsibility in all respects, and any costs we incur in connection therewith will 
be indemnifiable under Section 16.D. You hereby irrevocably appoint us, with full power of substitution, 
as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to execute such 
directions and authorizations as may be necessary or prudent to accomplish the foregoing.   
J. 
Compliance with System Standards.   You acknowledge and agree that operating and 
maintaining your Restaurant according to System Standards are essential to preserve the goodwill of the 
Marks and the goodwill of all Restaurants.  Therefore, compliance with all System Standards is mandatory, 
and you agree at all times to operate and maintain your Restaurant according to each and every System 
Standard, as we periodically modify and supplement them.  Though we retain the right to establish and 
periodically modify System Standards which you have agreed to maintain in the operation of your 
Restaurant, you retain the right and sole responsibility for the day-to-day management and operation of 
your Restaurant and the implementation and maintenance of System Standards at your Restaurant.  System 
