 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
45 
 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
AGREEMENT 
SUMMARY 
n. Franchisor’s right 
of first refusal to 
acquire franchisee’s 
Franchised Business 
Section 12.G in Franchise 
Agreement  
 
AND 
 
Section 6.B in Area 
Development Agreement 
Franchisee must obtain from buyer, and send to Franchisor, a true 
and complete copy of an executed written offer, which must include 
details of payment terms and sources of financing.  Franchisor may, 
within 30 days and by written notice after receiving the offer, elect 
to purchase based on those terms. 
o. Franchisor’s option 
to purchase franchisee’s 
business 
Section 15.E in Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Not applicable in Area 
Development Agreement 
Franchisor has right to purchase Franchisee’s Restaurant upon the 
occurrence of a Termination Event for fair market value. 
 
Not applicable in Area Development Agreement. 
p. Death or disability Section 12.C in Franchise 
Agreement 
 
AND 
 
Section 6.A in Area 
Development Agreement 
Franchisor’s approval of transfer as a result of death or incapacity 
will not be unreasonably withheld as long as at least one of the 
Managing Owners continues to by the designated Managing 
Owner.  If, as a result of the death or incapacity of the transferor, a 
transfer is proposed to be made to the transferor’s spouse, and if we 
do not approve the transfer, the trustee or administrator of the 
transferor’s estate will have 9 months after our refusal to consent to 
the transfer to the transferor’s spouse within which to transfer the 
transferor’s interests to another party whom we approve. 
q. Non-competition 
covenants during the 
term of the franchise 
Section 7.A in Franchise 
Agreement 
AND  
Section 5.A in Area 
Development Agreement 
Franchisee may not have any involvement in a Competitive 
Business, perform services for a Competitive Business, divert 
potential business from a Competitive Business or duplicate the 
Franchisor’s System Standards or Franchise System (subject to 
applicable state law). 
r. Non-competition 
covenants after the 
franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Section 15.D in Franchise 
Agreement 
 
 
Section 7.C in Area 
Development Agreement 
For 2 years, Franchisee may not have involvement with any 
Competitive Business within a 5-mile radius of the Premises and 
within a 5-mile radius of any other Restaurant (subject to applicable 
state law). 
 
For 2 years, Franchisee may not have involvement in a Competitive 
Business within the Development Area and within a 5-mile radius 
of any Restaurant (subject to applicable state law). 
s. Modification of the 
agreement 
Section 17.L in Franchise 
Agreement 
AND 
Section 10.K in Area 
Development Agreement 
May not be amended or modified except in a writing signed by 
parties. 
t. 
Integration/ merger 
clause 
Section 17.L in Franchise 
Agreement 
AND 
Section 10.K in Area 
Development Agreement 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and/or Area 
Development Agreement, including their exhibits, schedules and 
attachments (including System Standards in the Operations Manual, 
which we may periodically revise) are binding (subject to 
applicable state law). Any representations or promises outside of 
this Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement and/or Area 
Development Agreement may not be enforceable. 
