 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
27 
 
 
You must also maintain a functioning e-mail address and all specified points of high-speed 
Internet connection. You must make Wi-Fi available to your guests, free of charge to them. We 
may issue email addresses to you for use in connection with your Restaurant (currently, we will 
issue you one email address). 
You must upgrade your hardware and software when we decide it to be necessary and at 
your own cost.  We reserve our right to update System Standards, which includes computer 
hardware and software from time to time and there are no contractual limitations on these rights. 
Operations Manuals 
We provide information about our System Standards and other guidance through manuals 
and bulletins, including the operations manuals (the “Operations Manuals”), which may include 
one or more separate manuals as well as other written materials. The current Operations Manual 
for Elmer’s Restaurants is comprised of 178 pages and the current Operations Manual for Egg N’ 
Joe Restaurants and Elmer’s Kitchens is comprised of 176 pages. The table of contents to the 
current Operations Manual for each brand is attached as Exhibit H. 
Training Program 
The initial training program involves approximately 6 weeks of training for general 
managers, kitchen managers, assistant managers and supervisors. Training will be conducted at 
our principal offices and at a designated training facility of our choice, or we may provide portions 
of training virtually. We may change the location of the initial training program to another location 
we designate. We may lengthen, shorten or restructure the contents of this program. The on-site 
training at your Restaurant will not commence until all improvements have been completed, a 
certificate of occupancy has been issued, and the required liquor license has been applied for. We 
offer the training program on an as needed basis throughout the year.  
No later than 30 days before you open your Restaurant, your Designated Managers must 
complete, to our satisfaction, initial training conducted by us on the material aspects of operating 
a Restaurant. Your “Designated Managers” shall include four people you have designated to 
assume primary responsibility for the supervision of your Restaurant, which need not be you (or 
your Managing Owner). If your designated brand concept is Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner, 
your Designated Managers must include one general manager, one kitchen manager and one 
assistant manager; if your designated brand concept is Elmer’s Kitchen or Egg N’ Joe, your 
Designated Managers must include one general manager, one kitchen manager and one supervisor. 
If we determine that the Designated Managers cannot complete initial training to our satisfaction, 
we may terminate this Agreement. 
Training materials include management training program materials, team member training 
materials, online training modules, and the Operations Manuals. All Designated Managers must 
complete the program to our satisfaction. We will schedule the program based on the Designated 
Managers’ availability, availability of space in the program, training restaurant availability and the 
projected opening date for your Restaurant.  
Although we provide initial training for no additional fee for your Designated Managers, 
you must pay for all travel and living expenses which all Designated Managers or other attendees 
of the training program incur and for your employee's wages and workers' compensation insurance 
while attending training. 
The initial training program is designed to cover all phases of the operation of Elmer’s 
Restaurants, Elmer’s Restaurants, or Egg N’ Joe Restaurants. Any individual attending the training 
