 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
5 
 
 
Development Agreement, other than your first Franchise Agreement, we credit the balance of the 
Development Fee, in $20,000 increments, toward the initial franchise fee that is due as Franchise 
Agreements are signed. We will fully earn the Development Fee when you pay it, and you must 
pay us the fee in one lump sum. This fee is uniform and non-refundable. 
Initial Franchise Fee 
You will pay us an initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement of $40,000. 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement, you will sign the first Franchise Agreement and pay 
the $40,000 initial franchise fee for that Franchise Agreement to us at the same time you sign the 
Area Development Agreement. You will pay the initial franchise fee for each subsequent franchise 
you acquire under an Area Development Agreement when you sign the applicable Franchise 
Agreement. For each Franchise Agreement you must sign under the Area Development 
Agreement, other than your first Franchise Agreement, we credit the balance of the Development 
Fee, in $20,000 increments, toward the initial franchise fee that is due as Franchise Agreements 
are signed. We will fully earn the initial franchise fee due under each Franchise Agreement when 
you pay it, and you must pay us the initial franchise fee in one lump sum. These fees are non-
refundable. If you are executing a Franchise Agreement for an existing Restaurant that you are 
buying from another franchisee, we will not charge an initial franchise fee provided that you or 
the seller of the Restaurant pay the transfer fee required under the seller’s franchise agreement. 
Inventory and Supplies 
You will be required to purchase certain inventory items, including business cards, gift 
cards, travel menus, balloons, and hours of operation signs, from the vendor we designate prior to 
opening your Restaurant. Payment for these items will be due in a lump sum when the order is 
placed. We or our affiliate will collect the amount due for such inventory items and supplies from 
you and pay such amount to the vendor. Depending on the amount of inventory and supplies you 
purchase, we expect that you will pay between $1,500 and $2,500 for required inventory and 
supplies prior to opening your Restaurant. This payment is uniform and not refundable under any 
circumstances.  
Lease Addendum Review Fee 
It is your responsibility to obtain a fully executed lease addendum in connection with 
executing the lease for the Restaurant. Our current form of lease addendum is attached as Exhibit 
B to the Franchise Agreement. Our approval of the lease is subject to our receipt of the lease 
addendum without modification or negotiation, signed by you and the landlord. If you or the 
landlord request that we consider any modifications to the lease addendum, and we agree to do so, 
we may also require you to reimburse us all expenses that we incur (including attorneys’ fees) in 
connection with the review. We estimate this review may cost up to $2,000, depending on the 
extent of the changes to the lease addendum requested. This reimbursement is not refundable under 
any circumstances. 
