 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
41 
 
 
indemnity will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s 
expiration or termination.  An Indemnified Party need not seek recovery from any insurer or other third 
party, or otherwise mitigate its losses and expenses, in order to maintain and recover fully a claim against 
you under this subparagraph.  You agree that a failure to pursue a recovery or mitigate a loss will not reduce 
or alter the amounts that an Indemnified Party may recover from you under this subparagraph. The 
obligations of this Section 16.D shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
17. 
ENFORCEMENT. 
A. 
Security Interest.   As security for the performance of your obligations under this 
Agreement, including payments owed to us for purchase by you, you hereby collaterally assign to us the 
Lease and grant us a security interest in all of the Operating Assets and all other assets of your Restaurant, 
including but not limited to inventory, accounts, supplies, contracts, cash derived from the operation of 
your Restaurant and sale of other assets, and proceeds and products of all those assets.  You agree to execute 
such other documents as we may reasonably request in order to further document, perfect and record our 
security interest.  If you default in any of your obligations under this Agreement, we may exercise all rights 
of a secured creditor granted to us by law, in addition to our other rights under this Agreement and at law.  
If a third party lender requires that we subordinate our security interest in the assets of your Restaurant as 
a condition to lending you working capital for the construction or operation of your Restaurant, we will 
agree to subordinate pursuant to terms and conditions determined by us.  This Agreement shall be deemed 
to be a Security Agreement and Financing Statement and may be filed for record as such in the records of 
any county and state that we deem appropriate to protect our interests.   
B. 
Severability and Substitution of Valid Provisions.   Except as expressly provided to the 
contrary in this Agreement, each section, paragraph, term, and provision of this Agreement is severable, 
and if, for any reason, any part is held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict with any applicable present 
or future law or regulation in a final, unappealable ruling issued by any court, agency, or tribunal with 
competent jurisdiction, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or otherwise affect, any other portions 
of this Agreement, which will continue to have full force and effect and bind the parties. 
If any covenant which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope 
in terms of area, business activity prohibited, or length of time, but would be enforceable if modified, you 
and we agree that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public 
policies applied in the jurisdiction whose law determines the covenant’s validity. 
If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires more notice than this 
Agreement requires of this Agreement’s termination or of our refusal to enter into a successor franchise 
agreement, or some other action that this Agreement does not require, or if, under any applicable and 
binding law or rule of any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any System Standard is invalid, 
unenforceable, or unlawful, the notice or other action required by the law or rule will be substituted for the 
comparable provisions of this Agreement, and we may modify the invalid or unenforceable provision or 
System Standard to the extent required to be valid and enforceable or delete the unlawful provision in its 
entirety.  You agree to be bound by any promise or covenant imposing the maximum duty the law permits 
which is subsumed within any provision of this Agreement, as though it were separately articulated in and 
made a part of this Agreement. 
C. 
Waiver of Obligations.   We and you may by written instrument unilaterally waive or 
reduce any obligation of or restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery of 
written notice to the other or another effective date stated in the notice of waiver.  Any waiver granted will 
be without prejudice to any other rights we or you have, will be subject to continuing review, and may be 
revoked at any time and for any reason effective upon delivery of 10 days’ prior written notice. 
