 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
40 
 
 
Damages and that nothing herein shall preclude us or limit us from proving and recovering any other 
damages caused by your breach of the Agreement. 
G. 
Continuing Obligations.   All of our and your (and your owners’) obligations which 
expressly or by their nature survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination will continue in full force 
and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding its expiration or termination and until they are satisfied in full 
or by their nature expire.  
16. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION. 
A. 
Independent Contractors.   You and we acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does 
not create a fiduciary relationship between you and us, that you and we are and will be independent 
contractors, and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to make either you or us a general or special 
agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee of the other for any purpose.  You agree to identify yourself 
conspicuously in all dealings with customers, suppliers, public officials, your personnel, and others as the 
owner of your Restaurant under a franchise we have granted and to place notices of independent ownership 
on the forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, and other materials we require from time to time. 
You also acknowledge that you will have a contractual relationship only with us and may look only 
to us to perform under this Agreement.   
B. 
No Liability To Or for Acts of Other Party.   We and you may not make any express or 
implied agreements, warranties, guarantees, or representations, or incur any debt, in the name or on behalf 
of the other or represent that our respective relationship is other than franchisor and franchise owner.  We 
will not be obligated for any damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the 
operation of your Restaurant or the business you conduct under this Agreement.  We will have no liability 
for your obligations to pay any third parties, including any product vendors. 
C. 
Taxes.   We will have no liability for any sales, use, service, occupation, excise, gross 
receipts, income, property, or other taxes, whether levied upon you or your Restaurant, due to the business 
you conduct (except for our income taxes).  You are responsible for paying these taxes promptly and must 
reimburse us for any such taxes that we must pay to any state taxing authority on account of your operation 
or payments that you make to us.  
D. 
Indemnification.   You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our parents, 
subsidiaries and affiliates, and our and their respective owners, shareholders, directors, managers, officers, 
employees, agents, successors, and assignees (the “Indemnified Parties”) against, and to reimburse any 
one or more of the Indemnified Parties for, all claims, obligations, and damages directly or indirectly arising 
out of: (i) the development or operation of your Restaurant, (ii) the business you conduct under this 
Agreement, (iii) your breach of this Agreement, and/or (iv) your employment practices or that are instituted 
by your employees, including those alleged to be caused by the Indemnified Party’s negligence, unless (and 
then only to the extent that) the claims, obligations, or damages are determined to be caused solely by the 
Indemnified Party’s intentional misconduct in a final, unappealable ruling issued by a court with competent 
jurisdiction.  For purposes of this indemnification, “claims” include all obligations, damages (actual, 
consequential, or otherwise), and costs that any Indemnified Party reasonably incurs in defending any claim 
against it, including reasonable accountants’, arbitrators’, attorneys’, and expert witness fees, costs of 
investigation and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, and other expenses of litigation or 
alternative dispute resolution, regardless of whether litigation or alternative dispute resolution is 
commenced.  Each Indemnified Party may, it its discretion and at your expense, control the defense of any 
claim against it (including choosing and retaining its own legal counsel), agree to settlements of claims 
against it, and take any other remedial, corrective, or other actions in response to such claims. This 
