 
 
 
22 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
(c) 
three business days after placement in the United States Mail by Registered 
or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid; 
and must be addressed to the party to be notified at its most current principal business address of 
which the notifying party has notice.  Any required payment or report which we do not actually 
receive during regular business hours on the date due (or postmarked by postal authorities at least 
two days before then) will be deemed delinquent. If any one of the said parties is comprised of 
more than one person or Entity, any notice, consent, approval, statement, document or other 
communication may be given by or to any one thereof, and it will have the same force and effect 
as if given by or to all thereof.   
D. 
HEADINGS.   
Headings preceding the text, sections and subsections hereof have been inserted solely for 
convenience of reference and will not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect of 
this Agreement. 
E. 
APPLICABLE LAW.   
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted under the laws of the State of Oregon, 
except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 
Section 1051 et seq.), or other United States federal law, without regard to its conflicts of laws 
rules, except that any state law regulating the offer or sale of franchises or governing the 
relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements 
are met independently without reference to this Section.  
F. 
TIME OF ESSENCE.   
Time is of the essence of this Agreement and of each and every part hereof. 
G. 
WAIVER.   
The waiver by either you or us, of a breach of any term or condition contained in this 
Agreement will not be deemed to be a waiver of such term or condition or any subsequent breach 
of the same or any other term or condition herein contained unless such waiver is expressly set 
forth in writing.  Our failure to exercise any right of ours to demand your exact compliance, nor 
any custom of practice of you and us at variance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
will constitute a waiver of our right to demand exact compliance with the terms and conditions 
hereof.  Our subsequent acceptance of any amount payable hereunder, will not be deemed to be a 
waiver of any preceding breach of any term or condition of this Agreement, other than the failure 
to pay the particular amount so accepted, regardless of our knowledge of such preceding breach at 
the time of acceptance of such amount. 
The following provision applies if you or the franchise granted hereby are subject to the 
franchise registration or disclosure laws in California, Illinois, Washington, or Wisconsin: No 
statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
