 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
36 
 
 
have otherwise complied with the Franchise Agreement and only if you have given us the 
opportunity to defend the claim. If we defend the claim, we have no obligation to indemnify or 
reimburse you for any fees or disbursements to any attorney retained by you. 
If it becomes advisable, in our opinion, at any time for us to require you to modify or 
discontinue use of any Mark, or to use one or more additional or substitute trademarks or service 
marks, you must comply, at your costs, within a reasonable time after notice by us. 
We do not know of any superior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your 
use of the Marks in this state or in any state where the Restaurant is to be located. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
PATENTS 
We do not own any patents that are material to the franchise. We have not filed any patent 
applications that are material to the franchise.  
COPYRIGHTS 
The following table sets forth the status of registrations with the U.S. Copyright Office for 
federal registration of our or our affiliates’ copyrighted materials.  
Copyrighted Material 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
Copyright 
Owner 
2024 Elmer’s Menu 
TX 9-383-441 
April 11, 2024 
WOB 
2024 Egg N’ Joe Menu 
TX 9-383-439 
April 11, 2024 
WOB 
2024 Elmer’s Kitchen Menu 
TX 9-382-495 
April 11, 2024 
WOB 
The above copyrights are of perpetual duration. WOB has granted us a license to use and 
sublicense the use of these copyrights under the License Agreement.  
We or our affiliates also claim copyright protection for the Operations Manuals and for any 
other written materials we develop to assist you in the development and operation of the 
Restaurant. There are no determinations of the U.S. Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or any 
court, nor are there any pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings or material 
litigation, involving the copyrighted materials which are relevant to their use by our franchisees. 
No agreements limit our right to use or license the use of our copyrighted materials. We are not 
obligated under any agreement to protect or defend our copyrights, although we intend to do so. 
We do not know of any infringing uses of or superior rights in our copyrighted materials. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
We possess, develop and may continue to develop certain proprietary and confidential 
information, including trade secrets relating to the operation of Restaurants. This proprietary and 
confidential information includes: (1) site selection criteria; (2) training and operations materials 
and manuals, including recipes and the Operations Manuals; (3) the System Standards and other 
methods, formats, specifications, standards, systems, procedures, techniques, sales and marketing 
techniques, knowledge, and experience used in developing, promoting and operating Restaurants; 
(4) market research, promotional, marketing and advertising programs for Restaurants; (5) 
knowledge of specifications for, and suppliers of, Operating Assets and other products and 
supplies; (6) any computer software or similar technology which is proprietary to us, our affiliates, 
or the Franchise System, including digital passwords and identifications and any source code of, 
