 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
45 
 
 
L. 
Binding Effect.   This Agreement is binding upon us and you and our and your respective 
executors, administrators, heirs, beneficiaries, permitted assigns, and successors in interest.  Subject to our 
right to modify the Operations Manual and System Standards, this Agreement may not be modified except 
by a written agreement signed by our and your duly-authorized officers. 
M. 
Limitations of Claims; No Implied Covenant.   You and your owners agree not to bring 
any claim asserting that any of the Marks are generic or otherwise invalid.  Except with regard to your 
obligation to pay us and our affiliates Royalty payments, the Brand Promotion Fund contributions and other 
advertising fees, and other payments due from you pursuant to this Agreement, any claims between the 
parties must be commenced in accordance with this Agreement within one year from the date on which the 
party asserting the claim knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to the claim, or such claim 
shall be barred.  The parties acknowledge that such time limit might be shorter than otherwise allowed by 
law.  You and your owners agree that your and their sole recourse for claims arising between the parties 
shall be against us or our successors and assigns.  You and your owners agree that our and our affiliates’ 
members, managers, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents shall not be 
personally liable nor named as a party in any action between us or our affiliates and you or your owners.   
No previous course of dealing shall be admissible to explain, modify, or contradict the terms of this 
Agreement.  No implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing shall be used to alter the express terms of 
this Agreement. 
N. 
Agreement Effectiveness.   This Agreement shall not be effective until accepted by us as 
evidenced by dating and signing by an officer or other duly authorized representative of ours.  
Notwithstanding that this Agreement shall not be effective until signed by us, we reserve the right to make 
the effective date of this Agreement the date on which you signed the Agreement. 
O. 
Construction.   The recitals and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which, together with 
the System Standards (which may be periodically modified, as provided in Sections 4.C, 8.J, and 17.L 
above), constitutes our and your entire agreement, and there are no other oral or written understandings or 
agreements between us and you, or oral or written representations by us, relating to the subject matter of 
this Agreement, the franchise relationship, or your Restaurant (any understandings or agreements reached, 
or any representations made, before this Agreement are superseded by this Agreement).  Nothing in this or 
in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations we made in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document that we furnished to you.  Any policies that we adopt and implement from time to 
time to guide us in our decision-making are subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement, and are not 
binding on us.  Except as provided in Section 16.D., nothing in this Agreement is intended or deemed to 
confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this Agreement. 
You agree that whenever this Agreement allows or requires us to take actions or make decisions, 
we may do so in our sole and unfettered discretion, even if you believe our action or decision is 
unreasonable, unless the Agreement expressly and specifically requires that we act reasonably or refrain 
from acting unreasonably in connection with the particular action or decision.  The headings of the sections 
and paragraphs are for convenience only and do not define, limit, or construe the contents of these sections 
or paragraphs. 
References in this Agreement to “we,” “us,” and “our,” with respect to all of our rights and all of 
your obligations to us under this Agreement, include any of our affiliates with whom you deal.  The term 
“affiliate” means any person or entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, under common control 
with, or owning or controlling you or us.  “Control” means the power to direct or cause the direction of 
management and policies. 
