 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
38 
 
 
You (or your Managing Owner) may elect not to supervise your Restaurant on a full-time 
basis, provided that your Designated Managers have completed our then-current initial training 
program to supervise the operation of your Restaurant. The Designated Managers must assume 
responsibilities on a full-time basis and may not engage in any other business or other activity, 
directly or indirectly, that requires any significant management responsibility, time commitment, 
or otherwise may conflict with his or her obligations to operate and manage the Restaurant. 
Designated Managers are not required to have an ownership interest in you. We may require your 
Managing Owner and Designated Managers to personally undertake the same obligations with 
respect to confidentiality and non-competition that you are subject to under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
In certain circumstances (such as if you abandon your Restaurant or your failure to comply 
with the Franchise Agreement) we have the right to enter the Premises and assume interim 
operations of your Restaurant (or to appoint a third party to assume its operations) for any period 
of time we deem appropriate but not to exceed 90-day increments, renewable for up to one year, 
in the aggregate. We will periodically discuss with you the results of operation of your Restaurant 
during the time that we operate it. If we (or a third party) assume the operations of your Restaurant 
due to your failure to comply with the Franchise Agreement, you must pay us (in addition to other 
amounts due under your Franchise Agreement) an amount equal to 4% of Gross Sales, plus our 
(or the third party’s) direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses, for such period of interim operations. 
If we (or a third party) assume the operations of your Restaurant due to your abandonment, we 
will retain all funds and revenues generated during our (or the third party’s) operation of your 
Restaurant for such interim period.  
If you are a legal entity, each of your owners must sign a guaranty of your obligations 
under the Franchise Agreement (the form is attached as an exhibit to the Franchise Agreement). 
Each person signing a guaranty assumes and agrees to discharge all of your obligations (i.e., the 
franchisee’s) under that Franchise Agreement. If any owner is an individual, his or her spouse must 
consent in writing to that owner’s execution of the guaranty. Each person signing the guaranty 
agrees to be bound to provisions of the Franchise Agreement applicable to such person. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You agree that you (1) will offer and sell from your Restaurant all of the products and 
services that we periodically specify; (2) will not offer or sell at your Restaurant, the Premises or 
any other location any products or services we have not authorized; and (3) will discontinue selling 
and offering for sale any products or services that we at any time disapprove. You will not offer 
carryout or delivery services nor will you purchase services from any third-party delivery services 
or providers, unless expressly authorized by us in writing. We may provide temporary 
authorization and may revoke our authorization for you to provide carryout, delivery services, or 
utilize third-party delivery services or providers at any time. We have the right to change the 
authorized menu items and other goods or services that you may offer, and there is no limit to our 
right to make such changes. 
We may periodically set a maximum or minimum price that you may charge for products 
and services offered by your Restaurant.  If we impose such a maximum or minimum price for any 
product or service, you may charge any price for the product or service up to and including our 
designated maximum price or down to and including our designated minimum price. The 
designated maximum and minimum prices for the same product or service may, at our option, be 
the same. For any product or service for which we do not impose a maximum or minimum price, 
