 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
9 
 
 
Dinner® (“Elmer’s”), your Designated Managers must include one general manager, one kitchen manager 
and one assistant manager; and if your Designated Brand Concept is Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  
Mimosas® (“Elmer’s Kitchen”) or Egg N’ Joe®, your Designated Managers must include one general 
manager, one kitchen manager and one supervisor. We will provide six weeks of training for general 
managers and four weeks of training for kitchen managers, assistant managers and supervisors.  Training 
will be conducted at our principal offices and at a designated training facility of our choice, or we may 
conduct portions of training virtually, as we determine in our discretion.  Your Designated Managers must 
complete initial training to our satisfaction prior to operating your Restaurant. In addition, all Designated 
Managers must obtain liquor control cards and ServeSafe certification at their own expense. If we determine 
that your Designated Managers cannot complete initial training to our satisfaction, we may terminate this 
Agreement. 
Scheduling of the training is based on your Designated Managers’ availability, training restaurant 
availability and the projected opening date for your Restaurant which is finally determined by us.  We 
reserve the right to require up to two additional managers to complete initial training to our satisfaction.  
The Managing Owner is not required to complete training unless the Managing Owner will be part of the 
daily restaurant management team.   
Although we provide initial training for no additional fee for your Designated Managers, you agree 
to pay our then-current training fee (currently, $250 per person per day, subject to Fee Adjustments) for the 
initial training of any additional managers.  You further agree to pay for all travel and living expenses which 
your Designated Managers and your additional managers incur and for your employees’ wages and 
workers’ compensation insurance while attending training.  
Your Designated Managers may request additional training at the end of the initial training 
program, to be provided at our then current per diem charges (currently, $250 per person per day, plus our 
costs and expenses, subject to Fee Adjustments), if your Designated Managers do not feel sufficiently 
trained in the operation of a Restaurant.  We and you will jointly determine the duration of this additional 
training.  However, if your Designated Managers complete our initial training program to our satisfaction, 
and you have not expressly informed us in writing at the end of that program that your Designated Managers 
do not feel sufficiently trained in the operation of a Restaurant, then you will be deemed to have been 
trained sufficiently to operate a Restaurant. 
When your Restaurant is ready to open for business, we will send a trainer or training team (the 
identity and composition of which will be in our discretion) to your Restaurant to assist with the grand 
opening of your Restaurant.  We shall determine in our sole discretion the amount of required time and 
support necessary to have you prepared for your grand opening. If this is the first or second Restaurant 
opened by you or your affiliates, we will provide the trainer or team without any additional training fee and 
at our expense for up to a total of one week before your Restaurant opens and up to one week after your 
Restaurant opens; provided, however, that if this is the second Restaurant opened by you or your affiliates 
we will provide more limited opening assistance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to 
charge you for extraordinary travel and living expenses incurred by such person(s) in connection with 
providing such opening assistance.  In the event you need additional opening assistance (whether requested 
by you or mandated by us), or if this is not the first or second Restaurant opened by you or your affiliates, 
you will pay all costs and expenses of such personnel, for as long as any such additional personnel assist at 
the Restaurant. The costs and expenses associated with this assistance include, but are not limited to, wages, 
salary, transportation, meals, lodging, and fringe benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not be 
required to send any of our trainers or representatives to your Restaurant to provide training or assistance 
if, in our sole discretion, it is unsafe to do so. Such determination by us will not relieve you from your 
obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, to pay monies owed) and will not serve as 
a basis for your termination of this Agreement. 
