 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
37 
 
 
and data, reports, and other printed materials generated by, the software or similar technology; (7) 
knowledge of the operating results and financial performance of Restaurants, other than your 
Restaurant; and (8) customer data. You and your owners will not acquire any interest in the 
confidential information other than the right to use it in operating the Restaurant. You must adopt 
and implement all reasonable procedures we may periodically establish to prevent unauthorized 
access, use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including by establishing reasonable 
security and access measures and restricting disclosure to key personnel.  You must maintain the 
absolute confidentiality of the confidential information during and after the expiration or 
termination of the Franchise Agreement. You and your owners can divulge this confidential 
information only to individuals or entities specifically authorized by us in advance, or to your 
employees or contractors who must have access to it to operate the Restaurant, however, such 
individuals or entities must be under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than your 
obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement. We may require you to have your employees 
and contractors execute individual undertakings and shall have the right to regulate the form of 
and be a party to or third-party beneficiary under any such agreements. Neither you nor your 
owners are permitted to make unauthorized copies, record or otherwise reproduce the materials or 
information or make them available to any unauthorized person.  
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION 
OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
If you are an entity, you must identify an individual with at least 25% ownership interest 
(whether direct or indirect) in you who will have the authority of a chief executive officer (the 
“Managing Owner”). We may require our approval of the Managing Owner. You (or the Managing 
Owner) must devote an amount of your (or the Managing Owner’s) business time and efforts to 
the operation, promotion and enhancement of the business under the Area Development 
Agreement which is reasonable given your undertakings in the Area Development Agreement and 
in light of the business that the Area Development Agreement contemplates. You (or the Managing 
Owner) must supervise the development and operations of Restaurants franchised under the Area 
Development Agreement. 
If you are a legal entity, each of your owners must sign a guaranty of your obligations 
under the Area Development Agreement (the form is attached as an exhibit to the Area 
Development Agreement). Each person signing a guaranty assumes and agrees to discharge all of 
your obligations (i.e., the developer’s) under the Area Development Agreement. If any owner is 
an individual, his or her spouse must consent in writing to that owner’s execution of the guaranty. 
Each person signing the guaranty agrees to be bound to provisions of the Area Development 
Agreement applicable to such person. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
If you are an entity, you must identify as your Managing Owner a natural person with at 
least 25% ownership interest and voting power in you and who will have the authority of a chief 
executive officer. We may require our approval of the Managing Owner. You (or your Managing 
Owner) are responsible for the management, direction and control of your Restaurant, subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement. You (or your Managing Owner) must 
supervise the management and operation of the Restaurant and continuously exert best efforts to 
promote and enhance the Restaurant. 
