 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
8 
 
 
after they are due or our commitment to extend credit to, or otherwise finance your operation of, your 
Restaurant.  
E. 
Application of Payments.   Despite any designation you make, we may apply any of your 
payments to any of your past due indebtedness to us. We may set off any amounts you or your owners owe 
us or our affiliates against any amounts we or our affiliates owe you or your owners.   
F. 
Method of Payment.   You hereby authorize us to debit your checking, savings or other 
account automatically for the Royalty, Brand Promotion Fund (as defined in Section 9.B) contributions, 
and other amounts due to us or our affiliates (the “EFT Authorization”). You agree to sign and deliver to 
us any documents we require for such EFT Authorization.  Such EFT Authorization shall remain in full 
force and effect during the term of this Agreement. We will debit the account you designate for these 
amounts on their due dates (or the subsequent business day if the due date is a national holiday or a weekend 
day). You agree to ensure that funds are available in your designated account to cover our withdrawals. 
If you fail to report the Gross Sales, we may debit your account for one hundred ten percent (110%) 
of the average of the last three Royalty and Brand Promotion Fund contributions that we debited. If the 
amounts that we debit from your account are less than the amounts you actually owe us (once we have 
determined the true and correct Gross Sales), we will debit your account for the balance on the day we 
specify.  If the amounts that we debit from your account are greater than the amounts you actually owe us, 
we will credit the excess against the amounts we otherwise would debit from your account during the 
following week. 
We may require you to pay any amounts due under this Agreement by means other than automatic 
debit (e.g., by check) whenever we deem appropriate, and you agree to comply with our payment 
instructions. 
G. 
Change in Law.   If a law is enacted during the term of this Agreement which prohibits or 
restricts in any way your ability to pay and our ability to collect Royalty or other amounts based on Gross 
Sales derived from the sale of alcoholic products or lottery games, then we reserve the right to modify your 
payment obligations to us under this Agreement and revise the applicable provisions hereunder in order to 
provide the same basic economic effect to both us and you as currently provided in this Agreement.  In 
such event, you agree to execute the appropriate document(s) in the form we prescribe to give effect to or 
take account of such revisions. If we determine in good faith that the effect of any law enacted hereafter 
will be materially detrimental to our interests, we may terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice 
thereof to you.   
H. 
Non-Compliance Charge.   In addition to our other rights and remedies, we may charge 
you a non-compliance charge in an amount up to one hundred dollars ($100) for each violation of any term 
of this Agreement, including failure to pay (or to have adequate amounts available for electronic transfer 
of) amounts you or your affiliates owe us or our affiliates or failure to timely provide required reports and 
financial statements. We may change or eliminate this charge in our sole discretion. We will contribute any 
charges we collect under this Section to the Brand Promotion Fund (defined below). 
4. 
TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE. 
A. 
Training.   After you sign this Agreement and no later than 30 days before you open your 
Restaurant, your Designated Managers must complete, to our satisfaction, initial training conducted by us 
on the material aspects of operating a Restaurant. Your “Designated Managers” shall include four people 
you have designated to assume primary responsibility for the supervision of your Restaurant, which need 
not be you (or your Managing Owner). If your Designated Brand Concept is Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  
