 
 
 
23 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
of the franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise.  
 
H. 
ASSIGNMENT BY US.   
In the event of a sale, transfer or assignment by us of our interest in this Agreement or any 
interest herein, to the extent that the purchaser or assignee assumes our covenants and obligations 
under this Agreement, we will thereupon and without further agreement, be freed and relieved of 
all liabilities with respect to such covenants and obligations.  In no event will anything, including 
without limitation, anything contained in this Agreement, prevent us from selling, transferring or 
assigning any interest we may have in the Franchise System or the Marks or any part thereof. If, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it is determined otherwise by a governmental authority, legislative 
act, court of competent jurisdiction or in any other manner whatsoever, upon completion of any 
such sale, transfer or assignment, we will be freed and relieved of all liability to you whatsoever 
and we will have no obligations to you under or pursuant to this Agreement. 
I. 
AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE.   
This Agreement shall not be effective until accepted by us as evidenced by dating and 
signing by an officer or other duly-authorized representative of ours.  Notwithstanding that this 
Agreement shall not be effective until signed by us, we reserve the right to make the effective date 
of this Agreement the date on which you signed the Agreement. 
J. 
FURTHER ASSURANCES.   
You and we agree to execute and deliver such further and other agreements, assurances, 
undertakings, acknowledgements or documents, cause such meetings to be held, resolutions passed 
and by-laws enacted, exercise our vote and influence and do and perform and cause to be done and 
performed any further and other acts and things as may be necessary or desirable in order to give 
full effect to this Agreement and every part hereof. 
K. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.   
The recitals and exhibits are part of this Agreement which, together with the System 
Standards (which may periodically be modified), constitutes the entire agreement of the parties 
hereto and all prior negotiations, commitments, representations, warranties, agreements and 
undertakings made prior hereto are hereby merged.  There are no other inducements, 
representations, warranties, agreements, undertakings, or promises, (oral or written) among you 
and us relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.  No subsequent alteration, amendment, 
change or addition to this Agreement or any schedules will be binding upon the parties hereto 
unless reduced to writing and signed by us and you or our and your respective heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors or assigns. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is 
intended to disclaim the representations we made in the franchise disclosure document that we 
furnished to you. 
You agree that whenever this Agreement allows or requires us to take actions or make 
decisions, we may do so in our sole and unfettered discretion, even if you believe our action or 
decision is unreasonable, unless the Agreement expressly and specifically requires that we act 
reasonably or refrain from acting unreasonably in connection with the particular action or decision.  
