 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
24 
 
 
you fail to spend one percent (1%) of Gross Sales on local marketing efforts in any calendar quarter, you 
will contribute the difference between the amount you were required to spend and the actual amount you 
spent into the Brand Promotion Fund within 10 days after the end of each calendar quarter.  Within 30 days 
after the end of each calendar quarter, you agree to send us, in the manner we prescribe, an accounting of 
your expenditures for local advertising and promotion during the preceding calendar quarter.  Your local 
advertising and promotion must follow our guidelines.  
You agree that your advertising, promotion, and marketing will be completely clear, factual, and 
not misleading and conform to both the highest standards of ethical advertising and marketing and the 
advertising and marketing policies that we prescribe from time to time.  At least 14 days before you intend 
to use them, you agree to send us for approval samples of all advertising, promotional, and marketing 
materials which we have not prepared or previously approved.  If you do not receive written approval within 
10 days after we receive the materials, they are deemed to be disapproved.  Once we approve the materials, 
you are permitted to use them; provided, however, that we may, in our discretion, withdraw our approval 
at any time.  You may not use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials that we have not 
approved or have disapproved. You must discontinue the use of any advertising material, even if previously 
approved, within 5 days upon receipt of our request to do so. 
We reserve the right, at any time, to issue you a notice that the amounts required to be spent by you 
under this Section 9.C shall, instead, be paid to us or our designee.  If we exercise this option, we will then 
spend such amounts, in accordance with local Restaurant marketing guidelines and programs that we 
develop from time to time, to advertise and promote the Restaurant on your behalf.  We may instead, in our 
discretion, contribute any such amounts to the Brand Promotion Fund.  We may also elect, on one or more 
occasions and without prejudice to our rights to issue further notices, to temporarily or permanently cease 
conducting such marketing activities on your behalf and, instead, to require you to conduct such marketing 
activities yourself in accordance with this Section 9.C. 
All advertising, marketing, and promotional materials that you develop for your Restaurant must 
contain notices of the Franchise System Website’s domain name in the manner we designate.  You may not 
develop, maintain, or authorize any other Website that mentions or describes you, your Restaurant or 
displays any of the Marks.  If we approve the use of any Online Presence in the operation of your Restaurant, 
you will develop and maintain such Online Presence only in accordance with our then-current Online 
Presence policy, which we may periodically modify, including guidelines for posting any messages or 
commentary on third-party websites, or for maintaining privacy policies and terms of use. We will own the 
rights to each such Online Presence. At our request, you agree to grant us access to each such Online 
Presence, and to take whatever action (including signing an assignment or other documents) we request to 
evidence our ownership of such Online Presence, or to help us obtain exclusive rights in such Online 
Presence. 
D. 
Franchise System Website.   We have established Websites to advertise, market, and 
promote Restaurants, the products and services that they offer and sell, or the Restaurant franchise 
opportunity (each a “Franchise System Website”).  We may, but are not obligated to, provide you with a 
webpage on a Franchise System Website that references your Restaurant.  If we provide you with a webpage 
on such Franchise System Website, you must: (i) provide us the information and materials we request to 
develop, update, and modify your webpage; (ii) notify us whenever any information on your webpage is 
not accurate; and (iii) pay our then current initial fee and monthly maintenance fee for the webpage.  We 
will own all intellectual property and other rights in the Franchise System Website, including your webpage, 
