 
3 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. D – Consent to Transfer 
1167.001.012/419818 
g. Restaurant Upgrades/Renovations.  Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, 
Buyer will complete the upgrades and renovations of the Restaurant, at Buyer’s expense, 
as required to improve the condition and appearance of the Restaurant consistent with 
Franchisor’s current System Standards and other Franchise System requirements. 
 
4. 
Waiver of Right of First Refusal.  Franchisor hereby waives its right of first refusal to 
purchase the Interests, as set forth in the Seller Franchise Agreement. 
 
5. 
Contingency.    This Consent and the Buyer Franchise Agreement may be terminated if: 
 
a. The Transfer between Seller and Buyer is cancelled, or otherwise not approved by 
Franchisor; 
 
b. Seller and/or Buyer fail to meet any of the conditions and/or requirements set forth in this 
Consent, the Seller Franchise Agreement, and/or the Buyer Franchise Agreement; or 
 
c. Seller and Buyer fail to change possession and/or ownership of the Restaurant within ninety 
(90) days following receipt of Franchisor’s written consent and authorization (as described 
in Section 3.e above). 
 
In the event of such termination, Seller and Buyer will execute a termination and release agreement 
(in a form acceptable to Franchisor) pursuant to which Franchisor will refund fifty percent (50%) of the 
Transfer Fee, without interest. 
 
6. 
Assignment/Assumption of Premises Lease.  Seller and Buyer acknowledge that one of 
the requirements of Franchisor’s consent is that the Restaurant premises lease be assigned to and/or 
otherwise assumed by the Buyer and that the lease for the Restaurant premises may require consent of 
and/or notice to the landlord with respect to such assignment and/or assumption.  Provided (i) Buyer takes 
an assignment of the existing lease for the Restaurant; (ii) the terms of such lease are not amended; and (iii) 
the lease for the Restaurant includes the terms of Franchisor’s required lease addendum, Franchisor waives 
the requirement for lease review and approval set forth in the Buyer Franchise Agreement.  If (i) the lease 
terms are amended; (ii) the lease for the Restaurant does not include the terms of Franchisor’s required 
lease addendum; or (iii) Buyer enters into a new lease for the Restaurant, all lease review and approval 
requirements set forth in the Buyer Franchise Agreement shall remain applicable.  Buyer acknowledges and 
agrees that Franchisor has complied with and satisfied its obligations under the Buyer Franchise Agreement 
to provide site selection and development assistance.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor’s 
approval of the Restaurant location and waiver of the lease review requirement or approval of the lease 
terms do not constitute a recommendation, endorsement, or guarantee by Franchisor of the suitability of the 
Restaurant location or the lease, and Buyer acknowledges that it has taken all steps necessary to ascertain 
whether the Restaurant location and lease are acceptable to Buyer. 
    
7. 
Release of Franchisor.  Seller, Seller Guarantor and Buyer, and each of them on behalf of 
themselves and each of their respective current and former parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries, and each 
such foregoing person’s or entity’s respective current and former agents, spouses, heirs, principals, 
attorneys, owners, officers, directors, employees, representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns 
(collectively, the “Releasing Parties”), do hereby absolutely and irrevocably release and discharge 
Franchisor and its current and former parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each such foregoing person’s 
or entity’s respective current and former owners, officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, 
representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns (the “Franchisor Parties”), of and from any and all 
claims, obligations, debts, proceedings, demands, causes of actions, rights to terminate and rescind, 
