 
 
 
21 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
E. 
LIMITATION OF CLAIMS; WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION.   
Except for claims arising from your non-payment or underpayment of amounts you owe to 
us pursuant to this Agreement, any and all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or 
our relationship with you will be barred unless a judicial or arbitration proceeding is commenced 
in accordance with this Agreement within one (1) year from the date on which the party asserting 
such claim knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to such claims.  We and you agree 
that any proceeding will be conducted on an individual basis and that any proceeding between us 
and any of our affiliates, or our and their respective owners, officers, directors, managers, agents, 
representatives, and employees, on the one hand, and you (or your owners, guarantors, affiliates, 
and employees), on the other hand, may not be: (i) conducted on a class-wide basis, (ii) 
commenced, conducted or consolidated with any other proceeding, (iii) joined with any claim of 
an unaffiliated third-party, or (iv) brought on your behalf by any association or agent.  
You and your owners agree that our and our affiliates’ owners, directors, managers, 
officers, employees and agents shall not be personally liable nor named as a party in any action 
between us or our affiliates and you or your owners.  
F. 
ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS. 
If either party initiates an arbitration, judicial or other proceeding, the party prevailing in 
such proceeding shall be entitled to recovery of its costs and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees. 
10. 
MISCELLANEOUS. 
A. 
JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGATION.   
If either you or we are comprised of more than one individual or Entity, the obligations of 
each such individual and Entity will be joint and several. 
B. 
SEVERABILITY.   
If for any reason whatsoever, any term or condition of this Agreement is, to any extent 
declared to be invalid or unenforceable, all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, other 
than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, will not be affected thereby and each 
term and condition of this Agreement will be separately valid and enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. 
 
C. 
NOTICE.   
All notices, consents, approvals, statements, documents or other communications required 
or permitted to be given hereunder must be in writing, and will be deemed to be delivered on the 
earlier of the date of actual delivery or one of the following: 
(a) 
at the time delivered via electronic transmission and, in the case of any 
amounts due, at the time we actually receive payment; 
(b) 
one business day after being placed in the hands of a nationally recognized 
commercial courier service for next business day delivery; or 
