 
 
 
14 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
(b) 
the purpose of the giving of such security must be to obtain 
financing for use in the business operated hereunder; and 
(c) 
you may not at the time of giving any security be in default of any 
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
B. 
FIRST RIGHT OF REFUSAL.   
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 6, in the event you make or receive 
(and intend to accept) an offer of Sale, without in any way derogating from our right to grant or 
not grant our consent thereto, we will have the option, to be exercised by notice in writing delivered 
to you within 30 days of receipt of your application referred to in Section 6.A.(1)(a) hereof, to 
acquire the said rights and the business operated hereunder upon the same terms and conditions as 
set out in the said application except as provided hereinafter.  If we exercise our option, we will 
complete the Sale upon the same terms and conditions as set out in the said application save and 
except that we will be entitled to deduct from the purchase price (i) the amount of any sales or 
other commissions (if any) which would have been payable by you had the Sale been completed 
with the Recipient and (ii) an amount equal to that amount to which we are entitled pursuant to 
Section 6.A.(1)(k) hereof, and save and except we will have the right to substitute cash for any 
other form of consideration specified in the offer accompanying the application and the right to 
pay in full, the entire amount of the purchase price at the time of closing.  If we do not exercise 
our option, we may then, in our discretion, determine if we will consent to the proposed Sale to 
the Recipient; we will notify you of our decision within 30 days of receipt of said application.  The 
sale, assignment, transfer, donation or other dealing must be completed within 60 days of the 
receipt by us of your original application, failing which, you must again make application to us in 
the manner set out in Section 6.A.(1) hereof, and in all such events the provisions of this 
Section 6.B. will apply anew, and such procedure will continue to be repeated so often as you 
desire to complete any Sale.  If we do not notify you of our intention to consent within such 30-
day period, we will be deemed not to have given our consent. 
C. 
PUBLIC OR PRIVATE OFFERINGS.   
You acknowledge that the publication or dissemination of written information used to raise 
or secure funds can reflect upon us and the Franchise System.  Therefore, you acknowledge and 
agree that you may not engage in a public offering of securities without our prior written consent. 
If you desire to request that we consent to any such event, you must submit any written information 
intended to be used for that purpose to us before inclusion in any registration statement, prospectus 
or similar offering memorandum.  Should we object to any reference to us or our affiliates or any 
of our business in the offering literature or prospectus, the literature or prospectus shall not be used 
until our objections are withdrawn or resolved.  
7. 
TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.   
A. 
EVENTS OF TERMINATION.   
Notwithstanding anything otherwise contained in this Agreement, we will have the right to 
terminate this Agreement at any time and without notice, upon the happening of any one or more 
of the following events: 
