 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
12 
 
 
Restaurant, for any loss of revenue due to any modified or discontinued Mark, or for your expenses of 
promoting a modified or substitute trademark or service mark. 
Our rights in this Section 5.D apply to any and all of the Marks (and any portion of any Mark) that 
we authorize you to use in this Agreement.  We and our affiliates may exercise these rights at any time and 
for any reason, business or otherwise, that we and our affiliates think best.  You acknowledge both our right 
to take this action and your obligation to comply with our directions. 
D. 
Copyrighted and Copyrightable Materials.   During the Term, we will authorize you to 
use certain copyrighted and copyrightable materials in connection with the operation of your Restaurant, 
including the Operations Manual, trade dress, menus, and other materials (collectively, the “Copyrighted 
Materials”). As between you and us, we or our affiliates own the Copyrighted Materials and all benefits 
inherent in such ownership.  We and our affiliates may further create, acquire, or obtain licenses for certain 
copyrights in various works of authorship used in connection with the operation of your Restaurant, 
including all categories of works eligible for protection under the copyright laws of the United States, all 
of which will be deemed to be Copyrighted Materials under this Agreement.  We intend that all works of 
authorship related to Restaurants and created in the future will be owned by us or our affiliates. 
E. 
Limitation on Your Use of Copyrighted Materials.   Your right to use the Copyrighted 
Materials is derived only from this Agreement and limited to your operating your Restaurant according to 
this Agreement and all System Standards we prescribe during its term. You will ensure that all Copyrighted 
Materials used hereunder bear an appropriate copyright notice under the Universal Copyright Convention 
or other copyright laws we prescribe specifying that we or, as appropriate, our affiliate is the owner of the 
copyright.  You acknowledge that this Agreement does not confer upon you any interest in the Copyrighted 
Materials, other than the right to use them in the operation of your Restaurant in compliance with this 
Agreement.  If we authorize you to prepare any adaptation, translation or work derived from the 
Copyrighted Materials, or if you prepare any Copyrighted Materials such as advertisements, posters or 
promotional materials, such adaptation, translation, derivative work or copyrighted material is our property, 
and you assign all your right, title and interest therein to us. You will execute all documents, in recordable 
form, as we determine are necessary to reflect such ownership.  You will not use any such adaptations, 
translations, derivative works and copyrighted materials without our prior written approval. 
F. 
Notification of Infringements and Claims.   You agree to notify us immediately of any 
apparent infringement or challenge to your use of any Mark or Copyrighted Material, or of any person’s 
claim of any rights in any Mark or Copyrighted Material, and not to communicate with any person other 
than us, our attorneys, and your attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim.  We and our 
affiliates may take the action we deem appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any 
litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, U.S. Copyright Office proceeding, or other 
administrative proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim or otherwise concerning any 
Mark or Copyrighted Material.  You agree to sign any documents and take any other reasonable action that, 
in the opinion of our and our affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our 
and our affiliates’ interests in any litigation or U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, U.S. Copyright Office or 
other proceeding, or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in the Marks and 
Copyrighted Materials.  We will reimburse you for your costs of taking any action that we or our affiliates 
have asked you to take.  
G. 
Indemnification for Use of Marks.   We agree to reimburse you for all damages and 
expenses that you incur in any trademark infringement proceeding disputing your authorized use of any 
Mark under this Agreement if you have timely notified us of, and comply with our directions in responding 
to, the proceeding.  At our option, we and our affiliates may defend and control the defense of any 
proceeding arising from your use of any Mark under this Agreement. 
