 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
4 
 
 
(4) 
Each of your direct and indirect owners during this Agreement’s term and your 
and their spouses will execute a guaranty in the form we prescribe undertaking personally to be 
bound, jointly and severally, by all provisions of this Agreement and any ancillary agreements 
between you and us.  Our current form of guaranty is attached herein as Exhibit C. We confirm that 
a spouse who signs Exhibit C solely in his or her capacity as a spouse (and not as an owner) is 
signing that agreement merely to acknowledge and consent to the execution of the guaranty by his 
or her spouse and to bind the assets of the marital estate as described therein and for no other 
purpose (including to bind the spouse’s own separate property). Subject to our rights and your 
obligations under Section 12, you and your owners agree to sign and deliver to us revised Exhibits 
A to reflect any permitted changes in the information that Exhibit A now contains;  
(5) 
You must identify on Exhibit A one of your owners who is a natural person with 
at least 25% ownership interest and voting power in you and who will have the authority of a chief 
executive officer (the “Managing Owner”). You agree to deliver to us a revised Exhibit A to 
accurately identify the Managing Owner should the identity of that person change during the term 
of this Agreement as permitted hereunder; and 
(6) 
The Managing Owner is authorized, on your behalf, to deal with us in respect of 
all matters whatsoever which may arise in respect of this Agreement. Any decision made by the 
Managing Owner will be final and binding upon you, and we will be entitled to rely solely upon 
the decision of the Managing Owner in any such dealings without the necessity of any discussions 
with any other party named in this Agreement, and we will not be held liable for any actions taken 
by you, based upon any decision or actions of the Managing Owner.   
2. 
SITE SELECTION, LEASE OF PREMISES, AND DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF 
YOUR RESTAURANT. 
A. 
Site Selection.   If you have not yet located a site for the Premises as of the Effective Date, 
then, you agree to purchase, or sign a lease for, a suitable site for your Restaurant within 180 days after the 
Effective Date. You agree to obtain our written approval of a proposed site for your Restaurant before 
signing any lease, sublease, or other document for the site. Our determination to approve or disapprove a 
site may be based on various criteria which may change from time to time in our discretion. You agree to 
send us information we require for the proposed site. You may operate your Restaurant only at the Premises. 
Our acceptance of a proposed site indicates only that we believe that the site meets our then 
acceptable criteria which have been established for our own purposes. Applying criteria that have appeared 
effective with other sites and premises might not accurately reflect the potential for all sites and premises, 
and demographic or other factors included in or excluded from our criteria could change, even after our 
approval of the Premises or your development of the Restaurant, altering the potential of a site and premises. 
The uncertainty and instability of these criteria are beyond our control, and we are not responsible if a site 
and premises we recommend fail to meet your expectations. You acknowledge and agree that your 
acceptance of the Franchise and selection of the Premises are based on your own independent investigation 
of the site’s suitability for the Premises. 
B. 
Lease of Premises.  We have the right to approve the terms of any lease or sublease for 
the Premises (the “Lease”) before you sign it. Our approval may be conditioned on the landlord’s agreement 
to include certain provisions we require, including collateral assignment of lease, pursuant to our then-
current standard form of lease addendum (our current form is attached as Exhibit B hereto). It is your sole 
responsibility to obtain a fully-executed lease addendum in connection with executing your Lease. If you 
or the landlord request that we consider any modifications to the lease addendum, and we elect to do so, we 
