 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
23 
 
 
Advertising and Promotion Programs:  
We reserve the right to modify the amount that you must contribute to a national brand 
promotion fund or that you must spend on your own local marketing. 
A. Brand Promotion Fund 
You must contribute to the brand promotion fund for Restaurants (the “Brand 
Promotion Fund”).  Currently the amount of your contribution is 1% of your Gross Sales, 
payable in the same manner as the royalty. 
Restaurants that we or our affiliates own in the United States contribute to the Brand 
Promotion Fund on no less than the same percentage basis as franchisees. During our 2024 
fiscal year, the Brand Promotion Fund contributions were used as follows: 30.22% for media 
placement, 20.28% for administrative expenses, 1.36% for maintaining the website, 16.92% 
for sponsorships, 4.56% for social media and eMarketing, 15.8% was used for local Restaurant 
marketing, 0.44% was used for our gift card program, and 10.42% was retained for use in 
future years. During the 2024 fiscal year, no portion of the Brand Promotion Fund was either 
spent on production or used principally to solicit new franchisees.  
We or our affiliates or other designees will direct all programs that are developed or 
presented by the Brand Promotion Fund, with sole control over the creative concepts, 
materials, and endorsements used and their geographic, market, and media placement and 
allocation. The Brand Promotion Fund may pay for preparing and producing video, audio, and 
written materials and electronic, virtual, or digital media; developing, implementing, and 
maintaining a Franchise System website and related strategies; administering regional and 
multi-regional marketing and advertising programs, including purchasing trade journal, direct 
mail, and other media advertising and using advertising, promotion, and marketing agencies 
and other advisors to provide assistance; administering online advertising and marketing 
campaigns (including search engine, social media, email, and display ad campaigns); 
developing and administering software, apps, and related integrations; implementing a loyalty 
program or other marketing programs designed to encourage the use of Restaurants; and 
supporting public relations, market research, and other advertising, promotion, and marketing 
activities. The Brand Promotion Fund will give you samples of advertising, marketing, and 
promotional formats and materials at no cost.  We will sell you multiple copies of these 
materials at its direct cost of producing them, plus any related shipping, handling, and storage 
charges.  
We will account for the Brand Promotion Fund separately from our other funds and not 
use the Brand Promotion Fund for any of our general operating expenses. However, we may 
use the Brand Promotion Fund to reimburse ourselves or our affiliates for the reasonable 
salaries and benefits of personnel who manage and administer the Brand Promotion Fund, the 
Brand Promotion Fund’s other administrative costs, travel expenses of personnel while they 
are on Brand Promotion Fund business, meeting costs, overhead relating to Brand Promotion 
Fund business, and other expenses that we incur in activities reasonably related to 
administering or directing the Brand Promotion Fund and its programs, including conducting 
market research, public relations, preparing advertising, promotion, and marketing materials, 
and collecting and accounting for Brand Promotion Fund contributions. 
The Brand Promotion Fund will not be our asset. We do not owe any fiduciary 
obligation to you for administering the Brand Promotion Fund or any other reason. We will 
hold all Brand Promotion Fund contributions for the benefit of the contributors. The Brand 
