 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
38 
 
 
(ii) 
divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business, sites or 
customers of any Restaurants to a Competitive Business; or 
(iii) 
engage in any other activity which might injure the goodwill of the Marks 
or the Franchise System. 
E. 
Our Right to Purchase Your Restaurant.   
(1) 
Purchase Option.  In addition to any other rights to purchase we have under this 
Agreement, we have the right to purchase your Restaurant, as described in this Section 15.E (the 
“Purchase Option”), upon the occurrence of a “Termination Event.”  We have the unrestricted 
right to assign the Purchase Option in our discretion.   
A “Termination Event” is either the expiration of this Agreement and any successor 
franchise granted pursuant to Section 13 (except for any expiration under the circumstances 
described in Section 13.B(4) hereof) or the termination of this Agreement by you without cause or 
by us as permitted under Section 14.B. 
(2) 
Purchase Price.  We may exercise the Purchase Option based on a Termination 
Event by giving you written notice of our election by not later than 30 days after the occurrence of 
the Termination Event (the “Election Period”).   The purchase price for your Restaurant will be its 
fair market value, provided that the fair market value will not include any value for (i) the Franchise 
or any rights granted by this Agreement, or (ii) goodwill attributable to our Marks, brand image 
and other intellectual property.  The closing (the “Closing”) of the purchase will take place, as 
described in paragraph (4) below, on a date we select which is within 90 days after the purchase 
price is determined by us or, if you dispute the calculation of the purchase price, as determined 
pursuant to paragraph (3) below. 
(3) 
Disputes Regarding Purchase Price Calculation.  If you dispute the calculation 
of the purchase price, the purchase price will be determined by one independent accredited 
appraiser designated by us who will calculate the purchase price applying the criteria specified 
above.  We agree to select the appraiser within 15 days after we receive the financial and other 
information necessary to calculate the purchase price (if you and we have not agreed on the 
purchase price before then).  You and we will share equally the appraiser’s fees and expenses.  The 
appraiser must complete its calculation within 30 days after its appointment.  The purchase price 
will be the appraiser’s determination of the value, applying the appropriate mechanism as described 
above.  
(4) 
Real Property.  If you or any of your affiliates, owns the Premises, you agree to 
(or cause your affiliate to) lease the Premises to us or our designated affiliate on terms and 
conditions that are commercially reasonable in light of the location and condition of the Premises 
and other relevant circumstances.   
(5) 
Closing, Operations. During the Election Period and (if we elect to exercise the 
Purchase Option) through the Closing, we shall have the right to (i) assume (or to designate a third 
party to assume) operations of the Restaurant, or (ii) require you to close the Restaurant. In either 
case, you shall maintain in force all insurance policies and business licenses required pursuant to 
this Agreement through the Closing Date, unless we do not exercise the Purchase Option prior to 
the expiration of the Election Period. If we elect to assume operations (or to designate a third party 
to do so), you acknowledge and agree that any and all revenue of the Restaurant during such period 
will belong to us.  Prior to closing, you agree to cooperate with us in conducting due diligence, 
