 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
37 
 
 
(6) 
you agree to immediately cease using and, at our discretion, either disable or 
instruct the registrar of any Contact Identifier or Online Presence to transfer exclusive control of 
and access to such Contact Identifier or Online Presence to us (or our designee), as we determine 
in our discretion;  
(7) 
comply with all other System Standards we periodically establish (and all 
applicable laws) in connection with the closure and de-identification of your Restaurant, including 
as it relates to disposing of Personal Information, in any form, in your possession or the possession 
of any of your employees; and 
(8) 
you agree to give us, within 30 days after the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, evidence satisfactory to us of your compliance with these obligations. 
C. 
Confidential Information.   You agree that, when this Agreement expires or is terminated, 
you will immediately cease using any of our Confidential Information (including computer software or 
similar technology and digital passwords and identifications that we have licensed to you or that are 
proprietary to us or the Franchise System) in any business or otherwise and return to us all copies of the 
Operations Manual and any other confidential materials that we have loaned you. 
D. 
Covenants Not to Compete. 
(1) 
Non-Competition.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you and 
your owners agree that, for two years beginning on the effective date of termination or expiration 
or the date on which all persons restricted by this Section 15.D begin to comply with this Section 
15.D, whichever is later, neither you nor any of your owners (or their immediate family members) 
will have any direct or indirect interest as an owner (whether of record or beneficially), investor, 
partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative, lessor, or agent in any Competitive 
Business (as defined in Section 7 above) located or operating: 
(i) 
within a 5-mile radius of the Premises; and 
(ii) 
within a 5-mile radius of any other Restaurant in operation or under 
construction on the later of the effective date of the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement or the date on which all persons restricted by this Section 15.D begin to comply 
with this Section 15.D.  
These restrictions also apply after transfers, as provided in Section 12.C(12) above.  If any 
person restricted by this Section 15.D refuses voluntarily to comply with these obligations, the two 
year period for that person will commence with the entry of a court order enforcing this provision.  
You and your owners expressly acknowledge that you possess skills and abilities of a general nature 
and have other opportunities for exploiting these skills.  Consequently, our enforcing the covenants 
made in this Section 15.D will not deprive you of your personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. 
(2) 
Non-Interference.  You further agree that, for two years beginning on the 
effective date of termination or expiration, neither you nor any of your owners, your or your 
owners’ affiliates, or the officers, directors, managers or immediate family members of any of the 
foregoing, will: 
(i) 
interfere or attempt to interfere with our or our affiliates’ relationships with 
any vendors or consultants; 
