 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
29 
 
 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-
The-Job 
Training 
 
Location 
Administration 
10 
30 
Vancouver, WA or 
other location we 
designate 
Floor Operations 
10 
70 
Vancouver, WA or 
other location we 
designate 
Total 
43 
201 
 
The hours devoted to each subject are estimates and may vary based on how quickly 
trainees learn the material, their prior experience with the subject, and scheduling. On-the-job 
training includes cross training in all subject areas of the business.   
You will be responsible for reimbursing us the costs and expenses incurred by the lead 
trainer, and any other trainers or training team we send to provide support for your third or 
subsequent Restaurant, including the costs of travel, lodging, meals and a per diem to cover the 
trainers’ salary (estimated to be between $2,500 to $20,000). Our trainer(s) will determine the 
amount of required time and support necessary to have your staff prepared for your grand opening.  
Susan Herzog and John Peralta will oversee the training program.  Ms. Herzog has 23 years 
of experience with us, our parent and affiliates, and 23 years of experience in the subjects taught. 
Mr. Peralta has 29 years of experience with us, our parent and affiliates, and over 37 years of 
experience in the subjects taught. Certain other employees of ours and of our affiliates may also 
participate in the training programs. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Area Development Agreement. You 
may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands that we control.  
The Area Development Agreement grants you the right to acquire franchises to develop, 
own and operate Restaurants within the designated Development Area that will be described in the 
Area Development Agreement. Your rights under the Area Development Agreement do not 
include the right to acquire franchises for Special Venue Restaurants unless we provide our 
separate prior written consent with respect to each such proposed Special Venue Restaurant. You 
must secure possession of an approved site, with a lease we have approved, for each Restaurant 
you are required to develop under the terms of your Area Development Agreement, and develop 
and open such Restaurant, each by the deadlines specified in the schedule to your Area 
Development Agreement. That schedule will be agreed on by you and us before you sign the Area 
Development Agreement. If you fail to comply with the designated schedule, we may terminate 
your Area Development Agreement, or we may elect to terminate or reduce your territorial 
protections in the Development Area. The site selection and lease approval process will be 
governed by the terms of your individual Franchise Agreement for each such Restaurant (see 
below). 
