 
 
 
9 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
this Agreement and who are under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than your obligations 
hereunder, or to individuals or entities specifically authorized by us in advance; and (iii) shall not 
be used except to the extent necessary to exercise the Development Rights or as permitted under 
Franchise Agreements, and then only in circumstances of confidence and in accordance with the 
obligations set forth in the Franchise Agreements.  You agree to adopt and implement reasonable 
procedures to prevent unauthorized access, use or disclosure of Proprietary Information, including 
by establishing reasonable security and access measures and restricting its disclosure to key 
personnel. 
All such Proprietary Information will at all times remain our sole property.  You shall 
return to us or destroy, at our election, all Proprietary Information in your possession or control 
and permanently erase all electronic copies of such Proprietary Information promptly upon our 
request or upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, whichever comes first.  At our 
request, you will certify in writing signed by one of your officers that you have fully complied 
with the foregoing obligations.  Proprietary Information does not include information, knowledge, 
or know-how, which is lawfully known to the public without violation of applicable law or an 
obligation to us or our affiliates. 
B. 
INNOVATIONS.   
As between the parties, you acknowledge and agree that we are the sole owner of all right, 
title, and interest in and to the Franchise System and any Proprietary Information.  All 
improvements, developments, derivative works, enhancements, or modifications to the Franchise 
System and any Proprietary Information (collectively, “Innovations”) made or created by you, 
your employees or your contractors, whether developed separately or in conjunction with us, shall 
be owned solely by us.  You represent, warrant, and covenant that your employees and contractors 
are bound by written agreements assigning all rights in and to any Innovations developed or created 
by them to you.  To the extent that you, your employees or your contractors are deemed to have 
any interest in such Innovations, you hereby agree to assign, and do assign, all right, title and 
interest in and to such Innovations to us.  To that end, you shall execute, verify, and deliver such 
documents (including, without limitation, assignments) and perform such other acts (including 
appearances as a witness) as we may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, 
perfecting, evidencing, sustaining, and enforcing such ownership rights in and to the Innovations, 
and the assignment thereof.  Your obligation to assist us with respect to such ownership rights shall 
continue beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  In the event we are unable for 
any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure your signature on any document needed in connection 
with the actions specified in this Section 4.B, you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint us and 
our duly authorized officers and agents as your agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is 
coupled with an interest and is irrevocable, to act for and on your behalf to execute, verify, and 
file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this 
Section 4.B with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you.  
The obligations under Sections 4.A and 4.B shall survive any expiration or termination of 
the Agreement. In the event of your alleged or actual breach of any of the provisions of Section 
4.A or 4.B, we shall be entitled to equitable relief, including in the form of injunctions and orders 
for specific performance, in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity. 
