 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
17 
 
 
us and shall be paid by you.  If, at any time (including after our initial approval), we determine that you fail 
to meet our System Standards in connection with the provision of any products or services, we may 
permanently or temporarily terminate your right to offer such products or services; provided that nothing 
contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of our right to terminate pursuant to Section 14 hereof. 
We and our affiliates reserve the right to approve or designate, from time to time, manufacturers, 
vendors, distributors, suppliers, and producers (collectively referred to herein as “vendors”), terms, and 
distribution methods for any goods or services (which include, but are not limited to, services, insurance, 
products, equipment, supplies, and materials).   You shall purchase all goods and services required for the 
operation of your Restaurant from such approved or designated vendors (which may be only one vendor 
for any given good or service, which may be us or an affiliate) under terms, in the manner, and from the 
source designated by us or any of our affiliates. You shall not offer carryout or delivery services nor shall 
you purchase services from any third-party delivery services or providers unless expressly authorized by us 
in writing; if we authorize you to offer carryout or delivery services or utilize third-party delivery services 
or providers, we may revoke our authorization at any time and for any reason and you must immediately 
cease offering and/or utilizing such services. If we or any of our affiliates designate such goods and services 
are to be purchased through approved or designated third party distributors, then you shall purchase such 
goods and services from such distributors pursuant to the terms and in the manner approved by us and or 
our affiliates.  We may, at our option, arrange with designated vendors to collect or have our affiliates 
collect fees and expenses associated with products and services they provide to you and, in turn, pay the 
vendor on your behalf for such products or services.  If we elect to do so, you agree that we or our affiliates 
may autodebit your bank account for such amounts in the same manner and using the same authorization 
that you grant us with respect to payment of Royalty and other fees.  We or any of our affiliates may be a 
supplier, distributor, or otherwise party to these transactions, and may derive revenue or profit from such 
transactions.  We and any of our affiliates may use such revenue or profit without restriction. 
In the event you desire to purchase equipment, products, services, supplies, or materials from 
vendors other than those previously approved by us and our affiliates, you shall, prior to purchasing any 
such equipment, products, services, supplies, or materials, give us a written request to change vendor.  We 
will not be obligated to respond to your request, and any actions we take in response to your request will 
be at our discretion, including the assessment of a fee to compensate us for the time and resources we spend 
in evaluating the proposed supplier, product or service.  We and our affiliates may, for any reason 
whatsoever at our or their sole discretion, elect to withhold or revoke approval of the vendor.  We may 
reject your request for a new vendor without conducting any investigation if we and our affiliates already 
have designated an exclusive vendor for the equipment, products, services, supplies, or materials proposed 
to be offered by the new vendor as permitted in this Section.  
You may only offer lottery games if permitted in the state where your Restaurant is located, and 
such games must be those offered by the state or licensed operators.  You must comply with our lottery 
lounge operating standards, as periodically set forth in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. 
F. 
Compliance with Laws and Good Business Practices.   You must secure and maintain 
in force throughout this Agreement’s term all required licenses, permits and certificates relating to the 
operation of your Restaurant and operate your Restaurant in full compliance with all applicable laws, 
ordinances and regulations, including PCI compliance standards and all laws related to participation in 
lottery games.  You agree to comply and assist us in our compliance efforts, as applicable, with any and all 
laws, regulations, Executive Orders or otherwise relating to anti-terrorist activities or conduct of 
transactions involving certain foreign parties, including the U.S. Patriot Act, Executive Order 13224, the 
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the International Money Laundering Abatement 
and Anti-terrorism Financing Act, the Export Administration Act, the Arms Export Control Act, the 
International Economic Emergency Powers Act, and related U.S. Treasury or other regulations.  In 
