 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
15 
 
 
7. 
EXCLUSIVE RELATIONSHIP DURING TERM. 
A. 
Covenants Against Competition: Branded Business. 
(1) 
You acknowledge that we have granted you the Franchise in consideration of and 
reliance upon your agreement to deal exclusively with us.  You therefore agree that, during this 
Agreement’s term, neither you, any of your owners, nor any of your or your owners’ immediate 
family members will: 
(i) 
have any direct or indirect interest as an owner – whether of record or 
beneficially – in a Competitive Business (defined below), wherever located or operating 
(except that equity ownership of less than five percent (5%) of a Competitive Business 
whose stock or other forms of ownership interest are publicly traded on a recognized 
United States stock exchange will not be deemed to violate this subparagraph); 
(ii) 
perform services as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, 
representative, lessor, or agent for a Competitive Business, wherever located or operating;  
(iii) 
divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business or customer of 
your Restaurant to a Competitive Business; or 
(iv) 
directly or indirectly, appropriate, use or duplicate the Franchise System 
or System Standards, or any portion thereof, for use in any other business or endeavor. 
(2) 
The term “Competitive Business” means any restaurant, food service or other 
business (other than a Restaurant) (i) whose gross receipts from the sale of breakfast food or menu 
items represent, at any time, at least 10% of the business’ total gross receipts (excluding receipts 
from the sale of alcoholic beverages or lottery games), (ii) whose menu, concept, business model 
or method of operation is similar to that employed by restaurant units operated, franchised or 
licensed by us or our affiliates, (iii) that offers or sells goods or services that are generally the same 
as or similar to the goods or services being offered by businesses owned, operated, franchised or 
licensed by us or our affiliates, or (iv) that grants franchises or licenses for the operation of any of 
the foregoing or provides services to the franchisor or licensor of any of the foregoing.  
B. 
Non-Interference. 
(1) 
You further agree that, during the Term, neither you nor any of your owners, your 
or your owners’ affiliates, or the officers, directors, managers or immediate family members of any 
of the foregoing, will: 
(i) 
interfere or attempt to interfere with our or our affiliates’ relationships with 
any vendors or consultants; or 
(ii) 
engage in any other activity which might injure the goodwill of the Marks 
or the Franchise System. 
8. 
BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND SYSTEM STANDARDS. 
A. 
Condition and Appearance of Your Restaurant.   You agree that you will not use any 
part of the Premises for any purpose other than operating a Restaurant in compliance with this Agreement, 
and that you will place or display at the Premises (interior and exterior) only those signs, emblems, designs, 
