 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
14 
 
 
know such Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement and who are under a duty of 
confidentiality no less restrictive than your obligations hereunder, or to individuals or entities specifically 
authorized by us in advance, and (iv) shall not be used in connection with any other business or capacity.  
You will not acquire any interest in any of our Confidential Information other than the right to use it as we 
specify in operating your Restaurant during the Term.  You further agree, during and after the Term, to: 
(a) process, retain, use, collect, and disclose our Confidential Information strictly to 
the limited extent, and in such a manner, as necessary for the development and operation of your 
Restaurant in accordance with this Agreement, and not for any other purpose of any kind; 
(b) process, retain, use, collect, and disclose our Confidential Information strictly in 
accordance with the privacy policies and System Standards we establish from time to time, and 
our and our representative’s instructions; and 
(c)   adopt and implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to prevent 
unauthorized access, use or disclosure of any of our Confidential Information, including by 
establishing reasonable security and access measures and restricting its disclosure to key 
personnel.   
We reserve the right to require that any employee, agent or independent contractor that you hire 
execute a non-disclosure agreement to protect the Confidential Information.  We reserve the right to regulate 
the form of non-disclosure agreement that you use and to be a third party beneficiary of those agreements 
with independent enforcement rights.  You acknowledge that any form of non-disclosure agreement that 
we require you to use, provide to you, or regulate the terms of may or may not be enforceable in a particular 
jurisdiction.  You agree that you are solely responsible for obtaining your own professional advice with 
respect to the adequacy of the terms and provisions of any confidentiality agreement that your employees, 
agents and independent contractors sign. 
You acknowledge and agree that, as between us and you, we are the sole owner of all right, title, 
and interest in and to the Franchise System and any Confidential Information.  All improvements, 
developments, derivative works, enhancements, or modifications to the Franchise System and any 
Confidential Information (collectively, “Innovations”) made or created by you, your employees or your 
contractors, whether developed separately or in conjunction with us, shall be owned solely by us.  You 
represent, warrant, and covenant that your employees and contractors are bound by written agreements 
assigning all rights in and to any Innovations developed or created by them to you.  To the extent that you, 
your employees or your contractors are deemed to have any interest in such Innovations, you hereby agree 
to assign, and do assign, all right, title and interest in and to such Innovations to us.  To that end, you shall 
execute, verify, and deliver such documents (including assignments) and perform such other acts (including 
appearances as a witness) as we may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, 
evidencing, sustaining, and enforcing such ownership rights in and to the Innovations, and the assignment 
thereof.  Your obligation to assist us with respect to such ownership rights shall continue beyond the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement.  In the event we are unable for any reason, after reasonable 
effort, to secure your signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this 
Section 6, you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint us and our duly authorized officers and agents as 
your agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable, to act for 
and on your behalf to execute, verify, and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted 
acts to further the purposes of this Section 6 with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you.  The 
obligations of this Section 6 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
