 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
46 
 
 
If two or more persons are at any time the owners of the Franchise and your Restaurant, whether 
as partners or joint venturers, their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint and several.  References to 
“owner” mean any person holding a direct or indirect ownership interest (whether of record or beneficially) 
or voting rights in you (or a transferee of this Agreement and your Restaurant or an ownership interest in 
you), including any person who has a direct or indirect interest in you (or a transferee), this Agreement, the 
Franchise, or your Restaurant and any person who has any other legal or equitable interest, or the power to 
vest in himself or herself any legal or equitable interest, in their revenue, profits, rights, or assets.  
References to a “controlling interest” in you or one of your owners (if an Entity) means the percent of the 
voting shares or other voting rights that results from dividing one hundred percent (100%) of the ownership 
interests by the number of owners.  In the case of a proposed transfer of an ownership interest in you or one 
of your owners, the determination of whether a “controlling interest” is involved must be made as of both 
immediately before and immediately after the proposed transfer to see if a “controlling interest” will be 
transferred (because of the number of owners before the proposed transfer) or will be deemed to have been 
transferred (because of the number of owners after the proposed transfer).  “Person” means any natural 
person, corporation, limited liability company, general or limited partnership, unincorporated association, 
cooperative, or other legal or functional entity.   
Unless otherwise specified, all references to a number of days shall mean calendar days and not 
business days. The term “your Restaurant” includes all of the assets of the Restaurant you operate under 
this Agreement, including its revenue and the Lease. “Including” means “including without limitation” and 
“including, but not limited to” unless otherwise noted. All amounts payable by you or your owners to us or 
our affiliates must be in United States dollars. 
P. 
Lawful Attorney.   Notwithstanding anything otherwise contained in this Agreement, if 
you do not execute and deliver any documents or other assurances so required of you pursuant to this 
Agreement or if we take over the management or operation of the business operated hereunder on your 
behalf for any reason, you hereby irrevocably appoint us as your lawful attorney with full power and 
authority, to execute and deliver in your name any such documents and assurances, and to manage or 
operate the business on your behalf, and to do all other acts and things, all in such discretion as we may 
desire, and you hereby agree to ratify and confirm all of our acts as your lawful attorney and to indemnify 
and save us harmless from all claims, liabilities, losses, or damages suffered in so doing.  You also hereby 
appoint us as your attorney-in-fact to receive and inspect your confidential sales and other tax records and 
hereby authorize all tax authorities to provide such information to us for all tax periods during the term of 
this Agreement. 
18. 
NOTICES AND PAYMENTS. 
All written notices, reports, and payments permitted or required to be delivered by this Agreement 
or the Operations Manual will be deemed to be delivered on the earlier of the date of actual delivery or one 
of the following: 
(a) 
at the time delivered via electronic transmission and, in the case of the Royalty, 
Brand Promotion Fund contributions, and other amounts due, at the time we actually receive 
payment; 
(b) 
one business day after being placed in the hands of a nationally recognized 
commercial courier service for next business day delivery; or 
(c) 
three business days after placement in the United States Mail by Registered or 
Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid. 
