 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
32 
 
 
otherwise modify your Restaurant as we require to comply with System Standards then applicable 
for new Restaurants of your Designated Brand Concept, or (b) at your option, you secure a 
substitute premises that we approve and you develop those premises according to System Standards 
then applicable for Restaurants of your Designated Brand Concept, 
then you may acquire a successor franchise to operate your Restaurant as a Restaurant for one additional 
10 year term.  You agree to sign the franchise agreement we then use to grant franchises for Restaurants 
(modified as necessary to reflect the fact that it is for a successor franchise), which may contain provisions 
that differ materially from any and all of those contained in this Agreement; provided that we will waive 
the initial franchise fee.  However, you must pay a renewal fee in an amount equal to twenty-five percent 
(25%) of our then current initial franchise fee.  If you (and each of your owners) are not, both on the date 
you give us written notice of your election to acquire a successor franchise and on the date on which the 
term of the successor franchise commences, in full compliance with this Agreement and all System 
Standards, you acknowledge that we need not grant you a successor franchise, whether or not we had, or 
chose to exercise, the right to terminate this Agreement during its term under Section 14.B. 
B. 
Grant of a Successor Franchise.   You agree to give us written notice of your election to 
acquire a successor franchise no more than 270 days and no less than 180 days before this Agreement 
expires.  We agree to give you written notice (“Our Notice”), not more than 90 days after we receive your 
notice, of our decision: 
(1) 
to grant you a successor franchise; 
(2) 
to grant you a successor franchise on the condition that you correct existing 
deficiencies of your Restaurant or in your operation of your Restaurant; 
(3) 
not to grant you a successor franchise based on our determination that you and 
your owners have not substantially complied with this Agreement during its term or were not in 
full compliance with this Agreement and all System Standards on the date you gave us written 
notice of your election to acquire a successor franchise; or 
(4) 
not to grant you a successor franchise because we are no longer granting franchises 
for Restaurants of your Designated Brand Concept. 
If applicable, Our Notice will: 
(a) describe the remodeling, expansion, improvements, or modifications required to 
bring your Restaurant into compliance with then applicable System Standards for new 
Restaurants of your Designated Brand Concept; and 
(b) state the actions you must take to correct operating deficiencies and the time period 
in which you must correct these deficiencies. 
If we elect not to grant you a successor franchise, Our Notice will describe the reasons for our 
decision.  If we elect to grant you a successor franchise, your right to acquire a successor franchise is subject 
to your full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement through the date of its 
expiration, in addition to your compliance with the obligations described in Our Notice. 
C. 
Agreements/Releases.   In order to acquire a successor franchise, you must satisfy all of 
the other conditions for a successor franchise and you and your owners agree to execute the form of 
franchise agreement and any ancillary agreements we then customarily use in granting franchises for 
