 
6 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. K – State Pages 
1167.001.012/419825 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect our reasonable estimated 
or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 
per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a 
noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent 
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent 
contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed 
$250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a 
result, any provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement, Area Development 
Agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting 
a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same 
franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, 
any such provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement, Area Development 
Agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
The Franchise Disclosure Document does not waive any liability we may have 
under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the 
rules adopted thereunder. 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
 
