 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
5 
 
 
may also require you to reimburse us all expenses that we incur (including attorneys’ fees) in connection 
with such review. We may also reject any request for modifications to the lease addendum for any reason.  
You acknowledge and agree that any of our involvement in the lease review and approval of 
locations is for our sole benefit and the benefit of the Franchise System. If you do not agree with the lease 
provisions that we have approved or negotiated, you may elect not to sign the lease, but you would have to 
find another suitable site for the Premises. If you reject a site we approve because you do not agree with 
the lease provisions that we or our representatives have negotiated, we may permit another franchisee to 
enter into a lease for such site, whether on the terms you rejected or on other terms. You will then have to 
search for another suitable site. You must not enter into a lease or any other contract for the premises of 
your Restaurant without our prior written consent. 
 
You are not a third-party beneficiary of any lease negotiation or review that we conduct. You agree 
that we do not guarantee that the terms, including rent, will represent the most favorable terms available in 
that market. 
 
C. 
Development of Your Restaurant.  You must use one of our designated architects and a 
designated kitchen designer in connection with the development of your Restaurant. You agree at your 
expense to do the following: (a) obtain and submit to us for approval detailed construction plans and 
specifications and space plans for your Restaurant that comply with any design specifications provided by 
us and all applicable ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and lease requirements and 
restrictions; (b) obtain all required zoning changes, planning consents, building, utility, sign and business 
permits and licenses, liquor license and any other consents, permits and licenses necessary to lawfully open 
and operate your Restaurant; (c) construct all required improvements in compliance with construction plans 
and specifications approved by us; (d) decorate your Restaurant in compliance with plans and specifications 
approved by us; (e) purchase and install all required Operating Assets (as defined in Section 2.E); and 
(f) obtain all customary contractors’ sworn statements and partial and final waivers of lien for construction, 
remodeling, decorating and installation services. You agree to use the vendor(s) we select, if any (which 
may include us or our affiliates), for design, engineering, construction management and purchasing services 
in connection with the development of your Restaurant. 
D. 
Financing; Maximum Borrowing Limits; Liquidity.   You acknowledge and agree that: 
(1) 
you will, at all times, maintain sufficient working capital reserves as necessary and 
appropriate to comply with your obligations under this Agreement. On our request, you will provide 
us with evidence of working capital availability. We reserve the right, from time to time, to establish 
certain levels of working capital reserves, and you will comply with such requirements;  
(2) 
we may from time to time designate the maximum amount of debt that Restaurants 
may service, and you will ensure that you will comply with such limits; and 
(3) 
you will apply for and diligently pursue any government-issued, government-
sponsored, or government-guaranteed grants, non-recourse loans, or bail-outs for which you qualify 
and that are made available to small businesses as an economic stimulus, if necessary to comply 
with your obligations under this Agreement. 
E. 
Operating Assets.  You agree to use in operating your Restaurant only those types of food 
items, condiments, construction and decorative materials, fixtures, equipment, furniture, signs, uniforms 
and linens, smallwares, cleaning supplies, marketing materials, and other products and services (“Operating 
Assets”) we approve for Restaurants as meeting our specifications and standards for quality, design, 
appearance, function, and performance. You agree to place or display at the Premises (interior and exterior) 
