 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
43 
 
 
must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand of either party, to the American Arbitration 
Association (“AAA”).  The arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one arbitrator and, except as this 
Section otherwise provides, according to the AAA’s then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules.  All 
proceedings will be conducted at a suitable location chosen by the arbitrator that is within 50 miles of our 
or, as applicable, our successor’s or assign’s then-current principal place of business (currently, Eugene, 
Oregon).  All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 
et seq.).  The interim and final awards of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon each party, and 
judgment upon the arbitrator’s awards may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her awards any relief which he or she 
deems proper, including, without limitation, money damages, pre- and post-award interest, interim costs 
and attorneys’ fees, specific performance, and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator may not declare 
any of the trademarks owned by us or our affiliates generic or otherwise invalid, or award any punitive or 
exemplary damages against any party to the arbitration proceeding (we and you hereby waiving to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, any such right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against 
any party to the arbitration proceedings).  In any arbitration brought pursuant to this arbitration provision, 
and in any action in which a party seeks to enforce compliance with this arbitration provision, the prevailing 
party shall be awarded its costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection therewith. 
We and you agree to be bound by the provisions of any applicable contractual or statutory 
limitations provision, whichever expires earlier.  We and you further agree that, in any arbitration 
proceeding, each party must submit or file any claim which would constitute a compulsory counterclaim 
(as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding.  Any claim 
which is not submitted or filed as required will be forever barred.  The arbitrator may not consider any 
settlement discussions or offers that might have been made by either you or us.   
We and you agree that arbitration will be conducted on an individual basis and that an arbitration 
proceeding between us and any of our affiliates, or our and their respective shareholders, owners, officers, 
directors, agents, representatives and employees, on the one hand, and you (or your owners, guarantors, 
affiliates, and employees), on the other hand, may not be: (i) conducted on a class-wide basis; (ii) 
commenced, conducted or consolidated with any other arbitration proceeding; (iii) joined with any separate 
claim of an unaffiliated third-party; or (iv) brought on your behalf by any association or 
agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any court or arbitrator determines that all or any part of the 
preceding sentence is unenforceable with respect to a dispute, controversy or claim that otherwise would 
be subject to arbitration under this Section, then all parties agree that this arbitration clause shall not apply 
to that dispute, controversy or claim and that such dispute, controversy or claim shall be resolved in a 
judicial proceeding in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement. 
We and you agree that, in any arbitration arising as described in this Section, the arbitrator shall 
have full authority to manage any necessary exchange of information among the parties with a view to 
achieving an efficient and economical resolution of the dispute.   
 
The provisions of this Section are intended to benefit and bind certain third-party non-signatories 
and will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination 
of the Agreements.   
 
Any provisions of this Agreement below that pertain to judicial proceedings shall be subject to the 
agreement to arbitrate contained in this Section. 
 
H. 
Governing Law.   Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 1051 et seq.), or other United States federal law, this Agreement or 
