 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
16 
 
 
use our designated supplier for your Restaurant’s POS system. We will provide a list of approved 
and designated suppliers in the Operations Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
Currently, we also require you to use our designated or approved vendors and distributors 
for coffee products, pancake mix and waffle mix. In some cases, we or our affiliates have 
negotiated system-wide agreements with the vendors for an agreed upon price per Restaurant. We 
also specify the vendor (though you may purchase such products from any distributor that carries 
such vendor’s products) for the following products: soft drinks, juices, food products, ingredients, 
condiments, certain stationery and signage items. We or our affiliates may from time to time elect 
to pay such vendors directly and invoice you for the costs. You must also purchase all other 
Operating Assets from suppliers we have approved. We and our affiliates currently are not the 
approved or sole supplier of any goods or services. We may in the future designate ourselves or 
an affiliate as an approved supplier of any goods and any other services that are used in the 
development or operation of your Restaurant.   
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, none of our officers owns an interest in any 
approved suppliers. 
We estimate that 50% to 75% of your initial investment and 90% to 97% of your ongoing 
expenditures will be directed to purchase products and services that will be restricted by us in some 
manner. Except as disclosed above, we do not currently receive or derive revenue or other material 
consideration from vendors as a result of purchases or leases we require franchisees to make. 
Alternative Products, Services and Suppliers 
If you propose to purchase any products or services that we have not approved, or from 
any supplier that we have not approved, you must first notify us in writing. You must also submit 
to us sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings and other information or samples for us to 
determine whether the proposed products or services comply with our System Standards, and/or 
the proposed supplier meets our approved supplier criteria. Approval is conditioned on you 
demonstrating that the alternate supplier (i) sells a product meeting our specifications and quality 
standards; (ii) can meet the quantity demands of our restaurants located within your trading area; 
and (iii) is in good standing in the business community regarding the reliability of its products, 
materials, or services. We will notify you of our approval or disapproval of all proposed products, 
services or suppliers in writing to you within a reasonable time, typically within 60 days after 
receipt of the information from you or from the proposed supplier. If we have not notified you in 
writing of our approval by the end of the 60 days, the request is deemed to be denied. We may 
charge you a fee (estimated to be up to $250) for testing and evaluating suppliers or products and 
services. We may also impose limits on the number of suppliers, products and services that we are 
willing to review. We maintain a list of criteria for reviewing and approving products, services and 
suppliers; however, we do not issue these criteria to you and may deny approval of any supplier in 
our sole discretion. We may periodically re-inspect any approved products or services, or the 
facilities and products and services of any approved supplier and revoke our approval if such 
product, service or supplier does not continue to meet any of our criteria. 
Insurance 
You must maintain in force at your sole expense insurance policies for each Restaurant as 
required under applicable law and in minimum types and amounts of coverage we periodically 
require. Currently, our requirements include property insurance (including contents at replacement 
cost value and loss of business income inclusive of one years’ worth of net-operating income), 
crime insurance (including employee dishonesty) with a limit not less than $100,000, liquor 
