1 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. I – Reps. and Ack. Statement 
1167.001.012/419823 
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT STATEMENT 
 
DO NOT SIGN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN, YOUR FRANCHISED 
BUSINESS WILL BE LOCATED IN, OR THE FRANCHISE GRANTED IS SUBJECT TO THE 
FRANCHISE REGISTRATION OR DISCLOSURE LAWS IN: CALIFORNIA, ILLINOIS, 
WASHINGTON, OR WISCONSIN. 
The purpose of this Statement is to demonstrate to We Are Crackin’ LLC (“Franchisor”) that the person(s) 
signing below (“I,” “me” or “my”), whether acting individually or on behalf of any legal entity established 
to acquire the franchise rights, (a) fully understands that the purchase of an Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  
Dinner®, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas®, or Egg N’ Joe® franchise is a significant long-
term commitment, complete with its associated risks, and (b) is not relying on any statements, 
representations, promises or assurances that are not specifically set forth in Franchisor’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document and Exhibits (collectively, the “FDD”) in deciding to purchase the franchise. 
In that regard, I represent to Franchisor and acknowledge that: 
I understand that buying a franchise is not a guarantee of success.  Purchasing or 
establishing any business is risky, and the success or failure of the franchise is subject to 
many variables such as my skills and abilities (and those of my partners, officers, 
employees), the time my associates and I devote to the business, competition, interest 
rates, the economy, inflation, operation costs, location, lease terms, the market place 
generally and other economic and business factors.  I am aware of and am willing to 
undertake these business risks. I understand that the success or failure of my business will 
depend primarily upon my efforts and not those of Franchisor. 
INITIAL: 
I received a copy of the FDD, including the Franchise Agreement at least 14 calendar 
days before I executed the Franchise Agreement.  I understand that all of my rights and 
responsibilities and those of Franchisor in connection with the franchise are set forth in 
these documents and only in these documents.  I acknowledge that I have had the 
opportunity to personally and carefully review these documents and have, in fact, done 
so.  I have been advised to have professionals (such as lawyers and accountants) review 
the documents for me and to have them help me understand these documents.   
INITIAL: 
Neither the Franchisor nor any of its officers, employees or agents (including any 
franchise broker) has made a statement, promise or assurance to me concerning any 
matter related to the franchise (including those regarding advertising, marketing, training, 
support service or assistance provided by Franchisor) that is contrary to, or different from, 
the information contained in the FDD. 
INITIAL: 
My decision to purchase the franchise has not been influenced by any oral 
representations, assurances, warranties, guarantees or promises whatsoever made by the 
Franchisor or any of its officers, employees or agents (including any franchise broker), 
including as to the likelihood of success of the franchise. 
INITIAL: 
I have made my own independent determination as to whether I have the capital necessary 
to fund the business and my living expenses, particularly during the start-up phase. 
INITIAL: 
