 
 
 
19 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
(2) 
our relationship with you; or 
(3) 
the scope or validity of this Agreement or any other agreement between you 
(or any of your owners) and us (or any of our affiliates) or any provision of any of such 
agreements (including the validity and scope of the arbitration provision under this Section 
9.A, which we and you acknowledge is to be determined by an arbitrator, not a court), 
must be submitted for binding arbitration, on demand of either party, to the American Arbitration 
Association (“AAA”).  The arbitration proceedings will be conducted by one arbitrator and, except 
as this Section otherwise provides, according to the AAA’s then-current Commercial Arbitration 
Rules.  All proceedings will be conducted at a suitable location chosen by the arbitrator that is 
within 50 miles of our or, as applicable, our successor’s or assign’s then-current principal place of 
business (currently, Eugene, Oregon).  All matters relating to arbitration will be governed by the 
Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.).  The interim and final awards of the arbitrator shall 
be final and binding upon each party, and judgment upon the arbitrator’s awards may be entered 
in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
The arbitrator has the right to award or include in his or her awards any relief which he or 
she deems proper, including, without limitation, money damages, pre- and post-award interest, 
interim costs and attorneys’ fees, specific performance, and injunctive relief, provided that the 
arbitrator may not declare any of the trademarks owned by us or our affiliates generic or otherwise 
invalid, or award any punitive or exemplary damages against any party to the arbitration 
proceeding (we and you hereby waiving to the fullest extent permitted by law, any such right to or 
claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against any party to the arbitration proceeding).  In 
any arbitration brought pursuant to this arbitration provision, and in any action in which a party 
seeks to enforce compliance with this arbitration provision, the prevailing party shall be awarded 
its costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection therewith. 
We and you agree to be bound by the provisions of any applicable contractual or statutory 
limitations provision, whichever expires earlier.  We and you further agree that, in any arbitration 
proceeding, each party must submit or file any claim which would constitute a compulsory 
counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same 
proceeding.   Any claim which is not submitted or filed as required will be forever barred.  The 
arbitrator may not consider any settlement discussions or offers that might have been made by 
either you or us.   
We and you agree that arbitration will be conducted on an individual basis and that an 
arbitration proceeding between us and any of our affiliates, or our and their respective owners, 
officers, directors, managers, agents, representatives and employees, on the one hand, and you (or 
your owners, guarantors, affiliates, and employees), on the other hand, may not be: (i) conducted 
on a class-wide basis; (ii) commenced, conducted or consolidated with any other arbitration 
proceeding; (iii) joined with any separate claim of an unaffiliated third-party; or (iv) brought on 
your behalf by any association or agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any court or arbitrator 
determines that all or any part of the preceding sentence is unenforceable with respect to a dispute, 
controversy or claim that otherwise would be subject to arbitration under this Section, then all 
parties agree that this arbitration clause shall not apply to that dispute, controversy or claim and 
