 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
35 
 
 
WOB has also submitted applications to register the following Mark with the USPTO: 
Mark 
Serial Number 
Application Date 
MADE FROM SCRATCH MEMORIES 
98/567,363 
May 24, 2024 
All required renewals and affidavits of use have been filed in a timely manner. 
We may establish new Marks in the future and you must use and display these marks in 
accordance with our System Standards and bear all costs associated with changes to Marks or 
introduction of new Marks. You must follow our rules when you use these Marks. You must use 
the Marks as we require and may only use the Marks for the designated brand concept identified 
in the Franchise Agreement for a particular Restaurant. You may not use any of the Marks as part 
of your firm or corporate name or with modifying words, designs or symbols except with our 
consent which we may withhold in our absolute discretion. You may not use the Marks in the sale 
of unauthorized products or services or in any manner we do not authorize in writing. You may 
not use the Marks in any advertising for the transfer, sale or other disposition of the Restaurant or 
any interest in the franchise. You may not use any other mark, name, commercial symbol or 
logotype in connection with the operation of the Restaurant. You may not use any Mark as part of 
any Online Presence, except in accordance with our guidelines set forth in the Operations Manuals 
or otherwise in writing from time to time. 
There is presently no effective determination of the PTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal 
Board, the trademark administrator of any state, or any court, nor any pending infringement, 
opposition or cancellation proceeding or any pending material litigation involving our principal 
trademarks, service marks, trade names, logo-types or other commercial symbols.   
You must not contest, directly or indirectly, our ownership of the Marks, trade secrets, 
methods and procedures that are a part of the Franchise System. You must not register, seek to 
register or contest our sole right to register, use and license others to use the Marks, names, 
information and symbols. 
Any goodwill associated with Marks, including any goodwill which might be deemed to 
have arisen through your activities, inures directly and exclusively to our and our affiliates’ benefit. 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or 
license the use of any trademarks, service marks, trade names, logo-types or other commercial 
symbols.  
You must notify us immediately in writing of any apparent infringement of or challenge to 
your use of any Mark, or claim by any person of any rights in any Mark or any similar trade name, 
trademark or service mark of which you become aware. You may not communicate with any 
person other than us and our counsel regarding any infringement, challenge or claim. We have sole 
discretion to take any action we deem appropriate and we have the right to exclusively control any 
litigation, PTO proceeding or other administrative proceeding arising out of any infringement, 
challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any Mark. You must execute all documents, render 
assistance and do such things as we deem or our counsel deems advisable to protect and maintain 
our interests. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, we agree to reimburse you for all damages for which you 
are held liable in any proceeding in which your use of any Mark in compliance with the Franchise 
Agreement is held to constitute trademark infringement, unfair competition or dilution, and for all 
reasonable costs you incur in the defense of any claim brought against you or in any proceeding in 
which you are named as a party, only if you have timely notified us of the claim or proceeding and 
