 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
7 
 
 
(2) 
you have obtained all applicable licenses and permits, including, without 
limitation, a liquor license; 
(3) 
you have complied with all your development obligations specified in Section 2.C; 
(4) 
your Designated Managers (as defined in Section 4.A) complete training to our 
satisfaction; 
(5) 
you pay the initial franchise fee and other amounts then due to us; and 
(6) 
you give us certificates for all required insurance policies. 
Subject to your compliance with these conditions, you agree to open your Restaurant for business 
within 18 months after you sign a lease for the Premises or by the two-year anniversary of the Effective 
Date, whichever occurs first. 
3. 
FEES. 
A. 
Initial Fees.  You agree to pay us a nonrecurring and, except as specifically provided in 
this Agreement, nonrefundable initial franchise fee of $40,000. If you are purchasing an existing Restaurant 
in connection with the execution of this Agreement, you are not required to pay the initial franchise fee, 
provided that you or the seller of the Restaurant pay the transfer fee required under the seller’s franchise 
agreement. You acknowledge that the initial franchise fee is due, and fully earned by us, when you sign this 
Agreement and not refundable to you after it is paid. 
B. 
Royalty Fee.   You agree to pay us on or before Wednesday of each week, in the manner 
provided below (or as the Operations Manual otherwise prescribes), a weekly royalty fee (the “Royalty”) 
equal to four percent (4%) of the Gross Sales derived during the preceding week (beginning on Monday 
and ending on Sunday). 
C. 
Definition of “Gross Sales”.   As used in this Agreement, the term “Gross Sales” means 
all revenue that you derive from operating your Restaurant (whether or not in compliance with this 
Agreement), including the commissions received by you from the lottery games sold at your Restaurant, 
whether from cash, check, credit and debit card, barter exchange, trade credit, or other credit transactions, 
but (1) excluding all federal, state, or municipal sales, use, or service taxes collected from customers and 
paid to the appropriate taxing authority and (2) reduced by the amount of any documented refunds, credits 
and discounts up to 5% of the Gross Sales your Restaurant in good faith gives to customers and your 
employees. We include gift certificate, gift card or similar program payments in Gross Sales when the gift 
certificate, gift card, other instrument or applicable credit is redeemed. Gross Sales also include all 
insurance proceeds you receive for loss of business due to a casualty to or similar event at the Restaurant.   
D. 
Interest on Late Payments.   All amounts which you owe us for any reason will bear 
interest accruing as of their due date at the rate specified by us from time to time, or the highest commercial 
contract interest rate the law allows, but in no event shall such rate exceed 18% per annum. Interest shall 
accrue on all late payments regardless of whether we exercise our right to terminate this Agreement as 
allowed by this Agreement. We may charge you One Hundred Dollars ($100) late payment fee for all such 
overdue payments. We will charge a service fee of One Hundred Dollars ($100) per occurrence for checks 
returned to us due to insufficient funds or in the event there are insufficient funds in the business account 
you designate to cover our withdrawals. We may debit your bank account automatically for the service 
charge and interest. You acknowledge that this Section 3.D is not our agreement to accept any payments 
