 
 
 
17 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
C. 
COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE.   
(1) 
Non-Competition.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you 
and your owners agree that, for 2 years beginning on the effective date of termination or 
expiration or the date on which all persons restricted by this Section 7.C begin to comply 
with this Section 7.C, whichever is later, neither you nor your Affiliates, nor any of your 
or their owners (or your or their immediate family members) will have any direct or indirect 
interest as an owner (whether of record or beneficially), investor, partner, director, officer, 
employee, lessor, consultant, representative, or agent in any Competitive Business (as 
defined in Section 5 above) located or operating: 
(a) 
within the Development Area; and 
(b) 
within a 5-mile radius of any Restaurant in operation or under 
construction on the later of the effective date of the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement or the date on which all persons restricted by this Section 7.C begin to 
comply with this Section 7.C. 
These restrictions also apply after transfers to the transferors, as provided further in 
the Consent to Transfer.  If any person restricted by this Section 7.C refuses voluntarily to 
comply with these obligations, the 2-year period for that person will commence with the 
entry of a court order enforcing this provision.  You expressly acknowledge that you, your 
Affiliates, your and their owners and the immediate family members of each possess skills 
and abilities of a general nature and have other opportunities for exploiting these skills.  
Consequently, our enforcing the covenants made in this Section 7.C will not deprive you 
or them of any personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. 
(2) 
Non-Interference.  You further agree that, for two years beginning on the 
effective date of termination or expiration, neither you nor any of your owners, your or 
your owners’ Affiliates, or the officers, directors, managers or immediate family members 
of any of the foregoing, will: 
(a) 
interfere or attempt to interfere with our or our affiliates’ 
relationships with any vendors or consultants; 
(b) 
divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business, sites or 
customers of any Restaurants to a Competitive Business; or 
(c) 
engage in any other activity which might injure the goodwill of the 
Marks and/or the Franchise System. 
D. 
SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS.   
Notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason 
whatsoever, or any Sale, all covenants and agreements to be performed or observed by you will 
survive any such termination, expiration or Sale. 
