 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
23 
 
 
advertising, promotion, and marketing materials, and collecting and accounting for Brand Promotion Fund 
contributions. 
We do not owe any fiduciary obligation to you for administering the Brand Promotion Fund or any 
other reason.  We will hold all Brand Promotion Fund contributions for the benefit of the contributors and 
use contributions for the purposes described in this Section 9.B.  The Brand Promotion Fund may spend in 
any fiscal year more or less than the total Brand Promotion Fund contributions in that year, borrow from us 
or others (paying reasonable interest) to cover deficits, or invest any surplus for future use.  We may use all 
interest earned on the Brand Promotion Fund contributions to pay costs before using the Brand Promotion 
Fund’s other assets.  We will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of Brand Promotion Fund collections 
and expenses and give you a copy of the statement upon your written request to us.  We may have the Brand 
Promotion Fund audited annually, at the Brand Promotion Fund’s expense, by an independent certified 
public accountant.  We may incorporate the Brand Promotion Fund or operate it through a separate entity 
whenever we deem appropriate.  The successor entity will have all of the rights and duties specified in this 
Section 9.B. 
We intend for the Brand Promotion Fund to promote recognition of the Marks, patronage of 
Restaurants contributing to the Brand Promotion Fund and each Designated Brand Concept generally.  We 
need not ensure that Brand Promotion Fund expenditures in or affecting any geographic area are 
proportionate or equivalent to Brand Promotion Fund contributions by Restaurants operating in that 
geographic area or that any Restaurant benefits directly or in proportion to its Brand Promotion Fund 
contribution from the development of advertising and marketing materials or the placement of advertising 
and marketing.  We have the right, but no obligation, to use collection agents and institute legal proceedings 
to collect Brand Promotion Fund contributions at the Brand Promotion Fund’s expense.  We also may 
forgive, waive, settle, and compromise all claims by or against the Brand Promotion Fund.  Except as 
expressly provided in this Section 9.B, we assume no direct or indirect liability or obligation to you for 
collecting amounts due to, maintaining, directing, or administering the Brand Promotion Fund. 
We reserve the right to separate the Brand Promotion Fund so that we maintain and administer a 
separate Brand Promotion Fund for each Designated Brand Concept, or any combination of Designated 
Brand Concepts.  We may at any time defer or reduce contributions of a Restaurant franchise owner and, 
upon 30 days’ prior notice to you, reduce or suspend Brand Promotion Fund contributions and operations 
for one or more periods of any length and terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Brand Promotion 
Fund.  If we terminate the Brand Promotion Fund, we will, at our option, either spend all unspent monies 
in accordance with this Section, until such amounts are exhausted, or distribute the funds in the Brand 
Promotion Fund to the contributing Restaurant owners on a pro rata basis. 
C. 
Local Marketing Expenditures.   In addition to your obligations under Section 9.A and 
Section 9.B above, you agree to spend money, as required in this Section 9.C, to promote your Restaurant.  
You agree to list and advertise your Restaurant on any Online Presence we require, as set forth in the 
Operations Manual or otherwise in writing and, at our direction, in at least one recommended classified 
telephone directory distributed within the market area of your Restaurant (in the business classifications we 
prescribe from time to time) and to use the form of classified telephone directory advertisement approved 
by us. Currently, we manage the listing of all Restaurants on major internet search engines and consumer 
review websites; therefore, you acknowledge and agree that you will not advertise your Restaurant on any 
internet search engines (for example, Google Local and CitySearch) or any internet consumer review 
websites (for example, Yelp, TripAdvisor or Urban Spoon) unless expressly directed by us to do so. If other 
Restaurants are located within the directory’s distribution area, we may require you to participate in a 
collective advertisement with those other Restaurants and to pay your share of that collective advertisement.  
After you complete your grand opening advertising obligations in Section 9.A above, we require you to 
spend one percent (1%) of Gross Sales each calendar quarter to advertise and promote your Restaurant.  If 
