 
3 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. K – State Pages 
1167.001.012/419825 
Agreement and Area Development Agreement restricting venue to a forum outside 
the State of California. 
 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require you to sign a 
general release of claims upon renewal or transfer of the Franchise Agreement or 
Area Development Agreement.  California Corporations Code Section 31512 
provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person 
acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any 
rule or order thereunder is void.  Section 31512 might void a waiver of your rights 
under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 31000 
– 31516).  Business and Professions Code Section 20010 might void a waiver of 
your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code 
Sections 20000 – 20043). 
 
Section 31512.1 of the California Corporations Code requires that any provision of 
the Franchise Agreement, Disclosure Document, acknowledgement, questionnaire, 
or other writing, including any exhibit thereto, disclaiming or denying any of the 
following shall be deemed contrary to public policy and shall be void and 
unenforceable: (a)  representations made by the franchisor or its personnel or agents 
to a prospective franchisee; (b) reliance by a franchisee on any representations 
made by the franchisor or its personnel or agents; (c) reliance by a franchisee on 
the franchise disclosure document, including any exhibit thereto; or (d) violations 
of any provision of this division. 
 
8. The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 19: 
 
The earnings claims figures do not reflect the costs of sales, operating expenses or 
other costs or expenses that must be deducted from gross revenue or gross sales 
figures to obtain your net income or profit.  You should conduct an independent 
investigation of the costs and expenses you will incur in operating your Elmer’s 
Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner® Restaurant, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  
Mimosas® Restaurant, or Egg N’ Joe® Restaurant.  Franchisees or former 
franchisees listed in the Franchise Disclosure Document may be one source of this 
information. 
 
ILLINOIS 
 
1. 
The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17: 
 
Except for the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and other federal laws in the U.S., the laws of 
the State of Illinois apply. 
 
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in a 
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State 
of Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place 
outside of Illinois. 
