 
 
 
11 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
C. 
COVENANTS FROM OTHERS.   
You must require all employees performing managerial or supervisory functions and all 
employees receiving training from us to execute non-disclosure covenants similar to those set out 
in this Section 5, in the form supplied or approved by us.  Contemporaneously with signing this 
Agreement, you must deliver to us, properly executed non-disclosure and non-competition 
covenants similar to those as set out in this Section 5, in the form supplied or approved by us, from 
all of your partners, directors, officers, owners and Affiliates and from all partners, directors, 
officers, members and shareholders of such Affiliates who, in each case, are not a party to this 
Agreement or who have not signed the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached hereto 
as Exhibit C.  In addition, you must cause each new Affiliate of yours and each new partner, 
director, officer, member and shareholder of yours and such Affiliates to deliver to us properly 
executed non-disclosure and non-competition covenants similar to those set out in this Section 5 
immediately upon their becoming a shareholder, member or partner, or upon their appointment or 
election as a director or officer, of you or such Affiliate. 
6. 
TRANSFER.   
A. 
SALE OR ENCUMBRANCE.   
You acknowledge that we have granted you the rights pursuant to this Agreement based 
upon, among other things, the character, background and other qualifications and abilities personal 
to you or, if applicable, your owners.  Accordingly, you agree that this Agreement, ownership 
interests in you or, any interests in this Agreement, the Development Rights or all or any part of 
the business operated under this Agreement will not be sold, assigned, donated or otherwise 
transferred, including as a result of death (each a “Sale”), to any person or Entity (hereinafter 
referred to specifically in this Section 6 as the “Recipient”) without our prior written consent.  You 
further agree that you will not enter into any proposed mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, 
encumbrance or giving of a security interest in or which affects the Development Rights and your 
other rights under this Agreement (a “Security Interest”) without our prior written consent.  The 
Development Rights may not be transferred separate and apart from the entirety of this Agreement, 
and a proposed transfer of this Agreement may not be made separately from or independently of a 
transfer to the same Recipient of all of the Franchise Agreements (and the Restaurants operated 
pursuant thereto) executed pursuant to this Agreement. 
If you intend to list your Restaurants or your rights under this Agreement for Sale with any 
broker or agent, you shall do so only after obtaining our written approval of the broker or agent 
and of the listing agreement.  You may not use or authorize the use of any Mark in advertising any 
prospective Sale nor may you use or authorize the use of, and no third party shall on your behalf 
use, any written materials to advertise or promote the Sale without our prior written approval of 
such materials. 
Our approval of a transfer of ownership interests in you as a result of the death or incapacity 
of the proposed transferor will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed so long as at least one of 
the Managing Owners designated on Exhibit A continues to be the designated Managing Owner.  
If, as a result of the death or incapacity of the transferor, a transfer is proposed to be made to the 
transferor’s spouse, and if we do not approve the transfer, the trustee or administrator of the 
transferor’s estate will have nine months after our refusal to consent to the transfer to the 
