 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
17 
 
 
liability in the amount not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence, employment practice liability 
insurance with a limit not less than $1,000,000, cyber liability with coverage of not less than 
$250,000 per occurrence, food borne illness in the amount not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence, 
auto liability coverage including owned, non-owned and hired vehicles for combined single limits 
of bodily injury and property damage of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence, and reputation 
restoration insurance. You also must maintain workers’ compensation insurance for your 
employees in accordance with laws applicable in the state in which the Restaurant is operated. 
We may periodically change the amounts of coverage required under these insurance 
policies or require different or additional insurance coverages (including reasonable excess 
liability insurance) at any time to reflect inflation, identification of new risks, changes in law or 
standards of liability, higher damage awards or other relevant changes in circumstances. You must 
provide us with a certificate of insurance naming us and our designated affiliates and our and their 
respective principals, officers, directors, managers, owners, employees, agents, representatives and 
independent contractors as additional insureds, using a form of endorsement that we have 
approved, and providing us with 30 days prior written notice of material changes to or cancellation 
or expiration of all policies. Your insurance policies must contain a waiver of subrogation in favor 
of the additional insureds and provide primary coverage with any insurance policies we and our 
affiliates maintain being non-contributory. You routinely must furnish us copies of your Certificate 
of Insurance or other evidence of your maintaining this insurance coverage and paying premiums. 
Purchase Arrangements, Material Benefits and Revenue  
In some cases, we or our affiliates will negotiate purchase arrangements, including prices 
and terms, with designated and approved suppliers on behalf of Restaurants.  Currently, we have 
negotiated purchase arrangements, including pricing terms, with our designated suppliers of 
certain stationery, signage, food, beverage, and other operating supplies. Additionally, you must 
purchase coffee and tea from our designated vendor; that vendor will provide coffee and tea 
brewing equipment and equipment maintenance services at no additional cost to you. You must 
also purchase soft-drink supplies from our designated vendor; that vendor will provide a soft-drink 
dispenser and up to three maintenance calls per year at no additional cost to you.  Also, if you 
purchase waffle mix from a particular approved vendor, that vendor will provide you with the 
waffle irons and maintenance services at no additional charge to you. 
We or our affiliates may derive revenue or other material consideration from direct 
purchases or leases by our franchisees. During fiscal year 2024, we did not derive any revenue 
from franchisee purchases. However, during fiscal year 2024 ERI received $23,284.18 from 
franchisee purchases of certain inventory and supplies, all of which ERI paid to the vendor of such 
inventory and supplies. 
We or our affiliates may also derive revenue or other material consideration from approved 
suppliers based on purchases made by us, our affiliates or our franchisees of the supplier’s products 
or services (e.g. rebates).  The basis for rebates and contributions paid to us or our affiliates will 
depend on the type of product or service supplied, but currently they include: a flat rate 
contribution of $500 to $20,000 from certain vendors; $0.13 to $4.65 per gallon on certain 
beverages; $0.025 to $0.04 per pound on certain food items; $0.18 to $4.00 per case on certain 
food items; $0.03 per dozen eggs from a certain vendor; 1.5% of sales on certain dairy products; 
and $0.40 to $5.70 per case on certain paper and disposable items. Currently, all such rebates and 
contributions are directed to either the annual conference fund or the Brand Promotion Fund, 
though we may retain them in the future.  During our 2024 fiscal year, we received $93,847.91 
from approved vendors based on purchases made by us, our affiliates and our franchisees, all of 
