 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. C - Franchise Agreement 
1167.001.012/419817 
42 
 
 
We and you will not waive or impair any right, power, or option this Agreement reserves (including 
our right to demand exact compliance with every term, condition, and covenant or to declare any breach to 
be a default and to terminate this Agreement before its term expires) because of any custom or practice at 
variance with this Agreement’s terms; our or your failure, refusal, or neglect to exercise any right under 
this Agreement or to insist upon the other’s compliance with this Agreement, including any System 
Standard; our waiver of or failure to exercise any right, power, or option, whether of the same, similar, or 
different nature, with other Restaurants; the existence of franchise agreements for other Restaurants which 
contain provisions different from those contained in this Agreement; or our acceptance of any payments 
due from you after any breach of this Agreement. No special or restrictive legend or endorsement on any 
check or similar item given to us will be a waiver, compromise, settlement, or accord and satisfaction.  We 
are authorized to remove any legend or endorsement, which then will have no effect. 
The following provision applies if you or the franchise granted hereby are subject to the franchise 
registration or disclosure laws in California, Illinois, Washington, or Wisconsin: No statement, 
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the 
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.  
 
D. 
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees.   If either party initiates an arbitration, judicial or other 
proceeding, the prevailing party will be entitled to reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees 
incurred in connection with such judicial or other proceeding). 
E. 
You May Not Withhold Payments Due to Us.   You agree that you will not withhold 
payment of any amounts owed to us on the grounds of our alleged nonperformance of any of our obligations 
under this Agreement or for any other reason, and you specifically waive any right you may have at law or 
in equity to offset any funds you may owe us or to fail or refuse to perform any of your obligations under 
this Agreement. 
F. 
Rights of Parties are Cumulative.   Our and your rights under this Agreement are 
cumulative, and our or your exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will not 
preclude our or your exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy which we or you are entitled by 
law to enforce. 
G. 
Arbitration.   We and you agree that all controversies, disputes, or claims between us or 
any of our affiliates, and our and their respective owners, officers, directors, agents, representatives and 
employees, on the one hand, and you (and your owners, guarantors, affiliates, and employees), on the other 
hand, arising out of or related to: 
(1) 
this Agreement or any other agreement between you (or your owners) and us (or 
our affiliates); 
(2) 
our relationship with you;  
(3) 
the scope or validity of this Agreement or any other agreement between you (or 
your owners) and us (or our affiliates) or any provision of any of such agreements (including the 
validity and scope of the arbitration obligation under this Section 17.G, which we and you 
acknowledge is to be determined by an arbitrator, not a court); or 
(4) 
any System Standard, 
