We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
 
To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (this “Disclosure 
Document”), we use the terms “Franchisor” or “we” to refer to We Are Crackin’ LLC. When we 
refer to our affiliates, we will refer to them using the names outlined below.  “You” means the 
person or entity that buys the franchise.  If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company or other entity, certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement (defined below), Area 
Development Agreement (defined below) and related agreements will also apply to your owners. 
The Franchisor 
The Franchisor is We Are Crackin’ LLC.  Our principal business address is 363 High 
Street, Eugene, Oregon 97401, (503) 252-1485. However, some support services may be 
conducted from 1111 Main Street, Suite 400, Vancouver, Washington 98660. We do business 
under our corporate name and as “Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner,” “Elmer’s,” “Elmer’s 
Kitchen,” and “Egg N’ Joe.”  We do not conduct business under any other name.  We are a limited 
liability company originally formed in the State of Oregon on December 29, 2016, and we began 
offering franchises of the type described in this Disclosure Document as of June 2018. 
Agents for Service of Process 
Our agent for service of process in our jurisdiction of organization (Oregon) is Elmer’s 
Restaurants, Inc., 363 High Street, Eugene, Oregon 97401.  Please see Exhibit A to this Disclosure 
Document for a list of the names and addresses of our agents for service of process in certain other 
states. 
Our Parent, Predecessor and Affiliates 
Our parent is Elmer’s Restaurants, Inc. (“ERI”). ERI shares our principal business address. 
ERI has operated Elmer’s Restaurants since 1960 and as of December 29, 2024 operates 13 
Elmer’s Restaurants, three Egg N’ Joe Restaurants, and two Elmer’s Kitchens. 
Our affiliate, Elmer’s Franchise Systems, Inc. (“EFS”), shares our principal business 
address. EFS previously offered franchises for Elmer’s Restaurants from August 1982 to 
December 2011. On December 31, 2017, EFS transferred substantially all of its operating assets 
related to the Elmer’s franchise system, including the franchise agreements, to us. As of December 
31, 2017, we began acting as the franchisor for the Elmer’s franchise system. 
Our affiliate, We Own Breakfast, LLC (“WOB”), shares our principal business address. 
WOB owns the Marks (defined below) and has licensed us to use and sublicense the use of the 
Marks. 
We have no other parents, predecessors or affiliates offering franchises in any line of 
business or providing products or services to franchisees. 
Our Prior Experience 
ERI and EFS developed, and we will continue to develop and operate using, certain 
specified and distinct business formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs, layouts, standards, 
specifications and marks (the “Franchise System”) for the establishment, development and 
operation of restaurants featuring breakfast, lunch and dinner food items, beverages and other 
products and services under the Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner® trademark and related 
trademarks, service marks and trade names (“Elmer’s Restaurants”), restaurants featuring 
breakfast and brunch food items, mimosas, beverages and other products and services under the 
