 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
24 
 
 
Promotion Fund may spend in any fiscal year more or less than the total Brand Promotion Fund 
contributions in that year, borrow from us or others (paying reasonable interest) to cover 
deficits, or invest any surplus for future use. If any Brand Promotion Fund contributions are 
not spent in any fiscal year, such funds will be retained by the Brand Promotion Fund for future 
use. We will use all interest earned on the Brand Promotion Fund contributions to pay costs 
before using the Brand Promotion Fund’s other assets. 
The Brand Promotion Fund is audited annually by an independent certified public 
accountant as part of the audit of our financial statements, which are attached to this disclosure 
document. We may incorporate the Brand Promotion Fund or operate it through a separate 
entity whenever we deem appropriate, and such entity may elect not to audit the Brand 
Promotion Fund.  
We intend for the Brand Promotion Fund to promote recognition of the Marks, the 
Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner, Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  Mimosas, and Egg 
N’ Joe brands, and patronage of Restaurants generally. Although we will try to use the Brand 
Promotion Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs, and to place 
advertising and marketing, that will benefit all Restaurants contributing to the Brand Promotion 
Fund, we need not ensure that Brand Promotion Fund expenditures in or affecting any 
geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to Brand Promotion Fund contributions by 
Restaurants operating in that geographic area or that any Restaurant benefits directly or in 
proportion to its Brand Promotion Fund contribution from the development of advertising and 
marketing materials or the placement of advertising and marketing. We have the right, but no 
obligation, to use collection agents and institute legal proceedings to collect Brand Promotion 
Fund contributions at the Brand Promotion Fund’s expense. We also may forgive, waive, settle, 
and compromise all claims by or against the Brand Promotion Fund. Except as provided in the 
Franchise Agreement, we assume no direct or indirect liability or obligation to you for 
collecting amounts due to, maintaining, directing, or administering the Brand Promotion Fund. 
We reserve the right to separate the Brand Promotion Fund to maintain separate Brand 
Promotion Funds for Elmer’s Restaurants, Elmer’s Kitchens, and Egg N’ Joe Restaurants, or 
any combination of the brands. We may at any time defer or reduce contributions of a 
Restaurant franchise owner and, upon 30 days’ prior notice to you, reduce or suspend Brand 
Promotion Fund contributions and operations for one or more periods of any length and 
terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Brand Promotion Fund. If we terminate the Brand 
Promotion Fund, we may either spend all unspent monies in accordance with our then-current 
marketing policies, until such amounts are exhausted, or distribute the funds in the Brand 
Promotion Fund to the contributing Restaurant owners on a pro rata basis. At the end of each 
fiscal year, all unspent amounts in the Brand Promotion Fund will carry-over to be used for 
the subsequent years. 
B. Cooperative Advertising 
We do not currently require cooperative advertising, though we reserve the right to 
require such advertising in the future. 
C. Other Advertising Obligations 
If other Restaurants are located within the directory’s distribution area, we may require 
you to participate in a collective advertisement with those other Restaurants and to pay your 
share of that collective advertisement. We reserve the right to require that you spend, beginning 
after you complete your grand opening advertising obligations discussed below, up to 1% of 
