 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex. D – Consent to Transfer 
1167.001.012/419818 
AGREEMENT AND CONDITIONAL CONSENT TO TRANSFER 
 
Location: 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND CONDITIONAL CONSENT TO TRANSFER (“Consent”) is 
made by and among WE ARE CRACKIN’ LLC, an Oregon limited liability company  (“Franchisor”);  
 
 
 
 
 (“Seller”);  
 
 
 
 (“Seller Guarantor”); and  
 
 
 
 
 
(“Buyer”), effective as of the Effective Date (defined below).  All 
terms capitalized in this Consent and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Seller Franchise Agreement (defined below) or the Buyer Franchise Agreement (defined below), as 
the case may be. 
 
Recitals 
 
A. 
Seller is the franchisee under that certain franchise agreement dated  
 
, as it 
may have been subsequently amended (the “Seller Franchise Agreement”), governing the ownership and 
operation of the [Elmer’s Breakfast  Lunch  Dinner® Restaurant] [Elmer’s Kitchen Breakfast  Brunch  
Mimosas® Restaurant] [Egg N’ Joe® Restaurant] located at  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (the “Restaurant”). 
B. 
Seller Guarantor personally guaranteed all of the obligations of Seller under the Seller 
Franchise Agreement. 
C. 
Seller has notified Franchisor that it and Buyer have entered into a purchase and sale 
agreement dated  
 
 
 
 (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which Seller 
has agreed to sell, and Buyer has agreed to purchase, all of the rights, obligations and assets relating to the 
Restaurant (the “Interests”). 
D. 
Buyer has also agreed to (1) assume the lease obligations for the Restaurant premises, and 
(2) enter into Franchisor’s current form of franchise agreement (the “Buyer Franchise Agreement”) (the 
transfer of Interests under the Purchase Agreement, the assumption by Buyer of the Restaurant’s lease 
obligations and the execution of the Buyer Franchise Agreement, collectively referred to as the 
“Transfer”). 
E. 
Franchisor has agreed not to exercise its right of first refusal as set forth in the Seller 
Franchise Agreement and has agreed to approve the Transfer of the Restaurant in accordance with the terms, 
and subject to the conditions, set forth in this Consent. 
Agreement 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing recitals, which are incorporated 
herein, the mutual covenants contained herein and other valuable consideration, receipt and sufficiency of 
which are acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Effective Date.  The “Effective Date” will be the date on which Franchisor signs this 
Consent acknowledging its consent to the proposed Transfer, which date shall be consistent with the 
effective date of the Buyer Franchise Agreement. 
 
2. 
Purchase Agreement.  Seller and Buyer represent and warrant that the form of Purchase 
Agreement provided to Franchisor is the final version of the Purchase Agreement and is the version which 
