 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
1167.001.012/419827 
22 
 
 
Opening of Your Restaurant 
You must obtain and maintain a site acceptable to us for your Restaurant. If you have 
signed an Area Development Agreement, the site must be located in the Development Area that 
you and we have agreed on and described in the Area Development Agreement.   
We will approve or disapprove your proposed sites based on our then-current criteria, 
including factors such as business count, traffic count, accessibility, parking, visibility, 
competition and liquor license availability. When you have given us all the necessary information 
on the site you have selected, we generally will approve or disapprove the site within 30 days. You 
must secure possession of the site by signing a lease or other possession agreement, and we 
recommend that you retain an attorney to assist you with that process. You may not sign a lease 
without our approval.   
If you do not locate and sign a lease or other possession agreement for an acceptable site 
within 180 days of signing the Franchise Agreement, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement. 
We typically do not own or lease the site where your Restaurant is located. 
Unless you have signed an Area Development Agreement specifying a different opening 
deadline, you must open your Restaurant, by the earlier of (i) 18 months after you sign a lease for 
the premises of your Restaurant, or (ii) 24 months after the date of the Franchise Agreement. If 
you fail to open your Restaurant within this time, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement and 
retain the entire franchise fee. Factors that affect this time include obtaining a satisfactory site, 
financing arrangements, lease negotiations, local ordinances, liquor license, delivery and 
installation of equipment, and renovation of the premises. The typical length of time between 
signing the Franchise Agreement and opening the Restaurant is 12 to 24 months.  
Our Obligations During the Operation of Your Restaurant 
During the operation of your Restaurant, we will: 
1) 
Provide you our System Standards and other suggested standards, specifications and 
procedures for Restaurants (Franchise Agreement – Section 4.B) 
2) 
Advise you of what purchasing is required and what authorized Operating Assets and 
other products and services are required (Franchise Agreement – Section 4.B) 
3) 
Provide you assistance with advertising and marketing materials and programs and 
approve the same (See “Advertising and Promotion” below) (Franchise Agreement – Sections 
4.B and 9) 
4) 
Maintain a website for the promotion of Restaurants (Franchise Agreement – Section 
9.D) 
5) 
Provide you with a list of authorized vendors and suppliers for the products, goods, 
merchandise, supplies, signs, furniture, fixtures, equipment and services (Franchise Agreement 
– Section 8.E) 
6) 
We may periodically set a maximum or minimum price that you may charge for 
products or services offered by your Restaurant (Franchise Agreement – Section 8.H) 
