 
 
 
6 
We Are Crackin’ LLC 
2025 FDD | Ex B – Area Development Agreement 
1167.001.012/419829 
2. 
EXERCISE OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS.   
A. 
PROPOSED SITES FOR RESTAURANTS.   
You agree to give us all information and materials we request to assess each Restaurant 
site that you propose as well as your and your proposed Affiliate’s financial and operational ability 
to develop and operate each proposed Restaurant. We have the absolute right to disapprove any 
site or any Affiliate (a) that does not meet our criteria or (b) if you or your Affiliates are not then 
in compliance with any existing Franchise Agreements executed pursuant to this Agreement or 
operating your or their Restaurants in compliance with the System Standards (as defined in the 
Franchise Agreement).  We agree to use our reasonable efforts to review and approve or disapprove 
the sites you propose within 30 days after we receive all requested information and materials.  If 
we approve a proposed site and a Franchise Agreement has not yet been signed for such site, you 
or your approved Affiliate must sign a separate Franchise Agreement, as described in Section 2.B., 
within 15 days after we provide you with an execution copy of the Franchise Agreement, failing 
which, we may withdraw our approval.   
B. 
EXECUTION OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS.   
Simultaneously with signing this Agreement, you or an Affiliate we approve must sign and 
deliver to us a Franchise Agreement and related documents representing the first Franchise you 
are obligated to acquire under this Agreement.  You or your approved Affiliate must thereafter 
open and operate a Restaurant according to the terms of that Franchise Agreement.  Thereafter, for 
each additional Restaurant, prior to signing a lease or to otherwise securing possession of the site, 
you or an Affiliate we approve must sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and related 
documents, the terms of which, with the exceptions provided hereunder, may differ substantially 
from the terms contained in the Franchise Agreement in effect on the Effective Date, except that 
the Initial Franchise Fee will be $40,000 for each subsequent Franchise Agreement. 
Each Franchise Agreement will govern the development and operation of the Restaurant at 
the approved site identified therein.   
C. 
DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE.   
Exhibit A to this Agreement sets forth the Development Area and the Development 
Schedule. Each period described in the Development Schedule is a “Development Period.”  You 
or your approved Affiliates must deliver to us a fully executed lease (or otherwise secure 
possession of the site), and open and operate Restaurants in the Development Area pursuant to a 
corresponding Franchise Agreement, each as necessary to satisfy the requirements of each 
Development Period, but you shall not be required to open, in total, more than the cumulative 
number of Restaurants shown for the last Development Period.  The Development Schedule is not 
our representation, express or implied, that the Development Area can support, or that there are or 
will be sufficient sites for, the number of Restaurants specified in the Development Schedule (in 
total or the number of Restaurants anticipated to be opened for each brand) or during any particular 
Development Period.  We are relying on your representation that you have conducted your own 
independent investigation and have determined that you can satisfy the development obligations 
under each Development Period of the Development Schedule. 
