HYATT HOTELS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Amounts in millions of dollars, unless otherwise indicated)
1. 
ORGANIZATION
Hyatt Hotels Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries have offerings that consist of full 
service hotels and resorts, select service hotels, all-inclusive resorts, and other properties, including timeshare, fractional, and 
other forms of residential and vacation units. We also offer distribution and destination management services through ALG 
Vacations and distribution services through Mr & Mrs Smith, a boutique and luxury global travel platform. At December 31, 
2024, our hotel portfolio included 1,442 hotels, comprising 347,301 rooms throughout the world, of which 721 hotels are 
located in the United States, comprising 159,829 rooms, and 149 are all-inclusive resorts, comprising 55,708 rooms. At 
December 31, 2024, our portfolio of properties operated in 79 countries around the world. Additionally, we provide certain 
reservation and/or loyalty program services to hotels that are unaffiliated with our hotel portfolio and operate under other trade 
names or marks owned by such hotels or licensed by third parties.
Transaction and Integration Costs—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we presented a new financial statement 
line item to provide enhanced visibility on our consolidated statements of income and reclassified prior-period results for 
comparability. Transaction and integration costs include the following:
•
integration costs, which were previously recognized in integration costs during the three months ended March 31, 2024 
and general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 and 
primarily include expenses incurred related to the integration of recently acquired businesses, including certain 
compensation expenses, professional fees, sales and marketing expenses, and technology expenses;
•
transaction costs for potential transactions, primarily related to professional fees incurred for acquisitions and 
dispositions, which were previously recognized in general and administrative expenses; and 
•
transaction costs for transactions completed during the period, primarily related to professional fees incurred for 
acquisitions, which were previously recognized in other income (loss), net. Transaction costs incurred during the 
period of a completed disposition continue to be recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other.
Segment Realignment—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we realigned our operating and reportable segments 
to align with our business strategy, certain organizational changes within our leadership team, and the manner in which our 
CODM assesses performance and makes decisions regarding the allocation of resources. The segment realignment had no 
impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Prior-period segment results have been recast to reflect 
our new reportable segments. See Note 19 for a summary of our revised reportable segments and summarized consolidated 
financial information by segment.
In conjunction with the segment realignment, certain financial statement line item descriptions were revised within our 
consolidated statements of income. With the exception of the new transaction and integration costs financial statement line item 
described above, the composition of the accounts within these financial statement line items remains unchanged. The changes 
include:
New financial statement line item
Previously-used financial statement line item
Owned and leased revenues
Owned and leased hotels revenues
Franchise and other fee revenues
Franchise, license, and other fee revenues
Revenues for reimbursed costs
Revenues for the reimbursement of costs incurred on behalf of 
managed and franchised properties
General and administrative expenses (1), (2)
Selling, general, and administrative expenses
Integration costs (2)
Selling, general, and administrative expenses
Owned and leased expenses
Owned and leased hotels expenses
Reimbursed costs
Costs incurred on behalf of managed and franchised 
properties
(1) Excludes integration costs.
(2) Transaction and integration costs are now presented within a new financial statement line item as described above, transaction and 
integration costs.
