Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
4. 
World of Hyatt Program.  Brand Hotels must participate in, and pay all charges 
related to, the Hyatt Group’s frequent guest loyalty program (the “Loyalty Program”), called the 
“World of Hyatt” program.  The Hyatt Group assesses each Participating Hotel and certain other 
hotels an amount in the Hyatt Group’s discretion to operate the Loyalty Program, which amount 
may change periodically.  The assessment for each participating Brand Hotel (including the Hotel)  
is currently 4% of all eligible revenue generated at that hotel from members of the program 
(excluding applicable taxes) who provide their World of Hyatt member number when booking or 
2% of that eligible revenue when a guest is enrolled on-property in World of Hyatt for that 
enrolling stay.   
Under  separate contractual arrangements, the following companies will participate in 
alliances with  the World of Hyatt program in 2025:  (i) the master licensee for Hyatt Residence 
Club and Hyatt Vacation Club, our shared ownership brands; (ii) HyCard, Inc., our affiliate (in 
relation with JPMorgan Chase Bank, the issuing company of the World of Hyatt credit cards); (iii) 
American Airlines; and (iv) Headspace, Inc.  The Hyatt Group may allocate assessments for these 
programs at different rates than those applied to Brand Hotels, given the difference in the products 
and services being offered to Loyalty Program members.  Owners of Participating Hotels bear no 
cost from including these programs in the Loyalty Program.  The Hyatt Group also may agree to 
other similar joint marketing or co-branding arrangements in the future. 
Currently, the Hyatt Group deposits all funds that it collects for the Loyalty Program 
(including sales of points and other related fees) into segregated accounts and invests a portion of 
the funds in various investment securities (primarily fixed income) that independent investment 
managers manage.  These funds are designated to fund the Loyalty Program obligations, including 
all marketing and administrative costs, and current and future award redemptions.  The Hyatt 
Group may periodically change the method of funding the Loyalty Program, the assessment 
methodology and other program attributes.  An independent accounting firm audits the Loyalty 
Program on an annual basis and we will make copies of the audit reports available upon request.  
We may periodically change the assessment methodology and other program attributes in the 
future. 
The Hyatt Group also has contractual arrangements with participating airlines under which 
Participating Hotel guests may choose to receive airline miles, in lieu of Loyalty Program points, 
as a result of their stay.  The Participating Hotel must pay the actual cost of those miles that the 
airline charges to the Hyatt Group.  Guests choosing airline miles for a stay at a Participating Hotel 
are not entitled to Loyalty Program points for that stay. 
5. 
Quality Assurance, Franchisee Compliance, and Guest Satisfaction.  The Hotel 
must participate in quality assurance, compliance and guest satisfaction programs that we 
periodically develop and modify (collectively, the “Quality Assurance and Compliance Program”).  
You must pay your allocable share of all fees and other costs associated with the Quality Assurance 
and Compliance Program.  Our representatives may inspect or audit the Hotel at any time, with or 
without notice to you, to determine whether you and the Hotel are complying with the Hotel 
System, System Standards, and the terms of the Franchise Agreement, and you will give them free 
lodging (subject to availability) during the inspection period.  If we determine that the Hotel is not 
complying with the Hotel System, System Standards, or any other Franchise Agreement 
