Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
operating equipment and supplies (such as linens, pillows, terry, and light bulbs), and other 
products and services (such as printing and stationery, logoed items, chemicals, and pest 
elimination), at competitive prices that Avendra negotiates.  You determine whether, and the extent 
to which, your Hotel will use Avendra’s services.  However, if you choose not to use Avendra, 
you might find it impracticable to purchase certain products for the Hotel (such as bathroom 
amenities made specifically for Hyatt Network Hotels) elsewhere.  
You may, and if we require (depending on your or your approved management company’s 
experience) you must, acquire revenue management services from us.  You also may, but are not 
required to, use Rosemont’s purchasing and project management services and acquire our pre-
opening advisory assistance for your Hotel.  If you are constructing a new Brand Hotel, you may 
decide to engage us (or our affiliate) to provide technical services and assistance relating to the 
Hotel’s development.  We or another member of the Hyatt Group, Avendra and Rosemont 
negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for some required Hotel 
items.  When we do so, we seek to promote the overall interests of the network of Brand Hotels 
and other Hyatt Network Hotels and our interests as the franchisor.  We do not provide material 
benefits (like renewal or granting additional franchises) to individual franchisees for purchasing 
particular products or services or for using particular suppliers. 
You must participate in, connect with, and use the authorized CRS, GDS and ADS as we 
periodically designate for offering, booking, modifying, and communicating guest room 
reservations for the Hotel and bear all related costs and expenses.  You may only use the GDS and 
ADS that we periodically authorize.  You must honor and give first priority on available rooms to 
all confirmed reservations that the CRS, GDS or ADS refer to the Hotel.  The CRS and approved 
GDS and ADS are the only reservation systems or services that the Hotel may use for reservations.  
You will establish the Hotel’s room rates, if those rates and your pricing policies comply with 
System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  You must comply with our “best rate 
guarantee” and related policies, as we periodically modify them.  You may not charge any guest a 
rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest when the guest makes 
the reservation. 
Except as described here and in Item 6, in providing these and other products and services 
to you, the Hyatt Group companies have the right to charge prices that exceed their costs and 
include a profit margin.  Except as described above or in Item 5 or 6, there currently are no other 
goods or services for the Hotel that you must buy or lease from us or one of our affiliates or for 
which we or one of our affiliates is an approved supplier or the only approved supplier. 
Approved Suppliers, Hotel System and System Standards 
Promptly after preparing the plans for your Hotel’s construction or remodeling, you must 
prepare and deliver to us for our approval a plan for conducting and administering the F&B 
Operations at the Hotel (the “F&B Operations Plan”).  The F&B Operations Plan will contain the 
identity of any proposed restaurant operator or other operator of some or all F&B Operations at 
the Hotel (other than you or your approved management company) (each an “F&B Operator”) and 
the restaurant concept(s) that you plan to incorporate as part of or adjacent to the Hotel.  You must 
make the modifications to the F&B Operations Plan that we reasonably specify and ensure that the 
