Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2 
Item 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we,” “us” or “our” means Hyatt 
House Franchising, L.L.C., the franchisor.  “You” means the entity acquiring a franchise.  One or 
more of the owners of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined in Item 15) in you who we specify 
must sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, which means that all provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement (Exhibit C) also will apply to those owners.  We expect that only entities, 
and not individuals, will acquire our franchises. 
Our Company History and Parents 
We were formed as a Kansas limited partnership called SF Hotel Company, L.P. and later 
changed our name to Summerfield Hotel Company L.P.  In January 2006, one of our parent 
companies, Select Hotels Group, L.L.C. (“Select Hotels”), acquired all of the ownership interests 
in Hyatt House Hotel Holding Company, L.L.C. (“Hyatt House Holding”) (then known as 
Summerfield Hotel Holding Company, LLC), our direct parent company (the “Acquisition”).  We 
then converted to a Kansas limited liability company named Summerfield Hotel Company, L.L.C.  
In September 2011 we changed our name to Hyatt House Franchising, L.L.C.  Our principal 
business address is 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606.  If we have an agent for 
service of process in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit D. 
We do business only under our company name and the Proprietary Marks (defined below).  
We owned hotels under the Summerfield Suites® brand from June 1998 until 2003.  We began to 
offer franchises for Summerfield Suites® hotels in August 1999.  In 2000, we changed these hotels’ 
trade names from Summerfield Suites® to Summerfield Suites® by Wyndham.  After the 
Acquisition, the existing Summerfield Suites® by Wyndham hotels ceased using the “by 
Wyndham” designation and began operating under the Summerfield Suites® name and then the 
Hyatt® Summerfield Suites name.  We began offering franchises for hotels to operate under the 
Hyatt® Summerfield Suites name after the Acquisition.  In September 2011, we announced our 
decision to rebrand the Hyatt® Summerfield Suites hotels under the Hyatt House® brand and began 
offering franchises for hotels operating under the Hyatt House® brand.  All of the hotels operating 
under the Hyatt® Summerfield Suites brand have converted to the Hyatt House® brand.  In this 
disclosure document, “Brand Hotels” means upscale, extended stay hotels that use the Hotel 
System (defined below) and are identified by the Proprietary Marks (defined below), including 
those that used to operate under the Hyatt® Summerfield Suites brand.
We have never operated hotels under the Hyatt House® name, but some of our affiliates 
do.  We have no predecessors required to be disclosed in this Item and no business activities that 
are not described here.  Our parent companies are Hyatt Hotels Corporation, Hyatt Corporation, 
Select Hotels, and Hyatt House Holding, each of whose principal business address is the same as 
our address.  We have offered franchises for Brand Hotels (including under the Hyatt®
Summerfield Suites name) since February 2006 and have never offered franchises in any other line 
of business. 
