Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
Comfort Letter Fee 
You must obtain a comfort letter or similar agreement, the current form of which is attached 
as Exhibit J,  that we reasonably specify from each lender, each ground lessor (if applicable), the 
owner of fee simple title to the Hotel’s real property or building and improvements (if you are not 
that owner), and each other entity with an interest (or any power or right, conditional or otherwise, 
to acquire an interest) in the Hotel’s real property or building and improvements (each a “Comfort 
Letter Party”).  Under this comfort letter or similar agreement, the Comfort Letter Party agrees 
(among other things) to assume your obligations under the Franchise Agreement (subject to our 
rights under the Franchise Agreement) if the Comfort Letter Party or any of its affiliates acquires 
title or otherwise assumes possession, or the right to sell or direct the disposition of, the Hotel’s 
real property or building and improvements.  You must pay our then applicable, non-refundable 
comfort letter fee, which currently is $2,500, for each comfort letter that we negotiate relating to 
the Hotel. 
Pre-Opening Purchasing Services 
At your option, you may ask Rosemont, our affiliate, to assist you with pre-opening 
purchasing services for any model rooms, FF&E, OS&E, and IT for a new Brand Hotel.  
Rosemont’s fees for this optional assistance would range from $85,000 to $275,000, depending on 
how much and what kind of assistance you ask Rosemont to provide. 
IT Project Management Services and Implementation and Training for Hyatt Proprietary Systems 
We will provide the IT project management services, which are described in Exhibit E of 
the Franchise Agreement, relating to the opening of the Hotel (the “IT Project Management 
Services”).  Our performance is dependent on your timely, accurate, and effective performance of 
all responsibilities listed in Exhibit E to the Franchise Agreement.  These services include blueprint 
review and IT project management and planning, and installation, configuration and training 
services for Hyatt proprietary systems.  You must pay us a non-refundable fee of $58,300 for a 
Hotel with up to 250 guest rooms, and you must reimburse us or our affiliate for our or its 
reasonable expenses in rendering the IT Project Management Services, including any necessary 
transportation, lodging and meals (which we anticipate will range from $6,695 to $11,330), plus 
applicable taxes.  If your Hotel is larger than 250 guest rooms, we may require a larger IT Project 
Management Services fee, which we and you would agree on before signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  We will invoice you for the IT Project Management Services fee (including expenses) 
on or after we complete an IT Project Management Service or upon your termination of the Hotel 
development project or the IT Project Management Services, for any reason, in either event 
regardless of whether we have approved the Hotel for opening.   
Additional Pre-Opening Advisory Services 
You may request, or we may determine that you need, additional guidance, services or 
assistance during the pre-opening period concerning the development, construction, or inspection 
and approval process that is beyond what we typically provide to similarly situated Brand Hotels.  
We may determine you need additional pre-opening services under certain circumstances, 
