Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
(2)
Advise you periodically regarding the Hotel’s operation, for example, 
concerning System Standards and advertising and marketing materials and programs.  If 
you request, and we agree to provide, additional or special guidance, assistance, or training, 
you must pay our then applicable charges and travel and living expenses.  Any specific 
training, guidance or assistance that we provide does not create an obligation (whether by 
course of dealing or otherwise) to continue providing that specific training, guidance or 
assistance, all of which we may periodically modify. (Section 3.4 of Franchise Agreement)  
(3)
Let you use our Proprietary Marks.  (Sections 11.1 to 11.4 of Franchise 
Agreement) 
(4)
Let you use our Confidential Information and Copyrighted Materials.  
(Sections 11.1, 11.5 and 11.6 of Franchise Agreement) 
(5)
Provide you access to the System Standards as we may modify them 
periodically.  You must restrict (and ensure your management company restricts) access to 
the System Standards according to our policies, as we periodically modify them.  If there 
is a dispute over their contents, our master copy of the System Standards controls.  Because 
complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions might not be possible or 
practical, we may, as we deem best, vary the Hotel System and System Standards for any 
Brand Hotel based upon the peculiarities of any condition or factors that we consider 
important to that hotel’s successful operation.  We need not grant you a similar variation 
or accommodation.  The table of contents for the System Standards in effect as of the 
issuance date of this disclosure document is Exhibit E and reflects that the System 
Standards comprise 3,615 pages. (Sections 3.2 and 4.3 of Franchise Agreement)
(6)
Provide you access to the CRS and listings in advertising publications that 
we periodically specify during the Franchise Agreement’s term.  (Section 3.3 of Franchise 
Agreement)   
(7)
Conduct periodic inspections of the Hotel and otherwise maintain the 
Quality Assurance and Compliance Program for the Brand Hotel franchise network.  
(Section 4.8 of the Franchise Agreement) 
(8)
Provide hosting and subscription services for the Hotel’s PMS when you 
sign the Subscription and Hosting Services Agreement.  (Section 1 of Subscription and 
Hosting Services Agreement)  
(9)
Continue to provide revenue management services if we choose to offer and 
either you chose to acquire them or we determine that you must acquire them.  (Revenue 
Management Services Program Schedule) 
(10)
Continue to provide field marketing program services for the Hotel if we 
choose to offer and you choose to acquire them.  (Field Marketing Program Schedule) 
(11)
Provide central sales services, add-on global property guest services, or 
digital ancillary services if we choose to offer and you choose to acquire them.  (Central 
