Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
Revenue Management Services 
You may elect to begin receiving certain revenue management services for your Hotel 
before the Hotel begins operating under the Proprietary Marks under the Revenue Management 
Services Program Schedule (the “Revenue Management Services Program Schedule”) to the 
Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master Agreement attached as Exhibit I (the “Central Services 
Agreement”).  Depending on some factors concerning your (or your approved management 
company’s) experience, we may in some situations require you to sign our Revenue Management 
Services Program Schedule and receive revenue management services from us.  If you sign the 
Revenue Management Services Program Schedule, then we will provide specialized central 
revenue management services on a daily, weekly, monthly, and annual basis to assist you in a 
variety of essential hotel functions, including resource planning, inventory controls, market 
segmentation, and industry and competitor analyses for the Hotel (as more specifically described 
in Exhibit I).  The current, non-refundable monthly subscription fee due under the Revenue 
Management Services Program Schedule is dependent upon the service tier level then in effect:  
for the “Tactical” Tier Level: $1,000 per month; for the “Essential” Tier Level:  $1,000 per month 
for calendar months preceding the Opening Month (if applicable) and $2,000 per month from and 
after the Opening Month; and for the “Premium” Tier Level:  $1,750 per month for calendar 
months preceding the Opening Month (if applicable) and $3,500 per month from and after the 
Opening Month. “Opening Month” means the calendar month in which the Hotel first opens to the 
public as a Hyatt branded or affiliated hotel, but if that date occurs after the 16th day of the month, 
then the “Opening Month” is the immediately following calendar month.  We would provide 
services under the Revenue Management Services Program Schedule for up to 90 days before the 
anticipated or scheduled opening date of the Hotel for the “Essential” service tier level or for up 
to 120 days before the anticipated or scheduled opening date of the Hotel for the “Premium” 
service tier level.   You must pay these amounts within 30 days after you receive each invoice for 
services rendered and expenses incurred during the previous month.  The total amount you may 
pay us for pre-opening revenue management services ranges from $0 to $7,000.  We also reserve 
the right to charge you for reimbursement of expenses reasonably incurred by us, including for 
transportation and related expenses, printing, photocopying, postage, and delivery services.  We 
may periodically increase these fees at any time upon 30 days’ written notice to you, but we may 
not increase these fees by more than 10% per calendar year.   
Field Marketing Program. 
  Up to 6 months before the opening of your Hotel, you may elect to receive from the Hyatt 
Group certain centralized resources to guide and support local integrated marketing for hotels that 
leverage the expertise of a designated field marketing team for a fee (which may contain a profit 
component, not to exceed a competitive amount), pursuant to the Field Marketing Program 
Schedule to the Central Hotel Services (the “Field Marketing Program Schedule”).  Inclusions and 
deliverables vary by service level, and may include management of local digital marketing, 
regional marketing campaigns, website management, social media consultation, local promotion 
creation and execution, and brand activations.  The current non-refundable monthly subscription 
fee due under the Field Marketing Program Schedule is dependent on the service tier level then in 
effect for Tier 1: $996 per month; for Tier 2: $1,867 per month; and for Tier 3: $2,747 per month.  
