Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
Column 1 
Type of Fee 
Column 2 
Amount 
Column 3 
Due Date 
Column 4 
Remarks 
• 1% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue per room night 
for leads generated from 
the sales sourcing center 
(e.g., referrals)
In addition to any sales, use and other taxes that applicable law requires or permits us to 
collect from you for providing goods or services under the Franchise Agreement, you must pay us 
all federal, state, local or foreign (a) sales, use, excise, privilege, occupation or any other 
transactional taxes, and (b) other taxes or similar exactions, no matter how designated, that are 
imposed on us or that we are required to withhold relating to the receipt or accrual of amounts you 
pay us under the Franchise Agreement, excluding only taxes imposed on us for the privilege of 
conducting business and calculated based on our net income, capital, net worth, gross receipts, or 
some other basis or combination of those factors, but not excluding any gross receipts taxes 
imposed on us or our affiliates for your payments intended to reimburse us or our affiliates for 
expenditures incurred for your benefit and on your behalf.  You must make these additional 
required payments in an amount necessary to provide us with after-tax receipts (taking into account 
any additional required payments) equal to the same amounts that we would have received if the 
additional tax liability or withholding had not been imposed or required. 
Explanatory Notes to All Charts 
1. 
Gross Rooms Revenue.  “Gross Rooms Revenue” means “Total Rooms Revenue” 
or its equivalent, as determined in accordance with the Uniform System of Accounts for the 
Lodging Industry, Eleventh Edition, as published by the Educational Institute of the American 
Hotel and Motel Association, 2014, or a later edition that we approve, plus any revenue from resort 
fees, destination fees, or similar mandatory charges.  If you receive any proceeds from any business 
interruption insurance applicable to the rental of rooms at the Hotel, then there will be added to 
Gross Rooms Revenue an amount equal to the imputed gross revenues that the insurer used to 
calculate those proceeds.  Inclusion of resort fees, destination fees, or similar fees in “Gross Rooms 
Revenue” does not constitute our approval of or authorization to charge those fees.   
2. 
Royalty Fee.  Your Royalty Fee will be 5% of Gross Rooms Revenue accrued 
during the previous month.  If you are constructing a new Hotel, we may agree to reduce your 
Royalty Fee for the first 1-3 years of the Hotel’s operations.  
3. 
Electronic Payments.  You must make all payments for Royalty Fees, System 
Services Charges, and other amounts due to us or any member of the Hyatt Group under the 
Franchise Agreement or relating to the Hotel by electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) in compliance 
with System Standards.  We periodically may change the procedure for payments.  You must make 
funds available in your account to cover payments when due.  You may not change your bank, 
financial institution, or account used in the operation of the Hotel without first telling us. 
