Additionally, distribution and destination management revenues and expenses are no longer presented as the accounts 
under these previously-used financial statement line items are now included in the following: 
Distribution revenues—Represents revenues derived from the ALG Vacations business, which were previously 
recognized in distribution and destination management revenues, and commission fee revenues related to Mr & Mrs Smith, 
which were previously recognized in other fee revenues.
Distribution expenses—Consists of expenses related to the ALG Vacations business, which were previously recognized in 
distribution and destination management expenses, and general and administrative expenses related to Mr & Mrs Smith, which 
were previously recognized in selling, general, and administrative expenses.
2. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation—Our consolidated financial statements present the results of operations, financial position, 
and cash flows of Hyatt Hotels Corporation and its majority owned and controlled subsidiaries as well as entities consolidated 
under the variable interest entity ("VIE") model. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in 
consolidation.
Use of Estimates—We are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our 
consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes (the "Notes"). Our estimates and assumptions are subject to 
inherent risk and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially from our estimated amounts.
Reclassifications—Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
Revenue Recognition—Our revenues are primarily derived from the products and services provided to our customers and 
are generally recognized when control of the product or service has transferred to the customer. Our customers primarily 
include third-party owners and franchisees, guests at owned and leased hotels, customers that use our distribution services 
through ALG Vacations and Mr & Mrs Smith, a third-party partner through our co-branded credit card programs, and owners 
and guests of residential and vacation units. A summary of our revenue streams is as follows:
•
Gross fees—Gross fees include base management fees, incentive management fees, and franchise and other fees. Base 
management fees are generally calculated as a percentage of gross revenues, and incentive management fees are 
generally computed based on a hotel profitability measure. Included in the management fees are fees that we earn in 
exchange for providing the hotel access to Hyatt's intellectual property ("IP"). Franchise and other fees consist of (i) an 
initial franchise fee and ongoing royalty fees computed as a percentage of gross room revenues and as applicable, food 
and beverage revenues, (ii) termination fees, (iii) license fees associated with the licensing of the Hyatt brand names 
through our co-branded credit card programs and with sales of our branded residential units, (iv) management and 
royalty fees related to the management and licensing of certain of our brands to the Unlimited Vacation Club following 
the UVC Transaction, and (v) fees from hotel services provided to certain all-inclusive resorts.
•
Net fees—Net fees represent gross fees reduced by key money assets amortization and performance cure payments, 
which constitute payments to customers. Consideration provided to customers related to key money assets is recorded 
in other assets and amortized to Contra revenue over the expected customer life, which is typically the initial term of 
the management and hotel services agreement or franchise agreement.
•
Owned and leased revenues—Owned and leased revenues are derived from room rentals and services provided at our 
owned and leased hotels. We present revenues net of sales, occupancy, and other taxes. Taxes collected on behalf of, 
and remitted to, governmental taxing authorities are excluded from the transaction price of the underlying products and 
services. 
•
Distribution revenues—Distribution revenues include revenues from the sale of vacation packages, experiences, and 
charter flights through ALG Vacations, destination services and excursions offered through Amstar, and commission 
fees related to Mr & Mrs Smith for bookings made directly through the platform and through third-party partners.
•
Other revenues—Other revenues include revenues from the sale of promotional awards through our co-branded credit 
programs as well as the paid membership program prior to the UVC Transaction (see Note 4) and the Destination 
Residential Management business, which was sold during the year ended December 31, 2023 (see Note 7).
•
Revenues for reimbursed costs—Revenues for reimbursed costs represent the reimbursement of costs incurred on 
behalf of third-party owners and franchisees. These reimbursed costs relate primarily to payroll at managed properties 
where we are the employer, as well as costs associated with system-wide services and the loyalty program operated on 
behalf of owners.
