value of the SARs is determined using the fair value of our common stock at the grant date based on the closing stock 
price of our Class A common stock. SARs generally vest 25% annually over four years, beginning on the first 
anniversary of the grant date. Vested SARs can be exercised over their life as determined in accordance with the LTIP. 
All SARs have a 10-year contractual term, are settled in shares of our Class A common stock, and are accounted for as 
equity instruments.
We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis from the date of grant through the requisite service period, 
which is generally the vesting period, unless the employee meets applicable retirement eligibility criteria resulting in 
immediate recognition. We recognize the effect of forfeitures as they occur. 
•
RSUs—Each vested RSU will generally be settled by delivery of a single share of our Class A common stock and 
therefore is accounted for as an equity instrument. In certain situations, we grant a limited number of cash-settled 
RSUs, which are recorded as liability instruments. The cash-settled RSUs represent an insignificant portion of previous 
grants.
The value of the RSUs is determined using the fair value of our common stock at the grant date based on the closing 
stock price of our Class A common stock. Awards are generally settled as each individual tranche vests under the 
relevant agreements. We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period of the individual grant, 
which is generally a vesting period of one to four years, unless the employee meets retirement eligibility criteria 
resulting in immediate recognition. We recognize the effect of forfeitures as they occur.
Under certain circumstances, we have issued time-vested RSUs with performance requirements, which vest based on 
the satisfaction of a continued employment requirement and the attainment of specified performance-vesting 
conditions that are established annually and eligible to be earned in tranches. Generally, these RSUs fully vest and 
settle in Class A common stock to the extent performance requirements for the applicable tranche are achieved, and if 
the requisite service period, which is generally three to five years, is satisfied. The value of the RSUs is set at award 
issuance or is determined using the fair value of our common stock at the grant date based on the closing stock price of 
our Class A common stock. Due to the fact that the performance conditions are established annually, each tranche 
typically has its own grant date. We issued $15 million of these RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2024, of 
which $12 million have not met the grant date criteria and were therefore not deemed granted at December 31, 2024. 
We did not issue any such RSUs during the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.
•
PSUs—PSUs vest and are settled in Class A common stock based on the performance of the Company through the end 
of the applicable performance period relative to the applicable performance target and are generally subject to a 
continued employment requirement through the applicable performance period. The PSUs are eligible to vest at the 
end of the performance period only to the extent the performance threshold is met and continued service requirements 
are satisfied; there is no interim performance metric, except in the case of certain change in control transactions.
The value of the PSUs is determined using the fair value of our common stock at the grant date based on the closing 
stock price of our Class A common stock. PSUs may include a relative total shareholder return ("TSR") modifier to 
determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance period. Under the supervision of management, 
independent third-party valuation specialists estimate the fair value of the PSUs that include the TSR modifier using a 
Monte Carlo simulation to model the probability of possible outcomes. The Monte Carlo simulation uses the grant date 
stock price as a key input and includes assumptions and judgments regarding the risk-free interest rate, expected 
volatility, and annual dividend yield. Generally, the fair value of the PSUs estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation 
does not significantly differ from the fair value based on the grant date stock price. 
We recognize compensation expense over the requisite performance period, which is generally a vesting period of 
approximately three to six years. Compensation expense recognized is dependent on management's quarterly 
assessment of the expected achievement relative to the applicable performance targets. We recognize the effect of 
forfeitures as they occur.
For additional information about stock-based compensation, including where we recognize compensation expense on our 
consolidated statements of income, see Note 17.
Loyalty Program—The loyalty program is funded through contributions from participating properties and third-party 
loyalty alliances based on eligible revenues from loyalty program members and returns on marketable securities. The funds are 
used for the redemption of member awards and payment of operating expenses. Operating costs are expensed as incurred and 
recognized in reimbursed costs on our consolidated statements of income.
