Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
(subject to Reasonable Deviations).  In order to assist you in having funds available to make any 
necessary capital expenditures at the Hotel and comply with your upgrade and renovation 
obligations (but without limiting those obligations), each month you must deposit into a separate 
account that you control an amount equal to (a) 3% of the Hotel’s Gross Rooms Revenue accrued 
during the first year of operations, (b) 4% of the Hotel’s Gross Rooms Revenue accrued during 
the second year of operations, and (c) 5% of the Hotel’s Gross Rooms Revenue accrued during the 
balance of the Franchise Agreement’s term.  You will use these funds only to make approved 
capital expenditures and comply with your upgrade and renovation obligations, although your 
obligations may require you to spend more than the amount in the account.   
“Reasonable Deviations” means that, if the market area or circumstances of a Brand Hotel 
warrant, then, in our Reasonable Business Judgment (defined below), we may apply an aspect of 
the Hotel System, System Standard, requirement, fee or other term or condition to the Hotel in a 
manner which differs from the manner in which that aspect of the Hotel System, requirement, fee 
or other term or condition applies to one or more other similarly situated Brand Hotels.  
“Reasonable Business Judgment” means that our action or inaction has a business basis that is 
intended to benefit the Brand Hotel network or the profitability of the network, including us and 
our affiliates, regardless of whether some individual hotels may be unfavorably affected; or to 
increase the value of the Proprietary Marks; or to increase or enhance overall hotel guest or 
franchisee or owner satisfaction; or to minimize possible brand inconsistencies or customer 
confusion. 
Collectively, the purchases and leases you must make from us, from designated or 
approved suppliers, or according to our System Standards represent approximately 95% of your 
total purchases and leases to establish, and approximately 95% of your total purchases and leases 
to operate, the Hotel.  During our 2024 fiscal year, we did not derive any revenue from selling or 
leasing products or services directly to Brand Hotel franchisees, but our affiliates collected about 
$5,205,948 in fees and other revenue from providing various products and services to Brand Hotel 
franchisees, but not including revenue from any Commercial Services Fees or similar fees for the 
System Services outlined in Item 6.  In addition, Brand Hotel franchisees received $14,396,149 
more in loyalty program reimbursements than they paid in loyalty program fees during 2024.  We 
derived these figures from our affiliates’ internal financial records. 
Item 9 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements.  
It will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements 
and in other items of this disclosure document.  
