lag of up to three months. When intervening events occur during the time lag, we recognize the impact in our consolidated 
financial statements.
We assess investments in unconsolidated hospitality ventures for impairment quarterly, and when there is an indication 
that a loss in value has occurred, we may evaluate the carrying value in comparison to the estimated fair value of the 
investment, among other factors, to determine if the loss in value is other than temporary. Fair value is based on internally-
developed discounted cash flow models, third-party appraisals, and if appropriate, pending third-party offers. Under the 
discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions requiring judgment, including projected future cash flows, 
discount rates, and capitalization rates, which are primarily Level Three assumptions. Our estimates of projected future cash 
flows are based on historical data, internal estimates, and/or external sources and are developed as part of our routine, long-term 
planning process. 
We apply judgment to determine whether the decline in value is other than temporary. We consider factors including, but 
not limited to, the length of time and extent of the decline, loss of value as a percentage of the cost, financial condition and 
near-term financial projections, our intent and ability to recover the lost value, and current economic conditions. If the estimated 
fair value is less than the carrying value and the decline in value is deemed other than temporary, impairments are recognized in 
equity earnings (losses) from unconsolidated hospitality ventures on our consolidated statements of income. 
For additional information about equity method investments, see Note 4.
Debt and Equity Securities—Excluding equity method investments, debt and equity securities consist of various 
investments:
•
Equity securities consist of interest-bearing money market funds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, common 
shares, and preferred shares. Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value are recorded at fair value on our 
consolidated balance sheets based on listed market prices or dealer quotations where available and are classified as 
Level One in the fair value hierarchy as we are able to obtain pricing information on an ongoing basis. Equity 
securities without a readily determinable fair value are recorded at cost less any impairment, plus or minus changes 
resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same 
issuer. Net gains and losses, both realized and unrealized, and impairment charges on equity securities are recognized 
in other income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income.
•
Debt securities include preferred shares, convertible debt, time deposits, and fixed income securities, including U.S. 
government obligations, obligations of other government agencies, corporate debt, mortgage-backed and asset-backed 
securities, and municipal and provincial notes and bonds. Debt securities are classified as trading, available-for-sale 
("AFS"), or HTM.
•
Trading securities are recorded at fair value based on listed market prices or dealer price quotations, where 
available. Net gains and losses, both realized and unrealized, on trading securities are recognized in net gains 
(losses) and interest income from marketable securities held to fund rabbi trusts or other income (loss), net, 
depending on the nature of the investment, on our consolidated statements of income.
•
AFS securities are recorded at fair value based on listed market prices or dealer price quotations, where available. 
Unrealized gains and losses on AFS debt securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income 
(loss) on our consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses on AFS debt securities are recognized in other 
income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income. AFS securities are assessed quarterly for expected 
credit losses, which are recognized in other income (loss), net on our consolidated statements of income. In 
determining the allowance for credit losses, we evaluate AFS securities at the individual security level and 
consider our investment strategy, current market conditions, financial strength of the underlying investments, term 
to maturity, credit rating, and our intent and ability to sell the securities.
•
HTM securities are investments that we have the intent and ability to hold until maturity are recorded at amortized 
cost, net of expected credit losses and unamortized discounts calculated using an imputed interest rate. HTM 
securities are assessed for expected credit losses quarterly, and credit losses are recognized in other income (loss), 
net on our consolidated statements of income. In determining the allowance for credit losses, we evaluate HTM 
securities individually due to the unique risks associated with each security, and we consider the financial strength 
of the underlying assets, including the current and forecasted performance of the property, term to maturity, credit 
quality of the owner, and current market conditions.
We classify debt securities as current or long-term based on their contractual maturity dates and our intent and 
ability to hold the investment. Our debt securities are primarily classified as Level Two in the fair value hierarchy. 
