2 
Hyatt House 2025 Hosting Agmt 
1616961288.2
2.
Definitions 
a.
“Affiliate” means with respect to any party, any person or entity that, at  any  given time, 
directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such party, whether through 
ownership of voting securities, by contract,  or otherwise. 
b.
“Agreement” means this Agreement, including all current or future schedules. 
c.
“Authorized Users” means: (i) Owner; and (ii) employees and agents of Owner when they are 
performing services for Property relating to the Property Management System. 
d.
“Cardholder Data” means any data that relates to (i) a payment card authorized by or bearing 
the logo of a member of the Payment Card Industry ("PCI") Security Standards Council (the "PCI SSC"), or any 
similar organization that Hyatt periodically specifies, or alternative technology or non-cash transaction method 
relating to payment that Hyatt periodically specifies, or (ii) a person to whom such a payment card or alternative 
technology as described in (i) has been issued. 
e.
“Effective Date” means the date that appears in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
f.
“Facility” means the physical location at which, at any given time, the Hosted Hardware 
resides and the hosted components of the Property Management System are hosted by Hyatt or its Affiliate. 
g.
“Fees” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 6(a). 
h.
“Flag Change” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10(c). 
i.
“Hosted Hardware” means the file servers, network routers and switches, firewalls, and other 
hardware, technology, and network devices in the Facility and used by Hyatt to host the hosted components of the 
Property Management System and provide the Services. It does not include any hardware located outside of the 
Facility, including any hardware located at the Property. 
j.
“Hosted System” means the Hosted Hardware, Property Management System and Third Party 
Software, collectively, hosted by Hyatt or its Affiliate and made available by Hyatt to Owner and its Authorized 
Users pursuant to this Agreement. 
k.
“Hotel Environment” means the hardware and software environment for which the Owner has 
selected and is responsible for as set out in Hyatt’s then current Configuration Guide Technical Requirements and 
Operating Standards: General Requirements, which is available upon request and posted on Hyatt’s intranet site, 
Hyattconnect. 
l.
“License Agreement” means the agreement between Oracle and Hyatt’s Affiliate for the 
property management system.  
m.
“PCI DSS” means the current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. 
n.
“Property Management System” means the software specified in the License Agreement. 
o.
“Service Effective Date” means the Opening Date of the Hotel as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement.   
p.
“Services” means all tasks and services to be performed by Hyatt hereunder and described in 
Schedule 1. 
q.
“Term” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof. 
