During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized $5 million of transaction costs, primarily related to financial 
advisory and legal fees, in transaction and integration costs on our consolidated statements of income.
Dream Hotel Group—During the year ended December 31, 2023, we acquired 100% of the limited liability company 
interests of each of Chatwal Hotels & Resorts, LLC, DHG Manager, LLC, and each of the subsidiaries of DHG Manager, LLC 
(collectively, Dream Hotel Group) for $125 million of base consideration, subject to customary adjustments related to working 
capital and indebtedness, and up to an additional $175 million of contingent consideration to be paid upon the achievement of 
certain milestones related to the development of additional hotels and/or potential new hotels previously identified by the 
sellers.
We closed on the transaction on February 2, 2023 and paid $125 million of cash. Upon acquisition, we recorded a 
$107 million contingent consideration liability at fair value in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The 
fair value was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to model the likelihood of achieving the agreed-upon milestones based 
on available information as of the acquisition date. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding 
the discount rate, estimated probability of achieving the milestones, and expected timing of payments, which are primarily 
Level Three assumptions. Total purchase consideration was determined as follows: 
Cash paid
$ 
125 
Fair value of contingent consideration
 
107 
Total purchase consideration
$ 
232 
The acquisition includes management and license agreements for both operating and additional hotels that are expected to 
open in the future, primarily across North America, and the affiliated trade names. Following the acquisition date, fee revenues 
and operating expenses of Dream Hotel Group were recognized on our consolidated statements of income. For the period from 
the acquisition date through December 31, 2023, total revenues and net income attributable to Dream Hotel Group were 
$7 million and $4 million, respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which were 
estimated based on available information as of the acquisition date, were finalized. The fair values of intangible assets acquired 
were estimated using either discounted future cash flow models or the relief from royalty method, both of which include 
revenue projections based on the expected contract terms and long-term growth rates, which are primarily Level Three 
assumptions. The remaining assets and liabilities were recorded at their carrying values, which approximate their fair values. 
During the measurement period, we recorded adjustments to the intangible assets acquired with a corresponding offset to 
goodwill as a result of the refinement of certain assumptions, including contract terms and useful lives, which affected the 
underlying cash flows in the valuation and were based on facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at the acquisition date:
Receivables
$ 
1 
Goodwill (1)
 
62 
Indefinite-lived intangibles (2)
 
20 
Management agreement intangibles (3)
 
143 
Other intangibles (2)
 
7 
Total assets acquired
$ 
233 
Long-term contract liabilities
$ 
1 
Total liabilities assumed
$ 
1 
Total net assets acquired attributable to Hyatt Hotels Corporation
$ 
232 
(1) The goodwill, which is tax deductible and recorded on the management and franchising segment, is attributable to the growth 
opportunities we expect to realize by expanding our lifestyle offerings and providing global travelers with an increased number of 
elevated hospitality experiences.
(2) Includes intangible assets related to the Dream Hotels, The Chatwal, and Unscripted Hotels brand names. Certain brand names are 
amortized over useful lives of 20 years.
(3) Amortized over useful lives of approximately 9 to 22 years, with a weighted-average useful life of approximately 17 years.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized $7 million of transaction costs, primarily related to regulatory, 
financial advisory, and legal fees, in transaction and integration costs on our consolidated statements of income.
