Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
including if the Hotel is a conversion of an existing structure to a Brand Hotel (rather than a newly-
constructed facility), if one of our affiliates previously managed the Hotel, or if you (or your 
owners or operators) lack prior experience or familiarity with the System.  If we agree to provide 
this additional guidance and advice (for example, making more than a reasonable number of visits 
to the Hotel during the development and construction period), then you must pay our then current 
fees for our services.  The costs of these fees will vary depending on the additional guidance or 
service you request or we determine you need, but we estimate that you may pay between $0 and 
$250,000 for additional services or guidance before the Hotel opens. 
Pre-Opening Training Fees and Expenses 
In connection with the Hotel opening, we will provide owner/operator orientation and 
training to the Hotel management and staff on elements of the Hotel System, including training for 
the Hotel’s general manager at our General Manager University and training for the managing 
owner and senior operations officer at the owner/operator orientation program.  We may conduct 
training via remote learning, or in person (in one or more visits to the Hotel), or both, as we 
determine in our sole discretion.  These fees and expenses will vary depending on how many 
people attend each particular training program, how much training they need, and where we 
conduct training.  We currently estimate that the fees you pay to us and our affiliates for orientation 
and various initial training programs will range from $15,175 to $34,300.  You must pay these 
amounts upon receiving our invoice and before the pre-opening team arrives at the Hotel.  You 
must also reimburse us and our affiliates for our and their personnel’s travel and living expenses 
associated with any training programs that we provide on site at the Hotel.  We currently estimate 
that reimbursement of our and our affiliates’ expenses associated with these training programs, not 
including the tuition fees described above, will range from $3,600 to $7,405.  
Extension Fee 
If you are constructing a new Hotel, you must start and complete construction and open the 
Hotel, according to the timetables in the Franchise Agreement.  If you are converting an existing 
hotel to a Brand Hotel, you must start renovation and open the Hotel under the Hotel System 
according to the timetables in the Franchise Agreement.  We may terminate the Franchise 
Agreement if you fail to meet the required timetable.  You may request one or more extensions of 
time by giving us, at least 3 months before the opening deadline, a written extension request and a 
$10,000 “Extension Fee.”  We will inform you of the length of the extension if and when we grant 
it.  We will refund the Extension Fee only if we deny the extension.  We may waive this fee under 
some circumstances. 
Alternative Design Services Review 
If you request review of alternative plans, design, or products other than those prescribed 
by our prototype plans, you must pay us an alternative design review fee (the “Alternative Design 
Review Fee”).  The amount of the Alternative Design Review Fee will vary depending on the size 
and location of the project and the scope of our review, but we expect the Alternative Design 
Review Fee to range from $5,000 to $30,000.   
