Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
franchise might use the same reservations systems and other systems and processes as Brand 
Hotels. 
• 
Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C. (formerly known as Hyatt Franchise Corporation) 
(“Hyatt Franchising”) offered franchises for full service hotels operating in the 
United States under the Hyatt® name (without a sub-brand) from December 1994 
until April 1997 and again from September 2006 until January 2015.  Hyatt 
Franchising offered franchises for full service hotels operating in the United States 
under the Hyatt Regency® name from September 1994 until April 1997 and began 
offering these franchises again in September 2006.  Hyatt Franchising also began 
offering franchises for full service hotels operating in the United States under the 
Hyatt Centric® name in February 2015 and franchises for unique, up-scale 
accommodations and hospitality affiliations operating in the United States under 
their own names but associated with The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® name 
since June 2016.  There currently are 9 full service hotels which operate under the 
Hyatt name (without a sub-brand), 7 of which are franchised.  Hyatt Franchising 
previously offered (but no longer intends to offer) franchises for full service hotels 
under the Thompson® name from December 2018 to August 2021.  Hyatt 
Franchising began offering franchises for “lifestyle” hotels operating in the United 
States under the brand names “Destination®” and “joie de vivre®” (also referred 
to as “JdV®”) in May 2019 and under the brand name “Caption by Hyatt®” in 
September 2019.  Hyatt Franchising now refers to these brands as “Destination by 
Hyatt®”, JdV by Hyatt®” and “Caption by Hyatt®” respectively.  Hyatt 
Franchising has offered franchises for upper-midscale, extended stay hotels 
operating in the United States under the brand name “Hyatt Studios™” since May 
2023.  Hyatt Franchising has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any 
other line of business.  Hyatt Franchising’s principal business address is the same 
as our address. 
• 
Hyatt Place Franchising, L.L.C. (“Hyatt Place”) has offered franchises for select 
service hotels operating in the United States under the Hyatt Place® name since 
September 2005.  Hyatt Place has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any 
other line of business.  Hyatt Place’s principal business address is the same as our 
address. 
• 
Hyatt Franchising Canada Corp. (“Hyatt Franchising Canada”) has offered 
franchises for full service hotels operating in Canada since November 2007.  Hyatt 
Franchising Canada has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business.  Hyatt Franchising Canada’s principal business address is the same 
as our address. 
• 
Hyatt International (Europe Africa Middle East) LLC (“Hyatt International 
EAME”) has offered franchises for full service hotels, select service hotels and/or 
extended stay hotels operating in the European Union since June 2014.  Hyatt 
International EAME has never operated hotels or offered franchises in any other 
line of business but provides services to certain hotels in the European Union.  Hyatt 
