Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
markets.  During 2024, 63.5% of the reservations at the Covered Hotels were for 1 to 4 nights, 
18% were for 5 to 11 nights, 8.5% were for 12 to 29 nights, and 10% were for 30 or more nights.   
We classify the Covered Hotels as Franchised Covered Hotels and Owned/Managed 
Covered Hotels.  “Franchised Covered Hotels” are the 106 Covered Hotels that franchisees own 
and operate.  Some of these Franchised Covered Hotels might be joint ventures in which our 
affiliate owns less than 50% of the ownership interest.  “Owned/Managed Covered Hotels” are the 
9 Covered Hotels in which our affiliate owns at least a 50% interest or that our affiliate manages 
for a third party.  The results of operations for Owned/Managed Covered Hotels that we manage 
for third parties are not materially different from the results of operations of other similarly situated 
Owned/Managed Covered Hotels.  
These FPRs also contain information on Urban Hotels.  We classify 30 of the Covered 
Hotels as “Urban Hotels” because they operate in a densely populated part of a large metropolitan 
area.  3 of the Urban Hotels (the “Owned/Managed Urban Hotels”) are Owned/Managed Covered 
Hotels, and the other 27 (the “Franchised Urban Hotels”) are Franchised Covered Hotels.  The 
Urban Hotels have operated under the “Hyatt House” name for an average of 8.1 years.  Some of 
the Urban Hotels converted from another brand and system to the “Hyatt House” name and 
therefore had an existing marketing and customer base before converting to the “Hyatt House” 
name.  The average number of rooms at the Urban Hotels is 162 with 258 as the highest room 
count and 100 as the lowest room count.   
First FPR:  Hyatt Statistics for Occupancy Rate, Average Daily Rate and RevPAR 
“Occupancy Rate” is the total number of room nights sold for a hotel during 2024 divided 
by the total number of available room nights for that hotel during 2024.  To calculate the average 
Occupancy Rate for all Covered Hotels (or a subgroup of Covered Hotels), we divided the total 
number of room nights sold for all Covered Hotels (or that subgroup) by the total number of 
available room nights for those hotels.   
“Average Daily Rate” is the Gross Rooms Revenue for a hotel during 2024 divided by the 
total number of room nights sold for that hotel during 2024.  To calculate the Average Daily Rate 
for all Covered Hotels (or a subgroup of Covered Hotels), we divided the aggregate Gross Rooms 
Revenue for the Covered Hotels (or that subgroup) by the total number of room nights sold for 
those hotels.   
“RevPAR,” or revenue per available room, is the Gross Rooms Revenue for a hotel during 
2024 divided by the total number of available room nights for that hotel during 2024.  To calculate 
the RevPAR for all Covered Hotels (or a subgroup of Covered Hotels), we divided the aggregate 
Gross Rooms Revenue for the Covered Hotels (or that subgroup) by the total number of available 
room nights for those hotels.   
