Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
(e) 
sales and catering system services, including account management, booking 
pipeline management, and analysis through our designated sales software systems, which 
are required in order to receive leads from the Hyatt Group’s sales sources;  
(f) 
property management system services, including Opera PMS, web-in/web-
out and hosting, and interface file, maintenance, and support; 
(g) 
the Hyatt Group’s digital product technology and infrastructure including 
Hyatt.com and the mobile app; and  
(h) 
other technology services, including e-learning, e-mail, HyattConnect, 
SharePoint, identify access management, ServiceNow, in-room technology, and network 
access.  
The Hyatt Group may periodically change the benefits and services currently included as 
Commercial Services and the charges and fees for those benefits and services.  The Hyatt Group 
may adopt other methodologies for fees and charges related to chain-wide programs to 
Participating Hotels, including segregation by brand, geographic location, or other criteria that the 
Hyatt Group deems appropriate in its discretion.  The Hyatt Group may periodically allocate the 
Commercial Services Fee as a fixed charge, percentage charge, direct billback, or any other 
combination of multiple allocation methodologies.  The Hyatt Group may spend in any year more 
or less than the total Commercial Services Fee contributions in that year, but will use all 
Commercial Services Fees collected for Commercial Services. 
8. 
Digital Acquisition Fee.  We currently charge the Hotel and other Participating 
Hotels the “Digital Acquisition Fee” to help drive bookings through the Hyatt Group’s online 
direct booking channels (the “Digital Channels”).  The Digital Channels currently are the Hotel 
System Website and any Hyatt-branded website or mobile app (such as the World of Hyatt app).  
You must pay the Digital Acquisition Fee on the subset of Gross Rooms Revenue resulting from 
reservations that are generated through the Digital Channels, whether directly or via a link from 
another platform, such as a search engine advertisement, social media page, or any Franchisee 
Organization Website.  We may, in our sole judgment and subject to change, exclude certain types 
of bookings that originate through Digital Channels for purposes of calculating the Digital 
Acquisition Fee and certain portions of Gross Rooms Revenue that is generated through the Digital 
Channels, such as the Upsell Revenue (defined below).  Digital Channels do not include 
reservations placed through external sources, such as online travel agencies (e.g., priceline.com 
and expedia.com) or through Hyatt-managed channels that are not digital in nature, such as 
reservations placed via telephone calls to our global contact center. 
9. 
GDS and Other Reservations Services.  In addition to the global contact centers, 
the costs of which the Hyatt Group allocates to each Participating Hotel as part of the Commercial 
Services Fee, GDSs accept reservations for Participating Hotels and confirm the reservations with 
the Hyatt Group through the central reservations center.  The Hyatt Group incurs a reservations 
fee for each reservation that these supplemental reservations systems accept, which currently 
averages approximately $8.50 per reservation, and the Hyatt Group passes on the charge to the 
hotel receiving the reservation at cost without imposing a markup or receiving a profit. 
