Hyatt House 2025 State Pages 
1615855465.2
3
Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy 
law (11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable. 
3.
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v) 
of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Choice of forum: 
Franchisee may, subject to any arbitration obligations, bring an action in Maryland 
for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law 
to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, 
unless preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act. 
4.
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w) 
of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Choice of law: 
; however, to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law, subject to your arbitration obligation, you may bring an action in 
Maryland. 
5.
The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document: 
You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, 
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
MINNESOTA 
1. 
The following paragraphs are added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document: 
For franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. 
§80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that 
you be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ 
notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
Any release as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to 
the extent prohibited by law for claims arising under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D. 
