We closed on the transaction on October 1, 2024 and paid $151 million of cash. Upon acquisition, we recorded a 
$108 million contingent consideration liability at fair value in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The 
fair value was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to model the likelihood of achieving the agreed-upon milestones based 
on available information as of the acquisition date. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding 
the discount rate, estimated probability of achieving the milestones, and expected timing of payments, which are primarily 
Level Three assumptions. Total purchase consideration was determined as follows:
Cash paid, net of cash acquired
$ 
148 
Cash acquired
 
3 
Fair value of contingent consideration
 
108 
Total purchase consideration
$ 
259 
The acquisition includes management, franchise, and license agreements for both operating and additional hotels that are 
expected to open in the future and the affiliated trade names. Following the acquisition date, fee revenues and operating 
expenses of Standard International were recognized on our consolidated statements of income. For the period from the 
acquisition date through December 31, 2024, total revenues and net loss attributable to Standard International were $6 million 
and $5 million, respectively.
Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024 reflects preliminary estimates of the fair value of the assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed based on available information as of the acquisition date. The fair values of intangible assets 
acquired were estimated using either discounted future cash flow models or the relief from royalty method, both of which 
include revenue projections based on the expected contract terms and long-term growth rates, which are primarily Level Three 
assumptions. The fair values of performance guarantee liabilities assumed were estimated using Monte Carlo simulations to 
model the probability of possible outcomes. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding 
discount rates, volatility, and hotel operating results, which are primarily Level Three assumptions (see Note 15). The 
remaining assets and liabilities were recorded at their carrying values, which approximate their fair values. 
We will continue to evaluate the contracts acquired and the underlying inputs and assumptions used in our valuation of 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Accordingly, these estimates, along with any related tax impacts, are subject to change 
during the measurement period, which is up to one year from the date of acquisition. 
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at the acquisition date:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
3 
Receivables
 
4 
Operating lease right-of-use assets
 
6 
Goodwill (1)
 
86 
Indefinite-lived intangibles (2)
 
96 
Management and franchise agreement intangibles (3)
 
84 
Total assets acquired
$ 
279 
Accounts payable
$ 
1 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
1 
Accrued compensation and benefits
 
3 
Current operating lease liabilities
 
1 
Long-term operating lease liabilities
 
5 
Other long-term liabilities
 
9 
Total liabilities assumed
$ 
20 
Total net assets acquired attributable to Hyatt Hotels Corporation
$ 
259 
(1) The goodwill, which is primarily tax deductible and recorded on the management and franchising segment, is attributable to the growth 
opportunities we expect to realize by enhancing our lifestyle portfolio and offering immersive brand experiences.
(2) Includes intangible assets related to The Standard, Bunkhouse Hotels, and The Manner brand names.
(3) Amortized over useful lives of approximately 5 to 25 years, with a weighted-average useful life of approximately 19 years.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized $10 million of transaction costs, primarily related to financial 
advisory and legal fees, in transaction and integration costs on our consolidated statements of income.
