Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
approval and change the plans as we specify.  You may not begin constructing, remodeling 
or developing the Hotel until we have approved the plans.  You may not change the 
approved plans, including by changing any structural or life safety equipment or systems, 
the number or type of guest rooms or common areas, or any architectural features, without 
our prior approval.  (Section 2.1 and Exhibit B of Franchise Agreement)   
(5)
If applicable, approve an F&B Operations Plan and F&B Operator(s) that 
meet our requirements.  (Section 2.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(6)
Approve you establishing a temporary or permanent sales office at the 
Hotel’s site to solicit and accept reservations during the pre-opening period for stays after 
the Hotel’s opening date, if we permit you to establish a pre-opening sales office and it 
meets our requirements.  Promptly after the Technology System is installed at the Hotel, 
you must, at our option, staff the pre-opening sales office with the Hotel’s director of sales 
and begin operating the pre-opening sales office.  (Section 2.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
(7)
Provide the applicable System Services for the Hotel during its pre-opening 
period.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement) 
(8)
Approve a pre-opening marketing program that you prepare according to 
our requirements.  At least 120 days before the Hotel’s opening, you must prepare and 
submit to us for our approval a written pre-opening marketing program that satisfies our 
requirements and contemplates spending at least $500 times the number of guest rooms at 
the Hotel.  You must change the program as we specify and implement the approved 
program.  We anticipate your spending additional amounts on pre-opening marketing as 
well.  (Section 5.1 of Franchise Agreement)   
(9)
Provide data installation services relating to the initial set-up of the CRS, 
GDS and ADS at the Hotel, IT Project Management Services and other technology-related 
services described in Item 5.  (Section 2.2 of Franchise Agreement) We describe the 
Technology System later in this Item.  
(10)
Provide you access to the CRS and listings in advertising publications that 
we periodically specify during the period before the Hotel’s opening date that we 
reasonably specify.  (Section 3.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
(11)
Train your Hotel’s senior manager-level employees whom we periodically 
designate, which may include (as applicable), the general manager, rooms director, director 
of sales, engineering director, director of food and beverage, director of catering, executive 
chef, and assistant general manager (collectively the “Core Management”) and other Hotel 
personnel we specify in the operation of a Brand Hotel to help ensure compliance with 
System Standards.  We will place our trainer(s) at the Hotel for its opening.  (Section 3.1 
of Franchise Agreement)   
(12)
Provide you access to the System Standards .  You must comply with the 
System Standards, as we periodically modify them, except for any employment-related or 
