3 
Hyatt House 2025 CA 
1616175299.2 
8.
[Indemnity.  Company acknowledges and agrees that it presented the Property and Business to 
Hyatt and initiated all discussions with Hyatt surrounding the Property and Business.  Company agrees to 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hyatt for, from and against any and all Claims. For purposes of this 
Agreement, “Claims” shall mean any and all claims, demands, actions, penalties, suits and liabilities, in 
connection with, arising from, or for any reason related to (i) negotiations relating to the Property or 
Business in violation of any existing management or similar agreement relating to the branding, operation 
or use of the Property (the “Existing Agreements”) and/or (ii) the termination of the Existing Agreements, 
as a result of any such negotiations.] 
9.
Remedies and Waiver. The parties hereby acknowledge the importance of complying with the 
provisions of this Agreement. Therefore, the parties agree that money damages, which the parties agree would 
be substantial, would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement, and a party shall be entitled, 
in addition to money damages, to specific performance and injunctive relief and any other appropriate equitable 
remedies for any such breach.  The party at fault agrees not to oppose the granting of equitable relief on grounds 
that damages are sufficient, and agrees not to require that the other party prove that damages are insufficient in 
order to obtain equitable relief or the posting of a bond.  The party at fault agrees to waive, and to cause its 
Representatives to waive, any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such 
remedy.  Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement, but 
shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to a party.  THE PARTIES WAIVE THE 
RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE.  The prevailing party in any dispute regarding 
the enforcement of this Agreement shall be entitled to reasonable legal fees and expenses, which such 
prevailing party incurred in connection with such enforcement.   
10.
Compulsion by Law.  If a receiving party is requested or required (by oral questions, interrogations, 
requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose 
any Confidential Information, the receiving party shall, to the extent legally permissible, provide the 
disclosing party with immediate notice of such request(s) so that the disclosing party may seek an 
appropriate protective order and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. The receiving 
party agrees to cooperate with the disclosing party, at the disclosing party’s expense, in obtaining such a 
protective order. If the receiving party does not obtain such protective order or other remedy, the receiving 
party agrees to furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which, in the opinion of the 
receiving party’s counsel, the receiving party is legally compelled to disclose and the receiving party agrees 
to use its reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that, to the extent possible, confidential treatment will be 
accorded the Confidential Information. 
11.
Relationship.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to create an agency, joint venture, 
partnership or other form of business association between Hyatt, Company, and their respective affiliates, 
related companies, partners, employees, directors, officers, legal counsel, consultants or accountants hereto.  
By receiving the Confidential Information, neither party nor their respective officers, directors, employees, 
agents, prospective lenders, consultants, or principals are under any obligation to negotiate in respect of a 
transaction with respect to the Property or Business, the parties will not be bound by any verbal agreement, 
and either party may terminate at any time discussions with the other party, its officers, directors, 
employees, agents, prospective lenders or principals, at its sole and absolute discretion.  
12.
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall be deemed one agreement, but no 
counterpart shall be binding unless an identical counterpart shall have been executed and delivered by each 
of the other parties hereto. Documents executed, scanned and transmitted electronically in PDF format 
and/or electronic signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Agreement and all 
matters related thereto, with such scanned and electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original 
signatures.  
