will continue to be, reimbursed by our third-party owners and franchisees and are recognized in revenues for reimbursed costs 
and reimbursed costs on our consolidated statements of income.
Class B Share Conversion—During the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, 
1,596,064 shares, 160,626 shares, and 735,522 shares, respectively, of Class B common stock were converted on a share-for-
share basis into shares of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value per share. The shares of Class B common stock that were 
converted into shares of Class A common stock have been retired, thereby reducing the shares of Class B common stock 
authorized and outstanding.
Class B Share Repurchase—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we repurchased 3,629,480 shares of Class B 
common stock at a weighted-average price of $154.66 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 
$561 million. The shares of Class B common stock were repurchased in privately negotiated transactions from a limited liability 
company owned directly and indirectly by trusts for the benefit of certain Pritzker family members, a private foundation 
affiliated with certain Pritzker family members, and a charitable trust affiliated with certain Pritzker family members, and were 
retired, thereby reducing the shares of Class B common stock authorized and outstanding by the repurchased share amount.
Charitable Contribution—During the year ended December 31, 2022, we contributed $5 million to the Hyatt Hotels 
Foundation. The charitable contribution was recognized in general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements 
of income.
19. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
Our reportable segments are components of the business which are managed discretely and for which discrete financial 
information is reviewed regularly by the CODM to assess performance and make decisions regarding the allocation of 
resources. Our CODM is our President and Chief Executive Officer. We define our operating and reportable segments as 
follows:
•
Management and franchising—This segment derives its earnings primarily from the provision of management, 
franchising, and hotel services, or the licensing of our intellectual property to, (i) our property portfolio, (ii) our co-
branded credit card programs, and (iii) other hospitality-related businesses, including the Unlimited Vacation Club 
following the UVC Transaction. This segment also includes revenues for reimbursed costs primarily related to payroll 
at managed properties where we are the employer, as well as costs associated with system-wide services and the 
loyalty program operated on behalf of owners of managed and franchised properties. The intersegment revenues relate 
to management fees earned from our owned and leased hotels and commission fees earned from certain ALG 
Vacations bookings, both of which are eliminated in consolidation.
•
Owned and leased—This segment derives its earnings from owned and leased hotel properties located predominantly 
in the United States but also in certain international locations, and for purposes of segment Adjusted EBITDA, 
includes our pro rata share of unconsolidated hospitality ventures' Adjusted EBITDA, based on our ownership 
percentage of each venture. Adjusted EBITDA includes intercompany management fee expenses paid to our 
management and franchising segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. Intersegment revenues relate to 
promotional award redemptions earned by our owned and leased hotels related to our co-branded credit card programs 
and are eliminated in consolidation.
•
Distribution—This segment derives its earnings from distribution and destination management services offered 
through ALG Vacations and the boutique and luxury global travel platform offered through Mr & Mrs Smith. Prior to 
the UVC Transaction, this segment also included earnings from a paid membership program offering benefits 
exclusively at certain all-inclusive resorts primarily in Latin America and the Caribbean. Adjusted EBITDA includes 
intercompany commission fee expenses paid to our management and franchising segment, which are eliminated in 
consolidation. 
Within overhead, we include unallocated corporate expenses.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we revised our definition of Adjusted EBITDA to exclude transaction and 
integration costs (see Note 1), and we recast prior-period results to provide comparability. The revised definition excludes 
integration costs, which were previously recognized in integration costs during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 
general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and transaction costs, 
which were previously recognized in general and administrative expenses during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 
the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. Previously, only transaction costs recognized in gains (losses) on 
sales of real estate and other and other income (loss), net were excluded from Adjusted EBITDA. As these costs may vary in 
frequency or magnitude, we believe the revised definition presents a more representative measure of our core operations, assists 
