3 
Hyatt House 2025 Hosting Agmt 
1616961288.2
r.
“Third Party Software” means any software that is proprietary to a third party and that is 
installed and maintained on the Hosted Hardware or otherwise used in connection with the provision of the 
Services but does not include the Property Management System. 
3.
Data Ownership.  
Hyatt and Owner acknowledge and agree that ownership and access rights for the data input into the 
Property Management System shall be as set forth in the Franchise Agreement. 
4.
Services 
a.
General. Schedule 1 specifies the Hosted System to be provided by Hyatt in connection with the 
performance of the Services hereunder. The Hosted System shall be physically located at the Facility. As of and 
from the Effective Date and continuing throughout the Term, Hyatt will be responsible for daily management, 
monitoring, operation and maintenance of the Hosted System within the Facility, for the benefit of Owner and its 
Authorized Users, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Should such maintenance 
require a temporary disruption of any Services, Hyatt shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Owner 
two (2) weeks advance notice of such scheduled maintenance.  The current maintenance schedule is set forth in 
Schedule 2.  Hyatt shall update such schedule as applicable. Should any disruption be required outside of the 
agreed maintenance window (for example, for a critical incident), Hyatt shall provide Owner with prompt notice of 
such emergency maintenance. Hyatt will make every commercially reasonable effort to make any such disruptions 
as brief as possible and to schedule any such disruptions during the scheduled maintenance window. 
b.
Hotel Environment. Owner acknowledges and agrees that the performance of the Services is 
dependent upon Owner providing, at its sole cost and expense, all of the elements of the Hotel Environment. 
Owner waives any claims, without limitation, including warranty claims against Hyatt, to the extent arising from 
Owner’s failure to provide a hardware and software environment that complies with the Hotel Environment 
requirements. 
c.
Restrictions. 
Owner may only use the Hosted System and Services for Owner’s business at 
the Property. Owner will not make any representations or warranties on behalf of Hyatt or its Affiliate that are 
inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.  Owner’s failure to use the Property Management System, Third 
Party Software, Hosted Hardware, Hosted System, or Services shall not relieve Owner of any of its obligations 
hereunder, including without limitation payment obligations. Owner may not host, loan, rent, lease, resell, transfer, 
convey, assign or license the Services to any other party or sell information services to other parties through the 
use of the Property Management System, Hosted Systems or Service, whether in the form of a service bureau, 
reservation center, or other information processing entity.   
d.
Personnel.  Services may be rendered by an employee or subcontractor of Hyatt or its Affiliate 
who (a) is not solely dedicated to the Property, and may perform similar services for other hotels; (b) may perform 
Services at the Property or off-site; and (c) will conform to the reasonable rules and regulations of the Property 
when on Property premises. 
5.
Term.  
This Agreement is effective upon the Effective Date, and five (5) years from the Effective Date (the 
“Initial Term”), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms hereof. Thereafter, this Agreement shall 
automatically renew for successive 12-month renewal periods (each, a “Renewal Term” and, together with the 
Initial Term, the “Term”) unless written notice of termination is provided by either Party to the other Party at least 
ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then-applicable term. 
6.
Payments and Terms. 
a.
Payment. In consideration of the Services to be provided by Hyatt to Owner under this 
Agreement, Owner agrees to pay the then-current fees for the Services in effect as of the Service Effective Date 
