30 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
notifies Hyatt in writing of the transfer no later than thirty (30) days following the effective 
date of such Transfer; and 
(b)
any Owner who is an individual may, without Hyatt’s prior written consent 
and without complying with the other terms and conditions of Section 12.4, transfer that 
Owner’s interest in Franchisee (or Franchisee’s Owner) to a trust or other entity established 
for estate planning purposes, as long as that Owner is a trustee of, or otherwise controls the 
exercise of the rights in Franchisee (or Franchisee’s Owner) held by, the trust or other 
entity, continues to comply with and ensures the trust’s or other entity’s compliance with 
the applicable provisions of this Agreement (if such Owner is a Guarantor), and notifies 
Hyatt in writing of the transfer at least ten (10) days prior to its anticipated effective date.  
Dissolution of or transfers from any trust or other entity described in this Section 12.5(b) 
are subject to all applicable terms and conditions of Section 12.3 or 12.4. 
12.6
Security Interests.  Franchisee’s Owners may pledge their ownership interests in 
any Non-Controlling Owner to a Lender, without having to obtain Hyatt’s prior approval.  
Franchisee may mortgage or otherwise grant a Security Interest in the Hotel and its assets (but not 
this Agreement) to a Lender, and Franchisee’s Owners may pledge their ownership interests in 
Franchisee or any Controlling Owner to a Lender, without having to obtain Hyatt’s prior approval 
and without complying with the other terms and conditions of Section 12.4, provided the Lender 
signs Hyatt’s form of comfort letter pursuant to Section 2.7.  Unless otherwise specified in any 
then effective comfort letter, the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 12.3 
or 12.4) apply to any foreclosure or other exercise of any rights or remedies with respect to any 
Security Interest. 
12.7
Transfers of Equity Interest Upon Death.
Upon the death or mental 
incompetency of a person with a Controlling Ownership Interest in Franchisee or one of its 
Controlling Owners, that person’s executor, administrator, or personal representative 
(“Representative”) must, within six (6) months after the date of death or mental incompetency, 
transfer the Owner’s interest in Franchisee or the Controlling Owner to a third party or to the other 
Owner(s) of Franchisee, if any, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 12.4(a), 12.4(b), and 
12.4(f) above, and provided that at least one Guarantor that satisfies the Guarantor Monetary 
Threshold (as it may be increased in accordance with Exhibit B-1).  In the case of a transfer by 
devise or inheritance, if the heirs or beneficiaries cannot meet the foregoing conditions within this 
six (6)-month period, the Representative will have twelve (12) months from the date of death or 
mental incompetency to dispose of the interest in accordance with this Section 12.7.  If this 
required transfer does not occur within the required timeframe, Hyatt shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Franchisee, provided that Franchisee will not be 
liable for liquidated damages pursuant to Section 16.5 or Brand Damages in connection with such 
termination.    
12.8
Public Offerings and Disclosures.  
(a)
Public Offering of Securities.  Notwithstanding Sections 12.3 and 12.4, 
neither Franchisee nor any Controlling Owner may offer any ownership interests or other 
securities in a public offering for which a registration statement must be filed with the 
