Hyatt House 2025-2026 FDD 
1615740041.2
safety codes might require maps, lighting systems and other safety measures unique to lodging 
facilities. 
OSHA Regulations.  Like many other businesses, lodging facilities are subject to 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) standards.  State occupational safety 
laws and rules may also apply. 
Telephone Charges.  Federal, state and local laws and regulations affect the re-offering of 
local, intrastate, and long distance telephone service in hotel guest rooms and at coin box 
telephones.  Some states regulate or prohibit surcharges on local and intrastate calls. 
Hotel Room Occupancy Tax Laws.  You may be required to pay local or state room 
occupancy taxes in your jurisdiction. 
Menu and Labeling Laws.  Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern menu 
labeling.  These laws and regulations may, among other things, require you to post caloric 
information on menus and provide additional written nutrition information to consumers upon 
request. 
In addition to these laws, you must also comply with laws that apply generally to all 
businesses.  You should investigate these laws.   
Item 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Executive Vice President – Chief Growth Officer:  Jim Chu 
Mr. Chu has been our and Hyatt Hotels Corporation’s Executive Vice President – Chief 
Growth Officer since June 2022.  From March 2021 until May 2022, he was our and Hyatt Hotels 
Corporation’s Executive Vice President – Global Franchising and Development.  From March 
2018 until February 2021, he was our and Hyatt Hotels Corporation’s Global Head of 
Development and Owner Relations.  Each of Mr. Chu’s positions with us and our affiliates has 
been in Chicago, Illinois.  As of July 1, 2025, we expect Mr. Chu to become our and Hyatt Hotels 
Corporation’s Head of Owner Relations. 
President, Inclusive Collection: Javier Águila  
Mr. Águila has been our and Hyatt Hotels Corporation’s President, Inclusive Collection in 
Zurich, Switzerland since March 2025.  He has also been Hyatt Hotels Corporation’s Group 
President, EAME in Zurich, Switzerland since June 2022.  Before that, he was Group President of 
Europe and Global Strategy Apple Leisure Group in Madrid, Spain from February 2019 until June 
2022.  As of July 1, 2025, we expect Mr. Águila to become our and Hyatt Hotels Corporation’s 
Executive Vice President – Chief Growth Officer. 
