2 
Hyatt House 2025 CA 
1616175299.2 
party by the disclosing party, or (D) information which is incorporated into analyses, studies or internal 
reports, provided, however, such information, studies, analyses or reports shall be kept confidential in 
accordance with the receiving party’s policies and procedures it uses to protect and safeguard its own client 
confidential information. 
3.
Covenants Regarding Confidential Information.  The receiving party shall hold all Confidential 
Information received in confidence and take all necessary steps to keep the Confidential Information 
confidential with its then current protocols in order to maintain the confidential nature of the Confidential 
Information in accordance with the terms hereof.  The receiving party may only use Confidential 
Information for evaluation purposes with respect to the Property and the Business in relationship to the 
Transaction and may not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party other than to its affiliates, 
related companies, partners, employees, directors, officers, legal counsel, accountants, prospective lenders, 
consultants, advisors, principals, and existing investors (collectively, the “Representatives”) who have a 
need to know Confidential Information, provided that the party which shares the Confidential Information 
with its Representatives shall inform all such Representatives to maintain the confidentiality of the 
Confidential Information.  Receiving party shall be liable for a breach of this Agreement by its 
Representatives; provided, however, the receiving party shall not be responsible for any breach of this 
Agreement by a Representative that has executed a separate confidentiality agreement with the disclosing 
party with respect to the Transaction. 
4.
Ownership of Confidential Information.  All Confidential Information disclosed by a disclosing 
party, directly or indirectly, shall remain the exclusive property of such party.  Further, the disclosing party 
does not grant any license or rights to any Confidential Information, trademark, trade name or trade secret 
to the other party.   
5.
No Representation or Warranty.  The disclosing party does not (a) make any guarantee, warranty 
or representation whatsoever, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential 
Information, and (b) have any liability whatsoever to the receiving party relating to or resulting from the 
use of the Confidential Information or any errors therein or omissions therefrom.  The receiving party agrees 
that it is not entitled to rely on the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential Information. 
6.
Destruction of Confidential Information by Company.  Each of the parties shall immediately 
destroy all Confidential Information and all copies or summaries of Confidential Information at the earlier 
of (a) the termination of discussions between Company and Hyatt regarding the Project or (b) on the written  
request of the disclosing party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, receiving party and its Representatives may 
retain one copy of Confidential Information as may be required by (i) law, regulation or legal process, (ii) 
internal compliance or document retention policies, or (iii) with respect to digital media, such return or 
destruction is not practically feasible.  Any Confidential Information so retained shall kept confidential in 
accordance with such party’s policies and procedures it uses to protect and safeguard its own client 
confidential information.  The receiving party shall also provide to the disclosing party a certification 
executed by a duly authorized officer who has supervised compliance with the foregoing indicating that the 
requirements of this provision have been satisfied in full. 
7.
Term.  Except as otherwise set forth herein, the obligations set forth in this Agreement shall 
terminate upon the execution of definitive agreements between the parties with respect to the Transaction 
or two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, whichever occurs first; provided, however, that 
notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement, the confidentiality obligations of the Company with 
respect to a Hyatt Trade Secret shall continue until the later of (i) five (5) years from the date of this 
Agreement, and (ii) until such time that Hyatt has provided notice that the Hyatt Trade Secret is no longer 
deemed by Hyatt to be a trade secret.  
