consolidated statements of income, net of redemption expense paid to managed and franchised hotels. We are 
responsible for arranging for the redemption of promotional awards, but we do not directly fulfill the award night 
obligation except at owned and leased hotels. Therefore, we are the agent with respect to this performance 
obligation for managed and franchised hotels, and we are the principal with respect to owned and leased hotels. A 
portion of our owned and leased revenues is deferred upon initial stay as points are earned by program members at 
owned or leased hotels, and revenues are recognized upon redemption at owned or leased hotels.
The revenues recognized each period are based on the number of loyalty points redeemed and the revenue 
per point, which includes an estimate of breakage for the loyalty points that will not be redeemed. Determining 
breakage involves significant judgment, and we engage third-party actuaries to assist us in estimating the ultimate 
redemption ratios used in the breakage calculations and the amount of revenues recognized upon redemption. 
Changes to the expected ultimate redemption assumptions are reflected in the current period. Any revenues in 
excess of the anticipated future redemptions are used to fund the other operational expenses of the program.
Room rentals and other services provided at owned and leased hotels
We provide room rentals and other services to our guests, including, but not limited to, food and beverage, spa, 
laundry, and parking. These products and services each represent individual performance obligations, and in exchange for 
these services, we receive fixed amounts based on published rates or negotiated contracts. Payment is due in full at the 
time the services are rendered or the goods are provided. If a guest enters into a package including multiple goods or 
services, the fixed price is allocated to each distinct good or service based on the standalone selling price for each item. 
Revenues are recognized over time when we transfer control of the good or service to the customer. Room rental revenues 
are recognized on a daily basis as the guest occupies the room, and revenues related to other products and services are 
recognized when the product or service is provided to the guest.
Hotels commonly enter into arrangements with online travel agencies, trade associations, and other entities. As part 
of these arrangements, we may pay the other party a commission or rebate based on the revenues generated through that 
channel. We recognize revenues gross or net of rebates and commissions depending on the terms of each contract.
Global travel platform bookings
Through Mr & Mrs Smith, we offer direct booking access primarily to properties that are unaffiliated with our hotel 
portfolio and operate under other trade names or marks owned by such hotels or licensed by third parties. Mr & Mrs 
Smith also has arrangements with third-party partners that market hotel offerings through their respective booking 
channels. In exchange for bookings made directly through Mr & Mrs Smith and through third-party partners, we receive 
variable consideration representing a commission fee from hotel owners, which is based on the total transaction value of 
the associated booking. Commission fee revenues are recognized at the time of the guest's stay in distribution revenues. 
Certain bookings require prepayment for travel prior to stay. These deposits are recorded as contract liabilities on our 
consolidated balance sheets until the stay occurs, at which point revenues are recognized in distribution revenues, net of 
amounts paid to hotel owners or third-party partners.
Distribution and destination management 
ALG Vacations offers traditional leisure travel products and services on an individual and package basis to 
destinations primarily within Mexico and the Caribbean. Travel products and services include some or all of the 
following:
•
Performance obligations in which third-party suppliers are primarily responsible for providing the services and 
ALG Vacations is the agent:
•
Commercial air transportation provided by third-party air carriers—revenues are recognized at the time 
of booking, net of related payments to suppliers;
•
Hotel accommodations provided by our all-inclusive resorts and third-party branded hotels and resorts
—revenues are recognized on a net basis as the guest occupies the room;
•
Travel insurance provided by third-party insurance companies—revenues are recognized at the time of 
booking, net of related payments to suppliers;
•
Car rental reservations provided by third-party companies—revenues are recognized on a daily basis as 
the guest utilizes the rental car, net of related costs; and
