 
 
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to the liability included the following, among others: 
• 
We tested the effectiveness of the Company's controls related to the liability, including those over the estimation of the breakage assumption. 
• 
We tested the underlying data that served as the basis for the actuarial estimate, including points earned and redemptions, to test that the inputs to the 
actuarial estimate were reasonable. 
• 
With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates of the liability and compared our estimates to management's 
estimate. 
Goodwill – Refer to Note 9 to the financial statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description 
The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each year. As a result of the impairment analyses, the Company 
determined that the carrying value of a reporting unit within the management and franchising segment ("the reporting unit") was in excess of the fair value and 
recognized $110 million of goodwill impairment charges. The Company's consolidated goodwill balance as of December 31, 2024 was $2,541 million, of 
which $1,116 million related to the reporting unit. 
Management estimated the fair value of the reporting unit using a weighted methodology considering the output from both a discounted future cash flow model 
and the guideline public companies method. The fair value determination of the reporting unit required management to make significant assumptions and 
judgments related to the projected future cash flows, discount rate, and capitalization rate. 
Given the determination of fair value of the reporting unit required management to make significant assumptions and judgments related to the projected future 
cash flows, discount rate, and capitalization rate, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions involved a 
high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to the projected future cash flows, discount rate, and capitalization rate included the following, among others: 
• 
We tested the effectiveness of the Company's controls over management's goodwill impairment analyses, including those over management's selection 
of the projected future cash flows, discount rate, and capitalization rate. 
• 
We evaluated the reasonableness of management's projected future cash flows associated with the reporting unit by comparing them to (1) historical 
results, (2) internal communications to management and those charged with governance of the reporting unit, and (3) forecasted information included 
in analyst and industry reports for the Company and its peer companies. 
• 
With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate and capitalization rate by (1) testing the source 
information underlying the determination of the discount rate and capitalization rate, (2) testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, (3) 
developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management, and (4) evaluating the reasonableness 
of inputs included in the capitalization rate. 
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
Chicago, Illinois 
February 13, 2025 
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2003. 
