4 
Hyatt House 2025 Hosting Agmt 
1616961288.2
(the “Fees”), subject to Section 6(b) of this Agreement. After the Service Effective Date, the Fees may be 
increased by Hyatt on an annual basis, subject to Section 6(b) of this Agreement. Hyatt will send Owner an 
invoice for the Fees on a monthly basis.  Owner shall pay all Fees set forth on an invoice within thirty (30) days 
of the invoice date.  If Owner fails to make any payment when due then, in addition to all other remedies that 
may be available, Hyatt may charge interest on the past due amount at the rate of 1.5% per month calculated daily 
and compounded monthly or, if lower, the highest rate permitted under applicable law.      
b.
Fee Guidance.  The Fees for the Services are intended to cover the costs for Hyatt to provide 
the Services.  The Fees for such Services will be calculated in the same manner as the fees charged to hotels 
managed by a Hyatt Affiliate that are receiving similar services.    
c.
Payment Default. If any undisputed payment is more than 45 days late, Hyatt shall have the 
right to suspend its provision of Services until the date such amount is paid in full by Owner.  
7.
Warranties. 
a.
Hyatt represents and warrants to Owner as follows: 
i.
that it has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that 
Hyatt’s entering into this Agreement shall not result in a breach of or constitute a default under any agreement or 
instrument to which it is a party; 
ii.
Hyatt shall comply with all applicable laws, enactments, orders and regulations in 
connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder;  
iii.
all performance under this Agreement by Hyatt shall be in a professional, and 
workmanlike manner by appropriately qualified and experienced personnel, in accordance with industry standard 
practices and the provisions and requirements of this Agreement; and 
iv.
Hyatt shall maintain compliance with the PCI DSS for the Hosted System, including the 
security of Cardholder Data that Hyatt stores, processes or transmits on behalf of the Owner.   
v.
Hyatt shall pass through to Owner any warranties received from Oracle as may be 
available. 
vi.
Hyatt shall implement a disaster recovery program and use commercially reasonable 
efforts to maintain such program.   
b.
Owner represents and  warrants to Hyatt as follows:  
i.
it has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and that Owner’s 
entering into this Agreement shall not result in a breach of or constitute a default under any agreement or 
instrument to which it is a party;  
ii.
Owner shall comply with all applicable laws, enactments, orders and regulations in 
connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder; and 
iii.
Owner shall comply with standards and measures required under the PCI DSS 
regarding the collection, storage, use, processing and transfer of Cardholder Data and maintain the confidentiality 
and security of that Cardholder Data.   
c.
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES 
EXPRESS 
OR 
IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, 
BUT 
NOT 
LIMITED 
TO, 
THOSE 
CONCERNING 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ACCURACY OR USE.  
WITHOUT  PREJUDICE TO THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES OR ANY OF HYATT'S EXPRESS 
