20 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
for any purpose.  No partnership, joint venture, affiliate, agency, fiduciary, or employment 
relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.  Hyatt and Franchisee may not make any 
express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees, or representations, or incur any debt, in the 
name or on behalf of the other nor represent that Hyatt’s and Franchisee’s relationship is other 
than franchisor and franchisee.  Hyatt will not be obligated for any damages to any person or 
property directly or indirectly arising out of the Hotel’s operation or the business Franchisee 
conducts under this Agreement. 
8.2
Franchisee’s Notices to Public Concerning Independent Status.  Franchisee 
must provide notices making clear to the public that Hyatt is not the Hotel’s owner or operator and 
is not accountable for events occurring at the Hotel.  Franchisee also agrees to communicate clearly 
with Hotel employees in employment agreements, handbooks and other materials that Franchisee 
(or the Management Company, as applicable), and not Hyatt or its Affiliates, is the employer of 
all Hotel employees. 
8.3
Franchisee’s Indemnification and Defense of Hyatt.   
(a)
Indemnification.  In addition to Franchisee’s obligation under this 
Agreement to procure and maintain insurance, Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Hyatt Indemnified Parties against, and to reimburse any one or more of the 
Hyatt Indemnified Parties for, all Losses directly or indirectly arising out of, resulting from, 
or in connection with (i) the application Franchisee submitted to Hyatt for the rights 
granted under this Agreement; (ii) the development or operation of the Hotel, including the 
use of any Market Descriptor or Hotel IP in connection with the Hotel and any claim or 
allegation relating to the Accessibility Laws, and including claims alleging either 
intentional or negligent conduct, acts or omissions by Hyatt or its Affiliates (or any of their 
agents, employees or representatives) relating to the operation of the Hotel, the F&B 
Operations, the Spa Operations (if any) or the Hotel System, subject to Section 8.4(a); or 
(iii) Franchisee’s breach of this Agreement.   
(b)
Defense.  Franchisee shall notify Hyatt within five (5) days after receiving 
notice of any Proceeding covered in Section 8.3(a) naming any Hyatt Indemnified Party as 
a defendant or potential defendant and shall include with such notification copies of all 
correspondence or court papers relating to the Proceeding.  Franchisee agrees to defend (at 
Franchisee’s expense) the Hyatt Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Proceedings directly or indirectly arising out of, resulting from, or in connection with any 
matter described in Section 8.3(a)(i) through (iii), including those alleging a Hyatt 
Indemnified Party’s negligence or willful misconduct, subject to Section 8.4(a).  Each 
Hyatt Indemnified Party may at Franchisee’s expense defend and control the defense of 
any Proceeding described in this Section 8.3(b) and agree to settlements and take any other 
remedial, corrective, or other actions, without limiting Franchisee’s obligations under 
Section 8.3(a), provided that the Hyatt Indemnified Party will seek Franchisee’s advice and 
counsel, and keep Franchisee informed, with regard to any proposed or contemplated 
settlement. 
(c)
Separate Counsel and Settlement.  If separate counsel is appropriate in 
Hyatt’s opinion because of actual or potential conflicts of interest, Hyatt may retain 
