27 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
acceptance agreements, music license agreements and certain telecommunications agreements.  
While the Hyatt Group does not receive any fees, rebates or commissions under these mandatory 
contracts, certain of the mandatory contracts may provide for promotional or other allowances that 
the Hyatt Group then allocates among Participating Hotels, as the Hyatt Group determines or the 
applicable vendor or supplier requires, or that the Hyatt Group uses for activities benefiting all or 
substantially all Participating Hotels. 
10.
Other Corporate Services.  The Hyatt Group provides a number of other corporate 
services and programs for the benefit of Participating Hotels for which those hotels reimburse the 
Hyatt Group on a cost recovery basis, including taxes, if applicable.  These services and programs 
include group sales promotional programs and events that 2 or more Participating Hotels sponsor, 
property evaluations, profit improvement services, quality assurance materials, security services, 
certain training programs and other various services.  As part of these other corporate services, the 
Hyatt Group currently provides “upsell” services for Brand Hotels and other Participating Hotels, 
offering room upgrades to guests having reservations at the Hotel before they arrive.  If the guest 
purchases the room upgrade, you must pay the Hyatt Group a commission on the additional 
revenue.  That commission currently is 5% of the difference between the Gross Rooms Revenue 
at the upgraded rate and the Gross Rooms Revenue at the rate the guest originally booked, 
excluding taxes (the “Upsell Revenue”).  The Upsell Revenue currently does not include any 
additional revenue resulting from the upgrade, such as early arrival fees and additional revenue 
derived from upgrades to the F&B Operations or Spa Operations.   
11.
Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Program.  The Hyatt Group currently offers to 
Participating Hotels centralized resources to guide, support, and augment local and on-property 
services that leverage the expertise of our designated specialty teams for a fee (which may contain 
a profit component, not to exceed a competitive amount), pursuant to the Central Services 
Agreement and the various schedules attached to such agreement for the following services: field 
marketing, revenue management services, central sales services, global property guest services 
add-ons, and digital ancillary services.  Inclusions and deliverables for each program vary by 
service level.  Central hotel services are generally Non-Mandatory Services but in certain 
circumstances may be designated as Mandatory Services as a condition of our approval of the 
Hotel’s management company, as consideration for other items negotiated as part of the Franchise 
Agreement, or as part of the requirements of our Quality Assurance and Compliance Program.  
[Item 7 begins on next page] 
