3 
Revenue Management Services Program Schedule to Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616960069.2 
REVENUE MANAGEMENT SERVICES PROGRAM SCHEDULE  
TO CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT MASTER AGREEMENT 
SERVICES AND FEES ATTACHMENT– EFFECTIVE MARCH 2025 
Choose an item. Tier Level Service 
1.
Services. As part of Hyatt’s Revenue Management Services Program, Hyatt or its designee shall 
provide the following services: 

Resource planning, inventory controls, market segmentation, and industry and competitor 
analyses for the Property; frequency of service and number of touchpoints will vary by Tier 
Service Level selected.  

Owner agrees to provide and maintain adequate office space, equipment, systems, reports and 
materials at the Property in accordance with the System Standards (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement) including, but not limited to, access to Smith Travel Reports and to the Property’s 
proprietary systems to permit timely performance and completion of the Services. 

Owner hereby designates the following representative to direct the provision of the Services with 
respect to the Property: 
o
[Name, Title] 
o
[email] 
o
[telephone] 
2.
Fees.  Subject to section 4 of the Central Hotel Services Master Agreement, Property shall pay 
the following fees commencing on the Service Effective Date: 

If applicable, Choose an item. USD per month for any month preceding the Opening Month5

Choose an item. USD per month from and after the Opening Month 

“Opening Month” means the calendar month in which the Property first opens to the public as a 
Hyatt branded or affiliated hotel, provided that if such date occurs after the 16th day of the month, 
then the “Opening Month” is the immediately following calendar month.

In addition to payment of the Fees, Hyatt reserves the right to charge Owner for reimbursement of 
expenses reasonably incurred by Hyatt in rendering the Services, including for transportation and 
related expenses, printing, photocopying, postage, and delivery services. 
5 NTD: Delete for Tactical.
