2 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
(iii)
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with 
all lawful obligations. 
(iv)
The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed 
transfer. 
(h)
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not 
uniquely identified with the franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a 
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as a 
bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision 
that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of 
such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed 
to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
(i)
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or 
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has 
been made for providing the required contractual services. 
If the franchisor’s most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of less than 
$100,000.00, the franchisee may request the franchisor to arrange for the escrow of initial investment and 
other funds paid by the franchisee until the obligations, if any, of the franchisor to provide real estate, 
improvements, equipment, inventory, training or other items included in the franchise offering are fulfilled.  
At the option of the franchisor, a surety bond may be provided in place of escrow. 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR 
ENFORCEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to: 
State of Michigan 
Consumer Protection Division 
Attn:  Franchise Section 
670 G. Mennen Building 
Lansing, Michigan 48913 
Telephone Number:  (517) 335-7567 
Notwithstanding paragraph (f) above, we intend to enforce fully the provisions of the arbitration section in 
our Franchise Agreement.  We believe that paragraph (f) is unconstitutional and cannot preclude us from 
enforcing our arbitration provision.  If you acquire a franchise, you acknowledge that we will seek to 
enforce that section as written, and that the terms of the Franchise Agreement will govern our relationship 
with you, including the specific requirements of the arbitration section. 
