21 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
pay us under the Franchise Agreement, excluding only taxes imposed on us for the privilege of 
conducting business and calculated based on our net income, capital, net worth, gross receipts, or 
some other basis or combination of those factors, but not excluding any gross receipts taxes 
imposed on us or our affiliates for your payments intended to reimburse us or our affiliates for 
expenditures incurred for your benefit and on your behalf.  You must make these additional 
required payments in an amount necessary to provide us with after-tax receipts (taking into account 
any additional required payments) equal to the same amounts that we would have received if the 
additional tax liability or withholding had not been imposed or required. 
Explanatory Notes to All Charts 
1.
Gross Rooms Revenue, Channel Bookings, and Royalty Fee.  “Gross Rooms 
Revenue” means “Total Rooms Revenue” or its equivalent, as determined in accordance with the 
Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, Eleventh Edition, as published by the 
Educational Institute of the American Hotel and Motel Association, 2014, or a later edition that 
we approve, plus any revenue from resort fees, destination fees, or similar mandatory charges.  If 
you receive any proceeds from any business interruption insurance applicable to the rental of 
rooms at the Hotel, then there will be added to Gross Rooms Revenue an amount equal to the 
imputed gross revenues that the insurer used to calculate those proceeds.  Inclusion of resort fees, 
destination fees, or similar fees in “Gross Rooms Revenue” does not constitute our approval of or 
authorization to charge those fees.
The Royalty Fee is payable only on the subset of Gross Rooms Revenue that is generated 
from Channel Bookings.  “Channel Bookings” means all bookings at the Hotel except for those 
made through third party travel agencies (as we determine them) such as booking.com, expedia, 
and similar companies.  “Channel Bookings” also includes travel agency bookings if they are made 
under an incentive program administered by the Hyatt Group, such as the Hyatt Group’s “Privé” 
incentive program.  Your Royalty Fee will be 7% of Gross Rooms Revenue generated from 
Channel Bookings.  If you are constructing a new Hotel, we may agree to reduce your Royalty Fee 
for the first 1-3 years of the Hotel’s operations. 
2.
Electronic Payments.  You must make all payments for Royalty Fees, System 
Services Charges and other amounts due to us or any member of the Hyatt Group under the 
Franchise Agreement or relating to the Hotel by electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) in compliance 
with System Standards.  We periodically may change the procedure for payments.  You must make 
funds available in your account to cover payments when due.  You may not change your bank, 
financial institution, or account used in the operation of the Hotel without first telling us. 
3.
World of Hyatt Program.  Brand Hotels must participate in, and pay all charges 
related to, the Hyatt Group’s frequent guest loyalty program (the “Loyalty Program”), called the 
“World of Hyatt” program.  The Hyatt Group assesses each Participating Hotel and certain other 
hotels an amount in the Hyatt Group’s discretion to operate the Loyalty Program, which amount 
may change periodically.  The assessment for each participating Brand Hotel (including the Hotel) 
is currently 4.5% of all eligible revenue generated at that hotel from members of the program 
(excluding applicable taxes) who provide their World of Hyatt member number when booking or 
2.25% of that eligible revenue when a guest is enrolled on-property in World of Hyatt for that 
enrolling stay.  
