5 
1616961488.2 
Upon completion of the Project, Franchisee shall give Hyatt a written certificate or opinion from 
Franchisee’s architect, licensed professional engineer, or recognized expert consultant stating that 
the Hotel conforms to all applicable Legal Requirements (including, without limitation, 
requirements governing public accommodations for persons with disabilities).   
At Hyatt’s request, Franchisee (i) must give Hyatt copies of all certificates of architects, 
contractors, engineers, and designers and such other similar verifications and information Hyatt 
reasonably requests and (ii) make available to Hyatt copies of all reports, studies, draw requests, 
schedules and other documents and materials of Franchisee, its contractors, suppliers and 
consultants relating to the design, construction and furnishing of the Hotel. 
Hyatt shall have the right to visit the Site as often as reasonably necessary to ensure the Project is 
being developed, constructed and equipped in accordance with the Design and Construction 
Standards and in accordance with the Development Timetable.  Hyatt will use reasonable efforts to 
provide Franchisee with twenty-four (24) hours’ advance notice of any visits to be made to the Site 
by representatives of Hyatt or its affiliates in performance of services hereunder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the fees and expenses payable to all the Consultants (including, without 
limitation, the salary and expenses of the Project Manager and any FF&E Manager engaged by 
Franchisee in connection with the planning, building, furnishing, equipping and decorating of the 
Hotel, and any and all costs and expenses incurred by Hyatt’s IT support services personnel), shall 
be paid directly by Franchisee independent of any fees paid by Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
4. 
SPARE PARTS 
In addition to the FF&E to be included in the Project per the final plans and specifications for the 
Project, Franchisee shall, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, cause the Project to include the 
spare parts set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto, which shall be a part of the Hotel upon the 
Opening Date.  The quantities listed are the minimum acceptable.  All quantities are to be rounded 
up to the next whole number. 
Franchisee shall provide Hyatt with notification of any changes to the projected opening date of 
the Hotel (as set forth in the Franchise Agreement) as soon as Franchisee becomes aware of any 
such changes.  In the event of a material delay of such projected opening date, Hyatt shall have the 
right to evaluate the Preliminary Area Program to ensure the Project’s program continues to meet 
the Design and Construction Standards then in effect. 
5. 
GENERAL TERMS 
The use of Design and Construction Standards for the Project shall in no way give rise to any 
liability on the part of Hyatt or its affiliates for any defect or deficiency.  Franchisee and its 
affiliates, consultants and other persons using the Design and Construction Standards must verify 
through their own means and consultants (architect, engineers, and other professionals), their 
compliance with any law and adequacy for the intended purpose.  Hyatt and its affiliates make no 
