48 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
Training 
Our current required initial training program has 7 parts: the Owner Briefing, the 
owner/operator orientation program, the General Manager University (“GMU”), the operations 
training program, the sales/catering/revenue training program, the training programs for other 
Hotel personnel, and the Pre-Opening Brand Training.  Except for any optional courses that we 
choose to provide, all initial training is mandatory.  Our Franchise People & Learning Department 
administers and directs all of our initial training in coordination with our corporate operations 
team.  Julie Suh, Associate Vice President, People & Learning, leads the Franchise People & 
Learning Department.  Julie joined us and our affiliates in 2022.  She has over 20 years of 
experience in the hotel/hospitality industry.  We also have a staff of training professionals who 
conduct various training programs.  These staff members typically have at least 15 years of 
experience in hotel and/or learning and development roles and at least 5 years of experience with 
us or our affiliates.  The System Standards, videos, charts, pamphlets, and other training aids serve 
as the instructional materials for the training programs.  You must pay us the fees and expenses 
described in Item 5 and Item 6 and you are responsible for all travel and living expenses (including 
travel, lodging, food and beverage, and miscellaneous charges) for your personnel. 
Owner Briefing 
Your managing owner or senior operations officer must attend a briefing, either virtually 
or at our corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, within 6 months (for new construction hotels) 
or 3 months (for conversion hotels) after signing the Franchise Agreement.  Our SVP Global 
Franchise Operations & Owner Relations supervises this briefing, which we hold whenever 
necessary.  There are no instructional materials or tasks that your managing owner or senior 
operations officer must complete to our satisfaction.  As of the date of this disclosure document, 
this 2-day briefing takes place in a classroom or virtual setting covers the following topics: 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Owner Briefing 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On the 
Job Training 
Location 
An overview of our building 
process and support structure 
8 
0 
Chicago, Illinois, a Hyatt 
hotel location we designate, 
or virtually 
Total Hours – Owners Briefing 
8 
0
Owner/Operator Orientation 
Your managing owner and senior operations officer must attend and complete to our 
satisfaction the owner/operator orientation program (“Orientation”) within 6 months after signing 
the Franchise Agreement for existing Brand Hotels or within 6 months after the Hotel’s opening 
