A-10 
1616961488.2 
applicable codes and standards, approval or approval by the Authority Having 
Jurisdiction (AHJ) shall be documented and kept on file by Franchisee.  

Throughout the Design and Construction Standards references are made to 
contacting and/or obtaining approval from Hyatt.  Hyatt’s Representative shall be 
appointed at the beginning of the design process for new hotels, and shall be 
responsible for project oversight on behalf of Hyatt.  Hyatt will designate a 
qualified employee of one of its affiliates to act as the Hyatt Representative and, to 
the extent that Hyatt does so, all references to Hyatt in this document shall be 
deemed to include all such employees of Hyatt’s affiliates. 
11.
FRANCHISEE DELIVERABLES 
11.1.
All Franchisee deliverables described in or required under this Exhibit (the 
“Franchisee Deliverables”) shall be prepared and submitted for approval by Hyatt 
in accordance with a schedule to be mutually agreed by Franchisee and Hyatt, and 
such 
Franchisee 
Deliverables 
shall 
directed 
to 
Hyatt 
at: 
Americas.Design.Services@hyatt.com, or such other address as specified by Hyatt.  
The following is an outline of the required Design Review Submittal Process that 
will facilitate the review and release of the design plans, construction plans and 
specifications as well as the subsequent completion of a new Brand hotel.  All 
reviews and releases shall be in English, in writing or Franchisee shall provide 
Hyatt with an English written translation.  Submittal of all design and construction 
plans and specifications are to be made in hard copy format as follows:   
A Hyatt Representative will be in attendance at key design coordination meetings 
as mutually agreed by Franchisee and Hyatt: 
1.
Conceptual Design Submittal – This step shall contain the conceptual 
designs and planning exercises and shall be submitted to Hyatt at the milestones 
indicated below.  The conceptual design documents will include at minimum the 
following items, without limitation. 
-
Layout plans 
-
Sketches and conceptual imagery to illustrate the general planning 
and design aesthetic for the Project. 
-
MEP, FLS, IT Basis of Design Narrative 
Unacceptable designs or incomplete submittals may need to be resubmitted.  Hyatt 
will issue a formal review prior to moving onto the next step.  A 50% concept 
design presentation and a 100% concept design document submittal shall be 
submitted by Franchisee or its Consultants according to the deadlines specified by 
Hyatt for the Project.  After review of physical installed Mock-up Room, all final 
approved FF&E and architectural finishes and designs to be installed in a Prototype 
Room within the hotel structure, as a first-in-place example of approved design, fit, 
finish, and workmanship. 
