22 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
Under separate contractual arrangements, the following companies will participate in 
alliances with the World of Hyatt program in 2025:  (i) the master licensee for Hyatt Residence 
Club and Hyatt Vacation Club, our shared ownership brands; (ii) HyCard, Inc., our affiliate (in 
relation with JPMorgan Chase Bank, the issuing company of the World of Hyatt credit cards); (iii) 
American Airlines; and (iv) Headspace, Inc.  The Hyatt Group may allocate assessments for these 
programs at different rates than those applied to Brand Hotels, given the difference in the products 
and services being offered to Loyalty Program members.  Owners of Participating Hotels bear no 
cost from including these programs in the Loyalty Program.  The Hyatt Group also may agree to 
other similar joint marketing or co-branding arrangements in the future. 
Currently, the Hyatt Group deposits all funds that it collects for the Loyalty Program 
(including sales of points and other related fees) into segregated accounts and invests a portion of 
the funds in various investment securities (primarily fixed income) that independent investment 
managers manage.  These funds are designated to fund the Loyalty Program obligations, including 
all marketing and administrative costs, and current and future award redemptions.  The Hyatt 
Group 
may 
periodically 
change 
the 
method 
of 
funding 
the 
Loyalty  
Program, the assessment methodology and other program attributes.  An independent accounting 
firm audits the Loyalty Program on an annual basis and we will make copies of the audit reports 
available upon request.  We may periodically change the assessment methodology and other 
program attributes in the future. 
The Hyatt Group also has contractual arrangements with participating airlines under which 
Participating Hotel guests may choose to receive airline miles, in lieu of Loyalty Program points, 
as a result of their stay.  The Participating Hotel must pay the actual cost of those miles that the 
airline charges to the Hyatt Group.  Guests choosing airline miles for a stay at a Participating Hotel 
are not entitled to Loyalty Program points for that stay.  
4.
Quality Assurance, Franchisee Compliance, and Guest Satisfaction.  The Hotel 
must participate in quality assurance, compliance and guest satisfaction programs that we 
periodically develop and modify (collectively, the “Quality Assurance and Compliance 
Program”).  You must pay your allocable share of all fees and other costs associated with the 
Quality Assurance and Compliance Program.  Our representatives may inspect or audit the Hotel 
at any time, with or without notice to you, to determine whether you and the Hotel are complying 
with the Hotel System, System Standards, and the terms of the Franchise Agreement, and you will 
give them free lodging (subject to availability) during the inspection period.  If we determine that 
the Hotel is not complying with the Hotel System, System Standards, or any other Franchise 
Agreement provisions, then you will pay or bear the cost of the Hotel’s allocable share of all fees 
and other costs associated with the Quality Assurance and Compliance Program to correct the non-
compliance.  This includes (a) reimbursing our costs related to your non-compliance, such as travel 
and living expenses, guest satisfaction payments or expenses, and other costs for administering 
any necessary actions, follow-up inspections, audits or re-evaluation visits until you have fully 
corrected the non-compliance, (b) paying for meetings and additional brand standards training 
programs that we specify and require your personnel to attend relating to your non-compliance, 
and (c) paying program fees which we and/or our affiliates may use to promote guest satisfaction 
initiatives for Hyatt Network Hotels.  These amounts will vary depending on the extent of your 
non-compliance and may increase if our costs increase.  Currently, we impose the following fees 
for each 6-month FIP stage if the Hotel is placed in or remains in FIP protocols as a result of QA 
