1 
Revenue Management Services Program Schedule to Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616960069.2 
REVENUE MANAGEMENT SERVICES PROGRAM SCHEDULE  
TO CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT MASTER AGREEMENT 
This Revenue Management Services Program Schedule (“Schedule”) is made effective as of [INSERT 
DATE] (“Schedule Effective Date”) subject to and part of the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master 
Agreement entered into by the parties listed in the signature block below.  All capitalized terms not defined 
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master Agreement 
or the Franchise Agreement, as applicable.   
The Services under this Schedule shall be effective commencing on such date as Hyatt may designate in 
writing to Owner (email shall suffice) and, if no date is specifically designated by Hyatt in writing, then 
commencing: (a) if the Property is already operating as of the Schedule Effective Date, on a date Hyatt 
determines not less than ninety (90) days following the Schedule Effective Date or (b) if this Schedule is 
being executed in connection with the development of a new hotel, on a date Hyatt determines 
approximately ninety (90) days prior to the anticipated or scheduled opening of the Property for the 
“Tactical” or “Essential” tier level service or one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the anticipated or 
scheduled opening of the Hotel for the “Premium” tier level service (unless, in either case, Hyatt consents 
to an earlier date) (“Service Effective Date”) and continuing until terminated in accordance with this 
section.  From the Service Effective Date until this Schedule is terminated or until this Schedule is replaced 
with an Updated Services Schedule that sets forth new Services or Fees, each party shall fulfill its 
obligations hereunder. Owner acknowledges that Hyatt may update the Services and related prices at any 
time by providing the Property an Updated Services Schedule ninety (90) days in advance, which may be 
provided electronically via email or by posting to any intranet for Hyatt branded or affiliated hotels. Owner 
agrees to be responsible for any subsequently updated Fees as listed on an Updated Services Schedule. 
This Schedule may be terminated as follows: 
a.
Either party may terminate this Schedule for any reason or no reason by notifying the other 
party in writing at least days ninety (90) days in advance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
event of termination by Owner pursuant to this subsection a. the effective date of such termination 
shall be no earlier than [Insert Date]4;  
b.
This Schedule shall automatically terminate if (i) the Franchise Agreement expires or is 
terminated and Owner does not enter into a franchise agreement, hotel management agreement or 
hotel services agreement with Hyatt or its affiliate such that the Property continues to operate under 
a Hyatt brand or affiliation immediately following termination, or (ii) the Central Hotel Services 
by Hyatt Master Agreement expires or is terminated; and/or 
c.
If either party commits a material breach of any provision of this Schedule and has failed 
to cure such breach within ten (10) days of receiving written notice, the other party may terminate 
this Schedule immediately upon written notice.   
Upon termination of this Schedule, Owner shall remit to Hyatt payment for Services rendered through the 
effective date of termination. 
[Signature Page to Follow] 
4 NTD: Delete this entire sentence if there is no term commitment being made by the hotel.
