6 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
subject to Reasonable Deviations) that Franchisee requests, and that Hyatt (at its option) agrees to 
provide, in connection with the Hotel’s development or conversion.  Hyatt’s review and approval 
of plans, its providing construction, design, architectural, planning and/or related services in 
connection with the Hotel (whether before or after signing this Agreement), and its approval to 
open the Hotel in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks are intended only to determine compliance 
with Hyatt’s pre-opening requirements.  Hyatt’s determination that Franchisee has met all of 
Hyatt’s pre-opening requirements will not constitute a representation or warranty, express or 
implied, that the Hotel complies with any laws or is safe for occupancy, nor shall such 
determination act as a waiver of Franchisee’s non-compliance, or of Hyatt’s right to demand full 
compliance, with such pre-opening requirements or any other provision of this Agreement.  Hyatt 
will have no liability to Franchisee for the Hotel’s construction or renovation.  It is Franchisee’s 
responsibility to ensure that the Hotel (a) complies with Hyatt’s requirements as communicated to 
Franchisee by Hyatt, (b) complies with all Accessibility Laws and other applicable ordinances, 
building codes, and permit requirements, and (c) is safe for occupancy.   
2.7
Comfort Letter Parties.  Franchisee must cause each Comfort Letter Party to sign 
a comfort letter or other agreement that Hyatt reasonably specifies under which such Comfort 
Letter Party agrees, among other things, to assume Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement 
(subject to Hyatt’s rights under ARTICLE XII) if the Comfort Letter Party or any of its Affiliates 
acquires title or otherwise assumes possession, or the right to sell or direct the disposition of, the 
Hotel’s real property or building and improvements.  Franchisee shall pay Hyatt its then current 
comfort letter fee for each comfort letter that Hyatt negotiates relating to the Hotel.  In addition, 
upon Hyatt’s request from time to time, Franchisee must cause each Comfort Letter Party to sign 
and deliver to Hyatt an estoppel in the form that Hyatt reasonably specifies concerning the status 
of Franchisee’s contractual relationship with that Comfort Letter Party. 
2.8
Hotel System Variations.  Franchisee acknowledges that Hyatt and its Affiliates 
may operate, and authorize others to operate, Brand Hotels within or outside the United States 
providing additional, fewer and/or different amenities and services to guests than the Hotel 
provides or that otherwise operate in a manner that is substantially different from the manner in 
which the Hotel operates.  Hyatt may establish and periodically modify the Hotel System and 
System Standards for certain Brand Hotels in a manner that is different from the Hotel System and 
System Standards that apply to some or all Brand Hotels.  
ARTICLE III 
TRAINING, GUIDANCE AND ASSISTANCE 
3.1
Training.   
(a)
Owner and Management Company Orientation.  Within the time period 
that Hyatt reasonably specifies after the Effective Date, (i) Franchisee’s managing owner 
and senior operations officer must attend an owner orientation program, and (ii) a senior 
operations officer for Franchisee’s initial Management Company must attend an operator 
orientation program, in each case virtually, at Hyatt’s headquarters in Chicago, Illinois or 
at another location Hyatt designates, unless such person has previously attended Hyatt’s 
