8 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
3.2
Providing System Standards.  Hyatt shall provide Franchisee access to the System 
Standards during the Term.  Franchisee must comply with the System Standards, as Hyatt 
periodically modifies them, except for any employment-related or other policies and procedures 
which are clearly indicated in the System Standards as being for Franchisee’s optional use.  Hyatt 
may communicate the System Standards to Franchisee using various means that Hyatt may 
periodically establish, including electronic media and/or written materials, and Franchisee agrees 
continuously to monitor and access any updates to the System Standards or other aspects of the 
Hotel System.  Franchisee agrees to restrict (and ensure the Management Company restricts) 
access to the System Standards in accordance with Hyatt’s policies, as Hyatt periodically modifies 
them.  If there is a dispute over their contents, Hyatt’s master version of the System Standards 
controls.  Franchisee agrees that the System Standards and any passwords or other digital 
identifications necessary to access the System Standards are part of the Confidential Information.  
3.3
CRS, GDS, ADS and IT Services.  During the period before the Hotel’s Opening 
Date that Hyatt reasonably specifies and continuing for the remainder of the Term, Hyatt shall 
provide Franchisee access to the CRS and listings in advertising publications that Hyatt 
periodically specifies.  Hyatt also may, at its option, provide IT project management 
implementation services and other services relating to the computing equipment and other 
technology at the Hotel during the Term.  Franchisee must pay Hyatt’s reasonable fees and 
reimburse Hyatt’s expenses in connection with such assistance.  
3.4
General Guidance and Assistance.  During the Term, Hyatt may advise 
Franchisee from time to time regarding the Hotel’s operation, for example, with respect to System 
Standards and advertising and marketing materials and programs.  If Franchisee requests, and 
Hyatt agrees to provide, additional or special guidance, assistance, or training, Franchisee agrees 
to pay Hyatt’s then applicable charges and travel and living expenses.  Any specific training, 
guidance or assistance that Hyatt provides does not create an obligation (whether by course of 
dealing or otherwise) to continue providing that specific training, guidance or assistance, all of 
which Hyatt may periodically modify. 
3.5
Other Arrangements and Delegation.  Hyatt may make arrangements with its 
Affiliates or other third parties to provide development, marketing, operations, administration, 
technical, and support functions, facilities, services, and/or personnel related to the Hotel System.  
Hyatt may delegate the performance of any portion or all of its obligations under this Agreement 
to third party designees, whether these designees are its Affiliates, agents, or independent 
contractors with whom Hyatt contracts to perform these obligations.  If Hyatt does so, the third 
party designees will be obligated to perform the delegated functions for Franchisee in compliance 
with this Agreement. 
ARTICLE IV 
OPERATION OF THE HOTEL 
4.1
System Services.  If Franchisee is in full compliance with its obligations under this 
Agreement, Hyatt or one or more members of the Hyatt Group will provide to Franchisee those 
System Services periodically specified by Hyatt for Brand Hotels.  Franchisee must participate in 
all Mandatory Services and related programs, and may (at Franchisee’s option) participate in any 
