36 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
If the Hyatt Group receives any payments from vendors or service providers whose costs 
are included as part of System Services Costs, the Hyatt Group currently will offset them against 
System Services Costs.  We and our affiliates may receive rebates, commissions, payments, 
benefits and other material consideration from suppliers on account of their actual or prospective 
dealings with you and other franchisees and owners of Brand Hotels, but neither we nor our 
affiliates will receive rebates from suppliers based solely on the volume of your purchases from 
those suppliers unless we either forward those rebates to you, use them to cover System Services 
Costs, or otherwise use those rebates for the benefit of the Hotel System or the Brand Hotel 
network.  During the 2024 fiscal year, Hyatt Corporation received $7,917 in rebates from suppliers 
of food and beverage products and office supplies based on purchases that franchised Brand Hotels 
made from those suppliers, but Hyatt Corporation used this entire amount to offset part of the 
System Services Costs.  In addition, Brand Hotel network suppliers attending franchisee 
conventions, conferences, or other meetings of Brand Hotel owners make contributions to us or 
other members of the Hyatt Group (which do not derive from franchisee purchases) that we use to 
defray your and other franchisees’ and owners’ costs of attending these functions.  Except for these 
payments, neither we nor our affiliates currently receive, or have negotiated to receive, similar 
payments or other material consideration from suppliers based on our franchisees’ purchases or 
leases, although our affiliates currently receive rebates from suppliers based on goods and services 
they buy for Brand Hotels that they operate. 
You also must participate in and comply with the terms of all of our mandatory marketing, 
reservation service, rate and room inventory management, advertising, guest frequency and 
loyalty, social responsibility, discount or promotional, customer award, customer loyalty, Internet, 
computer, training and operating programs, including a PMS that interfaces with the CRS or any 
other central reservation system that we periodically adopt.  We may periodically establish and/or 
coordinate these programs with third parties we designate.  These third parties might (but need 
not) be our affiliates.  You must sign and comply with any license, participation and other 
agreements we periodically specify relating to these programs. 
You may not make any material changes to the Hotel’s construction, including any changes 
to any structural or life safety equipment or systems, the number and/or type of guest rooms or 
common areas, or any architectural features, without our prior written consent and complying with 
our conditions and procedures.  We may periodically require you to upgrade or renovate the Hotel, 
including by altering the Hotel’s appearance and/or replacing a material portion of improvements 
and/or FF&E, to comply with then current building décor, appearance, trade dress standards and 
other aspects of the Hotel System that we have established and then require for new similarly 
situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations (defined below)).  This upgrading or 
renovation might require you to invest additional capital in the Hotel and/or incur higher operating 
costs.  You must implement the upgrading and renovation within the time period we request.  
However, all of these upgrades and renovations will apply to similarly situated Brand Hotels 
(subject to Reasonable Deviations).  In order to assist you in having funds available to make any 
necessary capital expenditures at the Hotel and comply with your upgrade and renovation 
obligations (but without limiting those obligations), you must deposit into a separate account that 
you control 5% of the Hotel’s total operating revenue each month.  You will use these funds only 
to make approved capital expenditures and comply with your upgrade and renovation obligations, 
although your obligations may require you to spend more than the amount in the account. 
