31 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
final Hotel configuration.  This item also includes costs for insurance, legal and accounting 
expenses.
6. 
Revenue management fees and field marketing program fees.  These items include 
revenue management program fees and field marketing program fees, respectively, during the pre-
opening period and the first 3 months of operation.  We describe these fees in Item 5.   
7. 
Pre-opening marketing and sales expenses.  This item includes costs for marketing 
and sales programs that you undertake before the Hotel opens, including payments of the 
applicable System Services Charges during the pre-opening period and the costs to establish and 
operate a sales office during the pre-opening period.  It does not include field marketing or revenue 
management program fees that you pay to us if you participate in those programs. 
8. 
Liquor license.  Liquor license costs vary widely depending on the jurisdiction.  In 
most jurisdictions, the cost will be on the low end of the range, but could be on the high end (or 
even exceed the high end) in those jurisdictions that consider a liquor license to be an asset.  You 
may be able to apply for a full spirits liquor license and pay standard costs for this license that 
would be on the lower end of the estimate.  However, if your property is located in a “quota” city 
or state, you might need to locate and purchase a full spirits liquor license on the open market, 
which could mean your anticipated costs are on the mid-to-high range of this cost estimate.  If you 
purchase a liquor license on the open market, you may be able to re-sell your liquor license in 
those jurisdictions to another licensee if you sell your Hotel.  The liquor license that you apply for 
or purchase must include beer, wine and full spirits, as allowable under applicable law in the 
Hotel’s jurisdiction.  If you engage a third party to be the F&B Operator (defined in Item 8), 
depending on the jurisdiction, you might not need a liquor license. 
9. 
Additional marketing and design to create brand identity.  If you are opening a new 
Brand Hotel, you will incur additional marketing and design costs to promote and create a new 
brand identity and tradename for your Brand Hotel.  This item estimates your additional costs for 
marketing, design, public relations, and social media.
10. 
Miscellaneous pre-opening costs.  This item includes costs for office and other 
supplies, wages for Hotel management and employees before opening and other miscellaneous 
pre-paid opening expenses, as well as estimated amounts you may pay to us or our affiliates for 
optional training or consulting services.  
11. 
Additional funds – 3 months.  This item estimates your initial start-up expenses 
(other than the items identified separately in the table).  These expenses include payroll costs for 
the Hotel’s personnel but not any management fees or similar draw.  These figures are estimates, 
and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business.  Your 
costs depend on how closely you follow our methods and procedures; your management skill, 
experience, and business acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for the Hotel’s 
services; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period. 
12. 
Total estimated initial investment (excluding real estate costs).  The estimated 
amounts presented in the table above are to construct a new, full-size Brand Hotel with 150 to 250 
guest rooms, according to the Design and Construction Standards and the Hotel System.  We relied 
on our affiliates’ experience in developing and operating hotels since 1957 to compile the estimate 
