44 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
7.
Conduct periodic inspections of the Hotel and otherwise maintain the 
Quality Assurance and Compliance Program for the Brand Hotel franchise network.  
(Section 4.8 of Franchise Agreement) 
8.
Provide hosting and subscription services for the Hotel’s PMS when you 
sign the Hosting Services Agreement (Section 1 of Hosting Services Agreement). 
9.
Continue to provide revenue management services if we choose to offer and 
either you chose to acquire them or we determine that you must acquire them.  (Revenue 
Management Services Program Schedule) 
10.
Continue to provide field marketing program services for the Hotel if we 
choose to offer and you choose to acquire them (Field Marketing Program Schedule) 
11.
Provide central sales services, add-on global property guest services, or 
digital ancillary services if we choose to offer and you choose to acquire them.  (Central 
Sales Services Program Schedule, GPGS Program Schedule, and Digital Ancillary 
Services Program Schedule) 
Advertising and Marketing 
Except for the System Services, which we describe in Item 6, there are no advertising funds 
or local or regional advertising cooperatives to which franchisees or other Brand Hotel operators 
must contribute.  However, promoting Brand Hotels as a single chain in the United States is an 
important part of the Hotel System, so you must participate in and use, in the manner we specify, 
all advertising, marketing and promotional activities, materials and programs that we periodically 
require for similarly situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable Deviations).  (Section 5.2 of 
Franchise Agreement)  The Hyatt Group prepares advertising, marketing and promotional 
programs as part of System Services.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement)  These programs may 
cover any media (including print, radio, television and electronic) and their scope may be local, 
regional, national or international or focus on a subset of hotels (like resort hotels or convention 
hotels).  The Hyatt Group’s corporate personnel and advertising agencies develop these programs.  
We will not use funds that franchisees pay for System Services principally to solicit new franchise 
sales.  We will not prepare any periodic accounting of how we and our affiliates spend these funds.  
The Hyatt Group need not spend any amount on advertising, marketing or promotional programs 
in the area where the Hotel is located.  There currently are no franchisee advertising councils that 
advise us on advertising and marketing policies.  However, we may form, change, and dissolve 
these councils. 
You must ensure that all advertising, marketing, and promotional materials, all public 
relations plans and programs, and all uses of the Proprietary Marks are conducted in a dignified 
manner and comply with the System Standards, including the use of our standard templates where 
applicable, and which may, at our option, require our prior approval of materials that we have not 
previously approved.  You must discontinue using any materials (including previously-approved 
materials) and stop engaging in any plans and programs (including previously-approved plans and 
programs) within the timeframe we specify after you receive written notice from us.  You may not 
use Guest Information (defined in Item 14) in conducting marketing, advertising and promotional 
