H-5 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
under any applicable law or any agreement to which the undersigned is a party or by which it is 
bound, and does not require the consent of any third party that has not been obtained. 
8.
Expenses.  If Hyatt is required to enforce this Guaranty in a judicial or arbitration 
proceeding and prevails in such proceeding, Guarantor shall reimburse Hyatt for Hyatt’s costs and 
expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable accountants’, attorneys’, attorneys’ assistants’, 
arbitrators’, and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other 
litigation expenses, and travel and living expenses, whether incurred prior to, in preparation for, 
or in contemplation of the filing of any such proceeding.  If Hyatt is required to engage legal 
counsel in connection with any failure by the undersigned to comply with this Guaranty, the 
undersigned shall reimburse Hyatt for any of the above-listed costs and expenses Hyatt incurs even 
if Hyatt does not commence a judicial or arbitration proceeding. 
9.
Effect of Bankruptcy.  In the event that, pursuant to any insolvency, bankruptcy, 
reorganization, receivership or other debtor relief law, or any judgment, order or decision 
thereunder, Hyatt must rescind or restore any payment, or any part thereof, received by Hyatt in 
satisfaction of the Guaranteed Obligations, as set forth herein, any prior release or discharge from 
the terms of this Guaranty given to Guarantor by Hyatt shall be without effect, and this Guaranty 
and the Guaranteed Obligations shall remain in full force and effect.  It is the intention of 
Franchisee and Guarantor that Guarantor's obligations hereunder shall not be discharged except 
by Guarantor's performance of such obligations and then only to the extent of such performance. 
10.
Notices.  All notices, consents, approvals and requests required or permitted 
hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be effective for all purposes (a) at the time delivered 
by hand; (b) at the time delivered via computer transmission if the sender has confirmation of a 
successful transmission; (c) one (1) business day after transmission by facsimile or other electronic 
system if the sender has confirmation of successful transmission; (d) one (1) business day after 
being placed in the hands of a nationally recognized commercial courier service for next business 
day delivery; or (e) three (3) business days after placement in the United States Mail by Certified 
Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows (or at such other address 
and Person as shall be designated from time to time by any party hereto): 
If to Guarantor: 
with a copy to: 
