38 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
Website; (c) suspend or terminate any temporary or other fee reductions to which Hyatt might have 
agreed in this Agreement or any amendment(s) to this Agreement; and/or (d) refuse to provide any 
operational support that this Agreement otherwise requires.  If Hyatt suspends Franchisee from the 
CRS, Hyatt has the right to divert reservations previously made for the Hotel to other Brand Hotels 
or Hyatt Network Hotels.  If Hyatt exercises its right to suspend Franchisee’s access to the CRS 
or other System Services, such suspension will last no more than six (6) months, after which time 
Hyatt shall either reinstate Franchisee’s access or terminate this Agreement.  Hyatt’s exercise of 
this right will not constitute an actual or constructive termination of this Agreement nor be Hyatt’s 
sole and exclusive remedy for Franchisee’s default or failure to comply with this Agreement.  If 
Hyatt exercises its right not to terminate this Agreement but to implement any remedies in this 
Section 15.3, Hyatt may at any time after the appropriate cure period under the written notice has 
lapsed (if any) terminate this Agreement without giving Franchisee any additional corrective or 
cure period.  During any suspension period, Franchisee must continue to pay all fees and other 
amounts due under, and otherwise comply with, this Agreement and all related agreements.  
Hyatt’s exercise of its rights under this Section 15.3 will not be a waiver by Hyatt of any breach 
of this Agreement.  If Hyatt rescinds any suspension of Franchisee’s rights, Franchisee will not be 
entitled to any compensation for any fees, expenses or losses Franchisee might have incurred due 
to Hyatt’s exercise of any suspension right provided in this Section 15.3. 
15.4
General Provisions Concerning Default and Termination.  In any arbitration or 
other proceeding in which the validity of any termination of this Agreement or Hyatt’s refusal to 
enter into a successor franchise agreement is contested, each party may cite to and rely upon all 
defaults or violations of this Agreement, not only the defaults or violations referenced in any 
written notice.  Franchisee agrees that Hyatt has the right and authority (but not the obligation) to 
notify Franchisee’s Lender and any or all of Franchisee’s Owners, creditors and/or suppliers if 
Franchisee is in default under, or Hyatt has terminated, this Agreement. 
ARTICLE XVI 
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION 
16.1
De-Identification.  Beginning on the date upon which this Agreement terminates 
or expires, Franchisee must immediately cease using the Hotel System and begin to de-identify 
the Hotel by taking whatever action Hyatt deems necessary to ensure that the Hotel no longer is 
identified as a Brand Hotel.  Franchisee agrees to take the following steps, among other actions 
that Hyatt then specifies, to de-identify the Hotel: 
(a)
return to Hyatt all Copyrighted Materials, and all materials containing 
Confidential Information (other than Guest Information stored in the Hotel’s property 
management system database that Franchisee is permitted to use after this Agreement’s 
expiration or termination pursuant to Section 11.6) or bearing any of the Proprietary Marks, 
and cease using all such items;  
(b)
remove all structures and items identifying the Hotel System, including all 
elements of the trade dress and other distinctive features, devices, and/or items associated 
with the Hotel System, such as (for example) FF&E that is uniquely identified with a Brand 
Hotel and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels, interior signage, phone face plates, memo pads, 
