45 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
programs for the Hotel, except for programs conducted by or through us or with our supervision 
in each instance.   (Section 5.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
Except for the Hotel System Website, a Hotel-Specific Website (defined below), approved 
ADS, and as otherwise provided below, you may not develop, maintain or authorize any other 
website, other online presence or other electronic medium that describes or in any other way 
promotes the Hotel or displays any of the Proprietary Marks, without our prior written approval. 
The “Hotel System Website” is a website that we or one or more members of the Hyatt 
Group develops, maintains and/or authorizes for all or a certain group of Brand Hotels that we 
periodically specify (and, at our option, other Hyatt Network Hotels).  We currently provide each 
participating Brand Hotel a separate webpage on the Hotel System Website.  You must comply 
with all System Standards relating to the Hotel System Website, including by providing us (or our 
designee) all information and other materials concerning the Hotel that we periodically request 
and promptly notifying us whenever any information concerning the Hotel on the Hotel’s webpage 
is no longer accurate.  By providing Hotel-related information and materials, you are representing 
to us that they are accurate and not misleading and do not infringe any third party’s intellectual 
property or other rights.  We have the final decision about all information or materials appearing 
on the Hotel System Website.  As between us and you, we own all intellectual property rights and 
other rights in and to the Hotel System Website, including all data that visitors supply or the Hotel 
System Website obtains.  We may discontinue the Hotel System Website and/or any of its content 
(including separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time. 
You may develop, maintain or authorize a website or other electronic medium featuring 
the Hotel to consumers (the “Hotel-Specific Website”) only with our approval and subject to the 
conditions described here.  The Hotel-Specific Website may not use the word “hyatt,” “unbound” 
or any similar word, or any of the Proprietary Marks, as part of its domain name or URL.  The 
Hotel-Specific Website may not accept reservations for the Hotel (other than through an approved 
link to a Hotel System Website) or otherwise sell any products or services associated with the 
Hotel or any of the Proprietary Marks.  You are solely responsible for obtaining all intellectual 
property rights to use any information and materials on the Hotel-Specific Website.  However, as 
between us and you, we own all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to all Guest 
Information that visitors supply or the Hotel-Specific Website obtains. 
You also may, with our approval (which we will not unreasonably withhold) and subject 
to compliance with System Standards, authorize any Travel Services Website or Franchisee 
Organization Website to list and promote the Hotel together with other hotels.  A “Travel Services 
Website” is a website that a third party (which is not your affiliate) operates that promotes and 
sells travel-related products and services for a number of hotel brands, including other Hyatt 
Network Hotels.  A “Franchisee Organization Website” is a website that mentions the Hotel and 
other hotels in which you and your affiliates have an interest as part of your and their portfolio of 
properties and that has a primary purpose of promoting the entire portfolio (rather than only 
promoting the Hotel).  (Section 5.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
Technology System 
You must use the computer hardware, software, and related equipment (the “Technology 
System”) that we or our affiliate periodically designate to operate the Hotel.  The Hotel will use 
