12 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
anticipated or scheduled opening date of the Hotel for the “Essential” service tier level or for up 
to 120 days before the anticipated or scheduled opening date of the Hotel for the “Premium” 
service tier level.  You must pay these amounts within 30 days after you receive each invoice for 
services rendered and expenses incurred during the previous month.  The total amount you may 
pay us for pre-opening revenue management services ranges from $0 to $7,000.  We also reserve 
the right to charge you for reimbursement of expenses reasonably incurred by us, including for 
transportation and related expenses, printing, photocopying, postage, and delivery services.  We 
may periodically increase these fees at any time upon 30 days’ written notice to you, but we may 
not increase these fees by more than 10% per calendar year.   
Field Marketing Program
  Up to 6 months before the opening of your Hotel, you may elect to receive from the Hyatt 
Group certain centralized resources to guide and support local integrated marketing for hotels that 
leverage the expertise of a designated field marketing team for a fee (which may contain a profit 
component, not to exceed a competitive amount), pursuant to the Field Marketing Program 
Schedule 
to 
the 
Central 
Services 
Agreement 
(the 
“Field 
Marketing 
Program 
Schedule”).  Inclusions and deliverables vary by service level, and may include management of 
local digital marketing, regional marketing campaigns, website management, social media 
consultation, local promotion creation and execution, and brand activations.  The current non-
refundable monthly subscription fee due under the Field Marketing Program Schedule is 
dependent on the service tier level then in effect:  for Tier 1: $996 per month; for Tier 2: $1,867 
per month; and for Tier 3: $2,747 per month.  The total amount you may pay us for pre-opening 
field marketing services ranges from $0 to $16,482.    
Refundability and Range of Initial Fees 
Except as we describe above concerning the Application Fee and Extension Fee, none of 
these payments are refundable under any circumstances.  In addition,  other than the Application 
Fee, Extension Fee and Comfort Letter Fee, all of the ranges of initial  fees described in this Item 5 
reflect the current fees for services rendered and depending on when the Hotel is developed or 
remodeled, may be higher in subsequent years.  During our 2024 fiscal year, Brand Hotel 
franchisees signing our franchise agreement paid, or made commitments to pay, total initial fees 
as described in this Item 5 to us and/or our affiliates ranging from $154,220 to $216,250.  
Item 6 
OTHER FEES 
We group the ongoing fees that you will pay to us and other companies in the Hyatt Group 
when operating the Hotel into 3 categories.  The first category includes the fees that the Franchise 
Agreement specifies.  Except as described below, these fees are typically imposed and collected 
by and payable to us.  The second category includes the fees for those System Services that we 
typically classify as Mandatory Services for Brand Hotels.  The third category includes the fees 
for those System Services that we typically classify as Non-Mandatory Services for Brand Hotels.  
Depending on the particular circumstances of the Hotel, including its size, location and market 
positioning, we may reclassify some of the Mandatory Services listed below as Non-Mandatory 
