A-6 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
“Guarantor Monetary Threshold” means each of the following: (a) total assets less total 
liabilities (excluding Hotel assets and liabilities relating solely to the Hotel), each as calculated in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, in the minimum amount of the 
Guarantor Net Worth Minimum set forth in Exhibit B-1 and (b) liquid assets (consisting of cash, 
cash equivalents and marketable securities) in the minimum amount of the Guarantor Liquidity 
Minimum set forth in Exhibit B-1.   
“Guest Information” means information and data relating to or derived from the Hotel’s 
guests and other customers during the Term, whether obtained from the guest or customer or from 
any other source, including names, preferences, and other information about the guests’ or 
customers’ experiences and/or purchases, and including information stored in or provided to the 
CRS or the Hotel’s property management system. 
“Hotel” means the Brand Hotel located at the Site that Franchisee will operate pursuant to 
this Agreement.  The Hotel includes all structures, facilities, appurtenances, FF&E, entrances, 
exits, and parking areas located on the Site or any other real property that Hyatt approves for Hotel 
expansion, signage, or other facilities. 
“Hotel Elements” has the meaning set forth in Exhibit B-3. 
“Hotel IP” means, to the extent not part of the Hotel System, all images, videos, renderings, 
recordings, text, restaurant, gift shop, spa and other outlet or amenity names, or other content 
relating to the Hotel and the Non-Hotel Components provided to Hyatt or its Affiliate by 
Franchisee or its Affiliate. 
“Hotel System” means the concept and system associated with the establishment and 
operation of Brand Hotels, as Hyatt periodically modifies it.  The Hotel System now includes:  
(a) the Proprietary Marks; (b) all Copyrighted Materials; (c) all Confidential Information; (d) the 
Design and Construction Standards; (e) the CRS; (f) the required or authorized GDS and ADS; 
(g) management, personnel, and operational training programs, materials, and procedures; 
(h) System Standards; (i) marketing, advertising, and promotional programs; and (j) Mandatory 
Services and Non-Mandatory Services.   
“Hotel System Website” means a website that Hyatt or one or more members of the Hyatt 
Group develops, maintains and/or authorizes for all or a certain group of Brand Hotels that Hyatt 
periodically specifies (and, at Hyatt’s option, other Hyatt Network Hotels).   
“Hotel Type” means the type of hotel set forth in Exhibit B-1. 
“Hyatt Group” means Hyatt and any of its Affiliates who from time to time provide goods 
or services to Franchisee and/or other Participating Hotels. 
“Hyatt Indemnified Parties” means Hyatt, its Affiliates, and its and their respective 
owners, officers, directors, managers, agents, employees, representatives, successors, and assigns.  
“Hyatt Network Hotels” means the Brand Hotels and other hotels, resorts, lodging 
facilities and other accommodations and hospitality affiliations that from time to time are owned 
and/or operated by Hyatt, its Affiliates, or its or their franchisees or licensees under the name 
