21 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
attorneys and/or independently defend any Proceeding subject to indemnification under 
this Section 8.3 at Franchisee’s sole expense.  No party may agree to any settlement in any 
Proceeding that could have an adverse effect on Hyatt, its Affiliates, the Hotel System, or 
other franchisees without Hyatt’s prior approval. 
(d)
Right to Control Defense of Certain Proceedings.  Without limiting 
Hyatt’s rights or Franchisee’s obligations under this Section 8.3, Hyatt (or its designee) has 
the right to defend and control the defense of any Proceeding arising from any Data Breach 
or any class action or other Proceeding involving both the Hotel and any other Brand Hotel 
or Hyatt Network Hotel, regardless of whether Hyatt or any of the other Hyatt Indemnified 
Parties are named defendants in that Proceeding.  Franchisee shall promptly reimburse 
Hyatt for the Hotel’s proportionate share of all reasonable expenses that Hyatt incurs in 
connection with any Proceeding covered by this Section 8.3(d).  Hyatt shall allocate those 
expenses equitably among the Hotel and all other Brand Hotels and Hyatt Network Hotels 
involved in the Proceeding in any manner that Hyatt reasonably determines. 
8.4
Hyatt’s Indemnification and Defense of Franchisee.   
(a)
Indemnification.  Hyatt agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Franchisee Indemnified Parties against, and to reimburse any one or more of the Franchisee 
Indemnified Parties for, any and all Losses (including defense costs and other Losses 
incurred in defending any Proceeding described in Section 8.3(b), if applicable) directly or 
indirectly arising out of, resulting from, or in connection with (i) a final decision by a court 
of competent jurisdiction not subject to further appeal that Hyatt, its Affiliate, or any of 
their respective employees directly engaged in willful misconduct or gross negligence or 
intentionally caused the property damage or bodily injury that is the subject of the claim 
with respect to the operation of the Hotel, so long as the claim is not asserted on the basis 
of (A) theories of vicarious liability (including agency, apparent agency, or joint 
employer), (B) Hyatt’s failure to compel Franchisee to comply with this Agreement, or 
(C) negligence or misconduct in connection with the development or construction of the 
Hotel, all of which are claims for which the Franchisee Indemnified Parties are not entitled 
to indemnification under this Section 8.4; or (ii) any trademark infringement Proceeding 
disputing Franchisee’s authorized use of any Proprietary Mark under this Agreement, 
provided that Franchisee has timely notified Hyatt of, and complies with Hyatt’s directions 
in responding to, the Proceeding. 
(b)
Defense.  Hyatt agrees to defend (at Hyatt’s expense) the Franchisee 
Indemnified Parties from and against any and all Proceedings described in 
Section 8.4(a)(ii). At Hyatt’s option, Hyatt and/or its Affiliate(s) may defend and control 
the defense of any other Proceeding arising from or relating to the Proprietary Marks or 
Franchisee’s use of any Proprietary Mark under this Agreement.  Hyatt may agree to 
settlements and take any other remedial, corrective, or other actions with respect to any 
Proceeding described in this Section 8.4(b), provided that Hyatt will seek Franchisee’s 
advice and counsel, and keep Franchisee informed, with regard to any proposed or 
contemplated settlement. 
