35 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
Hotel begins operating in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks, you must require each F&B 
Operator to sign the documents we reasonably specify to protect our (and our affiliates’) 
intellectual property and other rights.  At our option, you must submit to us for our prior approval 
any proposed lease or other agreement between you (or your affiliate or management company) 
and the F&B Operator under which the F&B Operator will conduct F&B Operations, in which 
case you may not sign (or permit your affiliate or management company to sign) any lease or other 
agreement that we have not approved. 
If the Hotel has Spa Operations, you may subcontract the management of the Spa 
Operations to an operator (other than the approved management company) (the “Spa Operator”) 
only if (a) we (in our sole judgment) approve of the Spa Operator, the spa concept and the terms 
of the lease or other arrangement between you and the Spa Operator; (b) the Spa Operator complies 
with all applicable System Standards; and (c) the spa does not use the Proprietary Marks in any 
manner (unless we authorize that use in writing). 
If you or your management company do not have in-house technology services support, 
you must contract with a third party technology consultant that meets our qualifications for 
“break/fix” support.  You must also use our designated cyber end point protection and web filtering 
tools and enter into agreements with suppliers of such services, as applicable. 
You currently must use our designated third party provider of travel agent commission 
program services.  This provider calculates travel agent commissions, remits them to travel agents 
and collects them from participating hotels.  You also must use our designated provider of quality 
assurance and inspection services.  Except as described in this Item or in Item 5 or 6, there currently 
are no goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and software, 
real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the Hotel that you must buy 
from us, our affiliates, or designated or approved suppliers.  Except for The Living Company, 
which may provide some FF&E to Brand Hotels, none of our officers currently owns an interest 
in any supplier to Brand Hotel franchisees. 
However, you must buy or lease most other products and services for your Hotel according 
to our System Standards.  We issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our 
affiliates’ and our franchisees’ experience in operating Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network 
Hotels.  Our standards and specifications may impose minimum requirements for delivery, 
performance, reputation, prices, quality, design, and appearance, among other factors.  You must 
ensure that the Hotel strictly complies with all applicable laws and maintains adequate insurance 
policy coverage in the amounts that we periodically specify.  Our System Standards or other 
communications will identify our standards and specifications and/or names of approved suppliers. 
Other than as outlined in this Item, you can obtain FF&E, supplies, or other goods and 
services from any source that meet our quality standards, as set forth in the System Standards 
(including the Design and Construction Standards) or as we otherwise communicate.  However, 
we may designate a specific model or brand of product, or a specific supplier of goods or services 
(which may include us or our Affiliates) for the any and all of the following: (i) Technology System 
components, (ii) components of the Hotel’s fire and life safety systems, and (iii) any other goods 
or services used in the development or operation of the Hotel for which we have determined, that 
uniformity of supply among all or substantially all Brand Hotels is beneficial to the Hotel System. 
