65 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
month during which the Franchise Agreement’s effective date falls, by an amount equal to the CPI 
Increase.  The “CPI Increase” means the amount to be adjusted multiplied by a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for All Items, which 
the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics publishes (the “Base Index”) as of the 
first day of the calendar month during which the increase is to take effect, and the denominator of 
which is the Base Index in effect on the Franchise Agreement’s effective date or used for the most 
recent increase (whichever is later).  If the Base Index is no longer published, we may designate 
another reasonably comparable index for calculating changes in the cost of living or purchasing 
power for consumers.  Your guarantors must provide us on an annual basis financial statements or 
other documents that we reasonably specify, which you or the guarantor certify in the manner we 
specify, demonstrating that at least one guarantor satisfies the Guarantor Monetary Threshold.  
You and your guarantors must reasonably cooperate with all auditing and reporting requirements 
relating to the Guarantor Monetary Threshold. 
A “Controlling Ownership Interest” in you or one of your owners (if that owner is a legal 
entity) means, whether directly or indirectly, either:  (a) the record or beneficial ownership of, or 
right to control, 50% or more of the investment capital, equity, rights to receive profits or losses, 
or other rights to participate in your or the entity’s results; or (b) the effective control of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of your or that entity’s management and policies, including a general 
partnership interest (if the entity is a partnership) and a manager or managing member interest (if 
the entity is a limited liability company), or the power to appoint or remove any party having these 
powers.  In addition, in the case of (a) or (b), the determination of whether a “Controlling 
Ownership Interest” exists is made both immediately before and immediately after a proposed 
transfer. 
Item 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must offer all products and provide all services that 
we periodically authorize for your Hotel (including F&B Operations and Spa Operations, if 
applicable) in compliance with all applicable laws and according to our quality standards.  We 
may change these products and services at any time, and there is no limit on this right.  You may 
not sell any products or perform any services at the Hotel that we have not authorized.  You also 
must obtain our approval of your relationship with any F&B Operator, including the restaurant 
concept and the lease terms.  The Franchise Agreement contains no restrictions on the customers 
to whom you may provide goods and services. 
If the Hotel is or will be part of a site (whether newly constructed or adapted) that is owned 
or developed by you, your owner, or your affiliate (“Mixed-Use Site”), which may include, in 
addition to the Hotel, any residential, retail, restaurant, commercial or public space that is located 
on the same single, contiguous site as the Hotel but which operates separate from the Hotel (“Non-
Hotel Components”), no part or portion of the Mixed-Use Site may be used to operate: (i) a 
pawnshop, check-cashing business, gentlemen’s club, pornography retailer, or other sexually-
oriented business, or (ii) a package liquor store, marijuana dispensary, or gambling business, 
without our prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in our sole judgment, 
