32 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
for additional funds and other figures.  You should review these figures carefully with a business 
advisor before deciding to acquire the franchise.  Except as described in Item 10, we do not offer 
financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.  The availability and terms of 
financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your 
creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions from which you 
request a loan.  The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service 
obligations.  Except for a portion of the Application Fee that we will refund if we do not approve 
the application, no amounts in the chart are refundable. 
Brand Hotels will typically be in primary markets in urban, densely-populated locations.   
They will typically occupy property of 1 to 3 acres, but the amount of land the Hotel requires will 
vary greatly depending upon local building codes, setback requirements, parking requirements and 
similar factors.  Leasing or purchase costs vary widely and depend on geographic location, size, 
visibility, local rental rates, other businesses in the area, other local economic conditions, the site’s 
market potential, the type of ownership or leasehold interest and other factors.  Because of these 
factors, this table does not estimate the costs for the Hotel’s rent or security deposit or the purchase 
price for the building or land on which the Hotel is located (if you decide to buy, rather than lease, 
the land and/or premises). 
If you own an existing hotel that you plan to convert from another brand to a Brand Hotel, 
you might already have incurred many of the costs listed in this Item, but you still will incur 
significant costs to upgrade and renovate the Hotel to meet our current standards for Brand Hotels.  
These costs vary widely and depend primarily on the Hotel’s existing condition and FF&E.  Before 
we and you sign the Franchise Agreement, we will prepare a PIP on your Hotel and provide details 
about our conversion and upgrade requirements for the Hotel.
Item 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
You must operate the Hotel according to our System Standards, which may regulate, 
among other things, the types, models, and brands of products and services your Hotel uses; 
required and authorized products and services that the Hotel must offer to customers and quality 
standards for those products and services (including F&B Operations and Spa Operations, as 
defined below); and designated and approved suppliers of these products and services, which may 
include or be limited to us and/or our affiliates that we may designate.  “F&B Operations” means 
all food and beverage operations for Hotel guests and patrons consisting of the following (in each 
case, to the extent applicable):  (a) restaurant, dining, bar, lounge, and retail food and beverage 
services; (b) banquet, meeting, event, catering (including outside catering), and room services; (c) 
a multi-functional service area that serves coffee and breakfast, lunch and dinner menu items, and 
alcoholic beverages; (d) grab-and-go food and beverage items available for purchase in a Hotel 
market; (e) a communal area serving as a combination restaurant, bar, coffee shop and workplace; 
(f) a standalone restaurant and/or rooftop bar; and (g) all other food, beverage and related services 
at the Hotel.  “Spa Operations” means all spa and related operations and services for Hotel guests 
and patrons, consisting of all therapy, massage and other treatments, salon services and other spa-
related services, if applicable for the Hotel.  Not all Brand Hotels have Spa Operations. 
