43 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
amounts owed at the time of the occurrence or payment of Royalty Fees, System Services Charges 
or other payments due afterward. 
18.4
Binding Effect.  This Agreement is valid and enforceable only when signed by 
Franchisee and signed and accepted by Hyatt at its office in Chicago, Illinois, whether signed by 
original or electronic signature.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, 
which, when taken as a whole, shall constitute a single agreement.   
18.5
Entire Agreement and Construction.  This Agreement is binding upon Hyatt and 
Franchisee and their respective permitted assigns and successors in interest.  Subject to Hyatt’s 
right to modify the Hotel System, System Standards, System Services and System Services 
Charges (including the methods of allocating costs for System Services), from time to time, this 
Agreement may not be modified except by a written agreement signed by both Hyatt’s and 
Franchisee’s duly-authorized officers.  The Preliminary Statement and Exhibits, the attached PIP 
(if applicable), any state-specific Rider to this Agreement signed by Hyatt and Franchisee at the 
same time as this Agreement, and the Franchise Application that Franchisee (or its Owner or 
Affiliate) submitted to Hyatt relating to the Hotel, are a part of this Agreement, which constitutes 
Hyatt’s and Franchisee’s entire agreement, and there are no other oral or written understandings 
or agreements between Hyatt and Franchisee, and no other oral or written representations by Hyatt, 
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, the franchise relationship, or the Hotel (any 
understandings or agreements reached, or any representations made, before this Agreement are 
superseded by this Agreement).  Franchisee may not rely on any alleged oral or written 
understandings, agreements, or representations not contained in this Agreement.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement or any related agreement shall disclaim or require 
Franchisee to waive reliance on any representation that Hyatt made in the most recent franchise 
disclosure document (including its exhibits and amendments) that Hyatt delivered to Franchisee 
or its representative. 
Any policies that Hyatt adopts and implements from time to time to guide Hyatt in its 
decision-making are subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement, and are not binding on 
Hyatt.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended or 
deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this 
Agreement. 
References in this Agreement to “Hyatt” with respect to all of Hyatt’s rights and all of 
Franchisee’s obligations to Hyatt under this Agreement include any of Hyatt’s Affiliates, and its 
and their successors and assigns, with whom Franchisee deals.  The headings in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and will not control or affect the meaning or construction of any 
provision.  Time is of the essence in this Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be 
so interpreted. 
18.6
Cumulative Remedies.  Hyatt’s and Franchisee’s rights under this Agreement are 
cumulative, and their exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will 
not preclude their exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy that they are entitled by 
law to enforce. 
