A-7 
1616961488.2 
Prior to occupation and operation of the building, in whole or in part, a third party 
audit of the Hotel’s fire and life safety systems must be completed by or on behalf 
of Franchisee, at Franchisee’s expense.  Franchisee shall provide a copy of such 
audit report to Hyatt.  All noted deficiencies must be completed by Franchisee to 
Hyatt’s satisfaction prior to the occupation and operation of the Hotel. 
6.
INSPECTION BY HYATT 
6.1.
Following receipt of a pre-opening inspection report (prepared by Consultants) 
and subject to a satisfactory level of completion achieved, Hyatt will conduct its 
own inspection and detail in a report to Franchisee: 

Variances from approved minimum standards or subsequently approved contract 
specifications 

Defective architectural, fire and life safety and MEP or interior works 

Defective, missing or incomplete FF&E 
6.2.
Hyatt will not be able to assess any areas for which a report detailing its 
comments has not been prepared and circulated, or with respect to any areas 
which have not been substantially completed and installed with FF&E. 
7.
APPROVAL BY HYATT / HYATT MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL 
7.1.
Hyatt will issue its approval for the Hotel’s management personnel to take over 
provisional occupancy of the relevant area and the operation of any supporting fire 
and life safety and MEP system and components only following the preparation 
and submission to the Franchisee of Hyatt’s inspection reports and the remedy of 
any substantial defects contained therein.  Any such takeover shall not imply 
Hyatt’s final approval of the area, system or component, which shall be subject to 
full load testing under operating environment and conditions and the remedy of all 
recorded, hidden and latent defects. 
7.2.
Hyatt will not be able to approve for the Hotel’s management personnel to take 
over any areas in which non-hotel personnel have access.  Such areas may be 
mutually utilized by all parties until they can be secured, completed, inspected and 
prepared for handover to the Hotel’s management personnel. 
7.3.
All areas, which have been provisionally taken over by the Hotel’s management 
personnel, shall be under their full control including all keying systems and 
issuance of keys. 
7.4.
All costs associated with the Hotel’s management personnel’s provisional area 
occupation, such as energy consumption, including that used for the testing and 
commissioning of the fire and life safety and MEP systems and components, and 
security attendance at the project site prior to the formal opening, shall be paid for 
by Franchisee. 
