57 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
the Proprietary Marks or any aspect of the Hotel System, and whether or not those activities 
compete with your Hotel.  We and our affiliates may use or benefit from, among other things, 
common computer systems, administrative systems, reservation systems, purchasing systems, and 
personnel and may provide some or all of the System Services to other Hyatt Network Hotels and 
other hotels, lodging facilities and other businesses, even if they compete with the Hotel.  You will 
have no right to pursue any claims, demands, or damages as a result of these activities, whether 
under breach of contract, unfair competition, implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, 
divided loyalty, or other theories. 
You have no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.  
Continuation of your territorial rights does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, 
market penetration or other contingency.  We may not alter your Area of Protection or territorial 
rights during the AOP Term. 
There are no restrictions on where you or other Brand Hotel operators (including us and 
our affiliates) may solicit customers or accept orders.  We and our affiliates may use other channels 
of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to make 
sales in the Area of Protection in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks and other trademarks 
without compensating you.  You may use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, 
catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to advertise and market the Hotel outside 
of the Area of Protection with our approval.  Except for the CRS, you may not use the Internet or 
any other method to accept reservations for the Hotel. 
As described in Item 1, Hyatt Corporation and certain of its affiliates operate and/or grant 
franchises for various types of hotel, resort, spa, timeshare and other lodging facilities, other 
accommodations and hospitality affiliations that operate under the Hyatt® name and other trade 
names.  (We disclose the principal business addresses for Hyatt Corporation and some of these 
affiliates, and these other trade names, in Item 1.)  We share offices and/or training locations with 
Hyatt Corporation and some of its other affiliates.  These facilities may solicit and serve customers 
located near your Hotel’s location.  You should expect to find, now and in the future, facilities 
identified with the Hyatt® name and/or these other trade names, and other brands that we and our 
affiliates operate, franchise, or develop in the future, in your Area of Protection.  These facilities 
will sell goods and services similar to those that you will sell.  If conflicts arise between our 
franchisees and the franchisees and operators of these other facilities, we will analyze them and 
take the actions (if any) that we deem appropriate.  We also may (but need not) develop internal 
policies for dealing with conflicts. 
[Item 13 begins on next page]
