23 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
scores below requirements: (i) Stage 1 – $5,000 administrative fee; (ii) Stage 2 – $15,000 
administrative fee; and (iii) Stage 3 – $20,000 administrative fee.  In addition, if the Hotel does 
not achieve passing scores necessary to exit the FIP protocols by the end of Stage 3, the Hotel is 
placed in our BPP program, which requires the Hotel to pay an administrative fee of $45,000 per 
year.  We may, as we deem appropriate, reduce or refund FIP fees based on improved performance 
and/or your accelerated compliance with hotel renovation requirements.  Under the FIP and BPP 
policies currently in place, Brand Hotels are eligible for up to a 100% reduction of the applicable 
FIP or BPP fee, based on improvement in performance.  We may introduce additional compliance 
programs in the future.  Any fees associated with such programs will fall within the same ranges 
as the FIP and BPP fees listed above. 
5.
Liquidated Damages.  The amount of liquidated damages you must pay us if the 
Franchise Agreement terminates varies depending on when the Franchise Agreement terminates.  
Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement before the term expires for any reason (subject to 
Article X of the Franchise Agreement), you must pay us, within 15 days after the date of such 
termination, liquidated damages in a lump sum equal to (a) the lesser of 60 or the number of months 
then remaining in the Franchise Agreement term had it not been terminated, multiplied by (b) the 
sum of (i) the Average Monthly Revenue times 3.5% for lost future System Services Charges, plus 
(ii) the Average Monthly Revenue generated from Channel Bookings times 7% for lost future 
Royalty Fees.  “Average Monthly Revenue” means (i) if, as of the effective date of termination, at 
least 60 months have elapsed since the Hotel’s opening date, the average monthly Gross Rooms 
Revenue of the Hotel during the 12 full calendar months preceding the month of termination; or 
(ii) if, as of the effective date of termination, the Hotel’s opening date has not yet occurred, the 
average monthly Gross Rooms Revenue per available guest room for all Brand Hotels in the United 
States (including those that we and our affiliates own, manage and franchise) during the 12 full 
calendar months preceding the month of termination, multiplied by the number of guest rooms 
approved for the Hotel; or (iii) if, as of the effective date of termination, the Hotel’s opening date 
has occurred but less than 60 months have elapsed since the Hotel’s opening date, either (a) the 
amount determined under part (ii) above or (b) the average monthly Gross Rooms Revenue of the 
Hotel during the period from the Hotel’s opening date until the effective date of termination, 
whichever of (a) or (b) is greater.   
However, if “Average Monthly Revenues” as determined under any part of (i) through (iii) 
above was materially and negatively impacted during the preceding 12 full calendar month period 
by a disruption in Hotel operations resulting from force majeure, casualty, suspension of operations 
(whether or not we consented to it), renovation of the Hotel, or any other similar circumstances, 
then we will determine “Average Monthly Revenue” by referencing the most recent 12 full 
calendar month period before termination during which the Hotel performance was not impacted. 
If we or you terminate the Franchise Agreement because of a Consequential Termination, 
then the liquidated damages are 150% of the amount calculated above.  A “Consequential 
Termination” occurs if (1) the Franchise Agreement’s termination involves a transfer of the Hotel 
or its assets, or a direct or indirect Controlling Ownership Interest in you, to a Competitor (defined 
below); or (2) there are 3 or more franchise agreements for Hyatt-Related Full Service Brand 
(defined below) hotels with you or your affiliates (including the Franchise Agreement) that we (or 
our affiliate) terminate because of your (or your affiliate’s) default or you (or your affiliates) 
terminate in breach of the applicable agreement.  A “Hyatt-Related Full Service Brand” means any 
