Hyatt Unbound Collection – 2025 State Pages 
1615864896.2
5
Except for certain claims, we and you must arbitrate all disputes at a location the 
arbitrator chooses within 10 miles of our then current principal business address; 
however, to the extent required by the North Dakota Franchise investment Law 
(unless preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act), we and you will arbitrate at a 
site to which we and you mutually agree. 
4.  
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v) 
of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Choice of forum: 
; however, to the extent required by applicable law, subject to your arbitration 
obligation, you may bring an action in North Dakota. 
5. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w) 
of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Choice of law: 
Except for Federal Arbitration Act and other federal law, to the extent required by 
law, North Dakota law applies. 
6. 
The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure 
Document: 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, 
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
RHODE ISLAND
1. 
The “Summary” section of Item 17(v) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled 
Choice of forum, is deleted and replaced with the following: 
Subject to arbitration obligation, litigation generally must be in our home state, 
except as otherwise required by applicable law with respect to claims arising under 
the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act. 
2. 
The “Summary” section of Item 17(w) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, 
titled Choice of law, is deleted and replaced with the following: 
Except for Federal Arbitration Act and other federal law, Illinois law generally 
applies, except as otherwise required by law for claims which arise under the Rhode 
Island Franchise Investment Act. 
