46 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
the Technology System to administer the CRS and the property management system (the “PMS”); 
automate front desk registration/cashiering, telephone switchboard, housekeeping and accounting 
functions; record and track sales and labor data; run the point-of-sale (“POS”), key lock system, 
in-room entertainment, sound and related systems; and perform a variety of other management and 
reporting functions.  To meet our current brand standards, you must install the following systems:  
Property Management, Point of Sale, Revenue Management, Events and Lead Generation System 
(Envision), Key Lock, PBX/Phones, In-Room Entertainment, High Speed Internet Service, Guest 
Computing, Hotel Music Services, Digital Surveillance, and Scent.  The Technology System will 
generate and record revenue, payment, labor and other operational data relating to the Hotel and 
its operations.  We will provide project management implementation and related services for the 
Technology System.  Based on our current requirements for a Brand Hotel, we estimate that it will 
cost approximately $1,508,950 to $3,296,000 for you to acquire and install the Technology System 
at the Hotel. 
You currently must acquire the PMS, POS system, and certain other components of the 
Technology System only from our designated vendors.  You must acquire 24/7 support, 
maintenance, and warranty coverage from us or our designated PMS and POS vendor.  Our 
designated PMS and POS vendor currently charges $3.90 per room per month but may increase 
this amount upon notice to you.  Our designated PMS and POS vendor will also provide upgrades 
and updates to its licensed software if we approve them.  You also must acquire maintenance from 
our designated PBX/phones vendor, our designated key lock vendor, and our designated sound 
system vendor, who currently charges $18.95 per month to provide quarterly updates to the playlist 
that the Brand Hotel network uses.  We or another member of the Hyatt Group will provide other 
maintenance, support, upgrades and updates for parts of the Technology System and certain other 
technology services as part of the Mandatory Services for the Hotel, all of which are included in 
the Commercial Services Fee.  No other party has an obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, 
repairs, upgrades or updates to the Technology System.  The cost of other optional maintenance, 
updating, upgrading and support contracts varies widely depending on the market and the level of 
support you need.  If you or your management company do not have in-house technology services 
support, you must contract with a third party technology consultant that meets our qualifications 
for “break/fix” support.  You must also use our designated cyber end point protection and web 
filtering tools and enter into agreements with suppliers of such services, if applicable.  
We may periodically require changes, upgrades, or updates to the Technology System.  No 
contract limits the frequency or cost of changes, upgrades or updates.  We or our affiliates may 
charge you reasonable fees for software or other technology that we license to the Hotel and for 
other Technology System maintenance and support services that we or they periodically provide 
to the Hotel, such as revenue management software, PMS enhancements, Hyatt’s Collaboration 
Network including HyattConnect, SharePoint Knowledge Network, E-Mail, User Identity Access 
Management, Learning Management Systems and Wide Area Network and Remote Access 
support.  We will have independent, unlimited access to the information that the Technology 
System generates and tracks.  (Sections 4.3, 4.4 and 7.4 of Franchise Agreement) 
Hotel Opening 
If you are developing a new Brand Hotel, including by adapting an existing building to a 
new use as a hotel, we estimate that you will open the Hotel approximately 24 to 36 months after 
