56 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 2025-2026 FDD 
1615764170.3
Unless the Hotel is already operating in affiliation with The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 
brand, we and you will agree on the boundaries of your “Area of Protection” before signing the 
Franchise Agreement.  We typically define the Area of Protection’s boundaries using geographic 
references (such as streets or rivers) or as a circle with the Hotel at its center.  The Area of 
Protection’s size will vary depending on the Hotel’s size and location.  It could be as small as a 
few blocks in densely-populated urban areas and up to about a 1- or 2-mile radius from the Hotel’s 
entrance in less populated areas.  We also will assign an “AOP Term” and list the AOP Term in 
the Franchise Agreement before we and you sign it.  The AOP Term is the time period during 
which your rights in the Area of Protection will apply.  The AOP Term begins on the effective 
date of the Franchise Agreement and typically ends from 1 to 5 years after the Hotel’s opening 
date. 
Subject to the one exception below, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate during the AOP Term, nor authorize any other party to open and operate during the AOP 
Term, any other Brand Hotel the physical premises of which are located within the Area of 
Protection.  One exception to this restriction is that, during the AOP Term, if we or any affiliate 
acquires ownership of or the right to operate, manage, franchise or license (regardless of the form 
of transaction) another group of at least 4 hotels, one or more of which hotels are located or are 
under contract or construction to be located, in the Area of Protection, then we and our affiliates 
will have the unrestricted right to convert, or cause to be converted, the acquired hotel(s) within 
the Area of Protection to operate in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks and the Hotel System.  
We then may operate, or authorize any other party to operate, those hotel(s) as Brand Hotel(s), 
even if one or more of the other acquired hotels, whether operating within or outside the Area of 
Protection, are not converted to Brand Hotels. 
If the Hotel is already operating in affiliation with The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® 
brand when you sign the Franchise Agreement, you may not receive any Area of Protection or 
AOP Term when signing the Franchise Agreement.  We will make the determination of whether 
to provide any Area of Protection based on the time during which the Hotel has operated in 
affiliation with The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® brand and the market conditions under which 
the Hotel operates. 
Your rights in the Area of Protection apply only during the AOP Term.  Following the 
AOP Term, you will have no territorial rights or protection, whether within or outside the Area of 
Protection, and we and our affiliates may open and operate, and authorize any other parties to open 
and operate, other Brand Hotels the physical premises of which are located within the Area of 
Protection, including under franchise applications submitted and/or franchise agreements and 
other agreements signed during the AOP Term.  Because we and others may establish and operate 
one or more Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels within the Area of Protection after the 
AOP Term expires, and during the AOP Term under the exception above, you will not receive an 
exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets we own, or 
from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
Except for the limited exclusivity described above, your rights under the Franchise 
Agreement are nonexclusive in all respects, the Hotel has no territorial protection whatsoever, and 
we and our affiliates have the right without restriction to engage in all activities we and they desire 
(including concerning all types of lodging facilities) at any time and place, whether or not using 
