Variable Interest Entities
Bahia Principe—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we entered into a shareholders' agreement with an unrelated 
third-party and acquired 50% of the outstanding shares of Management Hotelero Piñero, S.L. The joint venture, which is a VIE, 
owns the Bahia Principe brand and manages Bahia Principe Hotels & Resorts-branded properties (see Note 7). Through our 
variable interest, we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE 
and have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE and 
therefore, we are the primary beneficiary. We consolidate the operating results and financial position of this VIE in our 
consolidated financial statements within our management and franchising segment.
The following table summarizes the VIE's assets and liabilities, including the effect of foreign currency translation, 
recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024. The assets may only be used to settle obligations of the 
consolidated VIE, if any. In addition, there is no recourse to us for the consolidated VIE's liabilities.
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
2 
Receivables
 
15 
Total current assets
 
17 
Operating lease right-of-use assets
 
1 
Goodwill
 
147 
Intangibles, net
 
515 
Other assets
 
50 
Total assets
$ 
730 
Accounts payable
$ 
15 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
1 
Total current liabilities
 
16 
Long-term operating lease liabilities
 
1 
Other long-term liabilities
 
161 
Total liabilities
$ 
178 
The joint venture increases our all-inclusive portfolio giving guests and loyalty program members more opportunities to 
experience all-inclusive travel. In conjunction with the transaction, we entered into various agreements with the joint venture 
and its related parties to provide certain commercial and management support services to the joint venture and to support the 
growth of the Bahia Principe brand and the operation of the Bahia Principe Hotels & Resorts-branded properties.
UVC Transaction—During the year ended December 31, 2024, we completed the UVC Transaction and accounted for 
the sale of our controlling financial interest in the entity as a business disposition. We received $41 million of proceeds, net of 
$39 million of cash disposed; recorded a $20 million equity method investment representing the fair value of our retained 
investment in the entity; and recorded $86 million of guarantee liabilities as described below. The transaction resulted in a 
$231 million pre-tax gain, which was recognized in gains (losses) on sales of real estate and other on our consolidated 
statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2024. We continue to manage the Unlimited Vacation Club business 
under a long-term management agreement and license and royalty agreement. The operating results of the Unlimited Vacation 
Club business prior to the UVC Transaction are reported within our distribution segment.
The fair value of our retained investment in the entity was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing 
model of our common shares in the entity. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding volatility 
and discount rates, which are primarily Level Three assumptions.
In conjunction with the transaction, we agreed to guarantee up to $70 million of our hospitality venture partner's 
investment upon the occurrence of certain events, and we recorded a $25 million guarantee liability at fair value in other long-
term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The fair value was estimated using the with and without method, which 
includes projected cash flows based on contract terms. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments 
regarding discount rates and length of time, which are primarily Level Three assumptions.
Additionally, we agreed to indemnify the unconsolidated hospitality venture, the primary obligor to the foreign taxing 
authorities, for obligations the entity may incur as a result of pre-existing uncertain tax positions as of the date of the 
transaction. Following the transaction, we accounted for the indemnification as a guarantee. We derecognized the long-term 
