2 
Hyatt 2025 CA 
1616175306.2
3.
Covenants Regarding Confidential Information.  The receiving party shall hold all Confidential 
Information received in confidence and take all necessary steps to keep the Confidential Information confidential 
with its then current protocols in order to maintain the confidential nature of the Confidential Information in 
accordance with the terms hereof.  The receiving party may only use Confidential Information for evaluation 
purposes with respect to the Property and the Business in relationship to the Transaction and may not disclose the 
Confidential Information to any third party other than to its affiliates, related companies, partners, employees, 
directors, officers, legal counsel, accountants, prospective lenders, consultants, advisors, principals, and existing 
investors (collectively, the “Representatives”) who have a need to know Confidential Information, provided that 
the party which shares the Confidential Information with its Representatives shall inform all such Representatives 
to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.  Receiving party shall be liable for a breach of this 
Agreement by its Representatives; provided, however, the receiving party shall not be responsible for any breach 
of this Agreement by a Representative that has executed a separate confidentiality agreement with the disclosing 
party with respect to the Transaction. 
4.
Ownership of Confidential Information.  All Confidential Information disclosed by a disclosing party, 
directly or indirectly, shall remain the exclusive property of such party.  Further, the disclosing party does not 
grant any license or rights to any Confidential Information, trademark, trade name or trade secret to the other 
party.   
5.
No Representation or Warranty.  The disclosing party does not (a) make any guarantee, warranty or 
representation whatsoever, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential 
Information, and (b) have any liability whatsoever to the receiving party relating to or resulting from the use of 
the Confidential Information or any errors therein or omissions therefrom.  The receiving party agrees that it is 
not entitled to rely on the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential Information. 
6.
Destruction of Confidential Information by Company.  Each of the parties shall immediately destroy all 
Confidential Information and all copies or summaries of Confidential Information at the earlier of (a) the 
termination of discussions between Company and Hyatt regarding the Project or (b) on the written  request of the 
disclosing party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, receiving party and its Representatives may retain one copy of 
Confidential Information as may be required by (i) law, regulation or legal process, (ii) internal compliance or 
document retention policies, or (iii) with respect to digital media, such return or destruction is not practically 
feasible.  Any Confidential Information so retained shall kept confidential in accordance with such party’s policies 
and procedures it uses to protect and safeguard its own client confidential information.  The receiving party shall 
also provide to the disclosing party a certification executed by a duly authorized officer who has supervised 
compliance with the foregoing indicating that the requirements of this provision have been satisfied in full. 
7.
Term.  Except as otherwise set forth herein, the obligations set forth in this Agreement shall terminate 
upon the execution of definitive agreements between the parties with respect to the Transaction or two (2) years 
from the date of this Agreement, whichever occurs first; provided, however, that notwithstanding the termination 
of this Agreement, the confidentiality obligations of the Company with respect to a Hyatt Trade Secret shall 
continue until the later of (i) five (5) years from the date of this Agreement, and (ii) until such time that Hyatt has 
provided notice that the Hyatt Trade Secret is no longer deemed by Hyatt to be a trade secret.  
8.
[Indemnity.  Company acknowledges and agrees that it presented the Property and Business to Hyatt and 
initiated all discussions with Hyatt surrounding the Property and Business.  Company agrees to indemnify, defend 
and hold harmless Hyatt for, from and against any and all Claims. For purposes of this Agreement, “Claims” shall 
mean any and all claims, demands, actions, penalties, suits and liabilities, in connection with, arising from, or for 
any reason related to (i) negotiations relating to the Property or Business in violation of any existing management 
or similar agreement relating to the branding, operation or use of the Property (the “Existing Agreements”) and/or 
(ii) the termination of the Existing Agreements, as a result of any such negotiations.] 
