3 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
2.2
IT Project Management Services.   
(a)
IT Project Management Services.  Franchisee shall install information 
technology system(s) for the Hotel in accordance with the System Standards.  To assist 
Franchisee and Franchisee’s consultants in installing and implementing information 
technology system(s) that meet Hyatt’s requirements and in consideration of the IT Project 
Management Services Fee, Hyatt will provide the IT Project Management Services in 
connection with the opening of the Hotel in accordance with this Section 2.2.  Hyatt will 
staff the IT Project Management Services using its employees or third party contractors, as 
Hyatt determines. 
(b)
Franchisee Responsibilities. Franchisee agrees to perform, in a timely 
manner, the tasks identified as Franchisee’s responsibilities in Exhibit E.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that Hyatt’s performance of the IT Project Management Services is 
dependent on Franchisee’s timely, accurate, and effective performance of all Franchisee’s 
responsibilities set forth in Exhibit E, including providing written notice to Hyatt of 
Franchisee’s designated representative.  Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that 
its failure to perform may prevent or delay Hyatt’s performance of the IT Project 
Management Services and/or require modifications to the services performed, including an 
adjustment to the scope of work, completion schedule or fees.   
(c)
Site Preparation. Franchisee will be responsible for all site preparation at 
the Hotel in connection with the IT Project Management Services.  Without limitation, 
Franchisee is responsible for all climate control, physical safety and security, provision of 
adequate electric and telecommunications utilities, and wiring for all equipment and 
devices.  Franchisee will also provide such workspace, supplies, hardware and software as 
are reasonably required for each assignment. 
(d)
Hyatt Limited Warranty.  Hyatt warrants that the IT Project Management 
Services will be performed in substantial accordance with the specifications set forth in 
Exhibit E.  If any IT Project Management Services do not comply with this warranty, 
Franchisee must notify Hyatt in writing within thirty (30) days after completion of the IT 
Project Management Services.  As to any valid warranty claim, Hyatt will at its option: 
(i) repair the defect; (ii) re-perform the defective IT Project Management Services; or 
(iii) refund sums paid by Franchisee to Hyatt for the defective IT Project Management 
Services.  Following expiration of the warranty period, Franchisee accepts the IT Project 
Management Services in their “AS-IS” condition.  The foregoing constitutes Franchisee’s 
sole and exclusive remedies in response to a warranty claim.  Hyatt makes no 
representation or warranty with respect to: (1) software, equipment, or goods 
manufactured, developed or provided by others, including Franchisee; (2) use of the IT 
Project Management Services in a manner contrary to instructions from Hyatt; (3) use of 
the IT Project Management Services in combination with goods or IT Project Management 
Services not delivered by Hyatt; (4) defects caused by Franchisee; or (5) other events 
outside the control of Hyatt.  EXCEPT AS STATED ABOVE, HYATT MAKES NO 
OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO 
IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT SERVICES, GOODS OR SOFTWARE DELIVERED, 
INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
