AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
In recognition of the requirements of California law, including the California Franchise Investment
Law, CAL. BUS. & PROF. CODE Section 31000 et seq., and the California Franchise Relations Act, CAL.
BUS. & PROF. CODE Section 20000 et seq., the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement (the
“License Agreement”), dated as of
, do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 8.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Termination by CFA,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
The License Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not
be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. § 101, et seq.).
2.
Section 2.5 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “License Term,” and
Section 8.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Termination by CFA,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language:
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to
the Licensee concerning non-renewal, transfer and termination of the License Agreement. The
Federal Bankruptcy Code also provides rights to the Licensee concerning termination of the
License Agreement. The Federal Bankruptcy Code also provides rights to the Licensee concerning
termination of the License Agreement upon certain bankruptcy-related events. To the extent the
License Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.
3.
Section 7.3 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictive Covenant”
or “Limitation in Use of Space,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
The License Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the
expiration or termination of the License Agreement. This provision may not be enforceable under
California law.
4.
Section 10.6 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Litigation,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language:
The License Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the State
of California. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
5.
Section 10.5 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Choice of Law,” shall
be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
The License Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State
of California. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.
6.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to attempt to enforce all of the provisions set forth in the
License Agreement listed above in which the parties have indicated that the “provision may not be
enforceable under California law.”
7.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
CALIFORNIA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

