Prior Business Experience: S. Truett Cathy, the Founder of Chick-fil-A, opened his first
restaurant, the Dwarf Grill, in Hapeville, Georgia, in April 1946. The first Chick-fil-A Restaurant in a
shopping mall opened for business on November 24, 1967, and the first free-standing Chick-fil-A
Restaurant opened for business on April 16, 1986. Chick-fil-A has owned and operated Chick-fil-A
Restaurants similar to the type of Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit to be operated by you as a Licensee, since
1992.
The first Chick-fil-A Restaurant opened in a mall location was also the first Chick-fil-A Restaurant
operated by an Operator. Chick-fil-A commenced offering prospective restaurant Operators the opportunity
to become Operators pursuant to a Disclosure Document on February 10, 1987. Chick-fil-A commenced
offering prospective Licensees, who have access to locations such as schools, workplaces, universities and
airports, the opportunity to become Licensees pursuant to a Disclosure Document on May 4, 1992.
Franchises are offered to Operators under a separate disclosure document and not under this Disclosure
Document. Chick-fil-A has never offered a franchise in any other line of business. (See Item 20 for further
information on numbers and locations of franchised Chick-fil-A Operator Restaurants, Licensed Units and
Company-operated Restaurants.)
CFA Asia has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by you
as a franchisee. CFA Asia has not to date offered, but intends in the future to offer, franchises and licenses
for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in Singapore. CFA Asia has never offered or sold franchises in any other line
of business.
CFA Supply has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by
you as a Licensee. CFA Supply has never offered or sold franchises or licenses for Chick-fil-A Restaurants
or in any other line of business.
Bay Center has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by
you as a Licensee. Bay Center has never offered or sold franchises or licenses for Chick-fil-A Restaurants
or in any other line of business.
CFA Canada has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by
you as a Licensee. CFA Canada has been offering franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in Canada since
May 2019. CFA Canada has never offered or sold franchises or licenses in any other line of business.
CFA Puerto Rico has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated
by you as a Licensee. CFA Puerto Rico has been offering franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in Puerto
Rico since July 2021. CFA Puerto Rico has never offered or sold franchises or licenses in any other line of
business.
CFA Servco has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by you
as a franchisee. CFA Servco has never offered or sold franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants or in any other
line of business.
CFA UK has never owned and operated Chick-fil-A Restaurants of the type to be operated by you as
a franchisee. CFA UK has been offering franchises and licenses for Chick-fil-A Restaurants in the UK and
Northern Ireland since January 2025. CFA UK has never offered or sold franchises in any other line of
business.
Truett’s Group, LLC has owned and operated legacy brand restaurants of a similar type to the one
to be operated by you as a franchisee since its formation on November 3, 2017. Truett’s has never offered
or sold franchises for Chick-fil-A Restaurants or in any other line of business.
5

