Satisfactory completion of the two-day In-Person Cultural Experience satisfies the initial training
requirement for the Highest-Level Leader and, as applicable, any Multi-Concept Leader of each Chick-filA Unit required to attend on behalf of the Licensee. All the other Licensee Leaders, who are required to
complete training, must first complete the two-day In-Person Cultural Experience followed by the Virtual
Licensee Training, each of which must be completed to Chick-fil-A’s satisfaction.
Virtual Licensee Training is conducted via the Zoom video conferencing platform and is broadcast
from the Chick-fil-A Support Center: Buffington in Atlanta, GA. Virtual Licensee Training lasts 5 days
(see training schedule, below). The actual location, topics and length of the program varies. The program
currently utilized by Chick-fil-A covers most aspects of operations, food preparation, accounting,
maintenance, purchasing, policies and certain other applicable topics. The training program begins at a
specific time and date to be determined by Chick-fil-A. Completing the five-day Virtual Licensee Training is
the second of the two initial training requirements for the two solely-dedicated Chick-fil-A Unit Leaders
associated with each Chick-fil-A Unit, the Dedicated Chick-fil-A Leader and the Additional Chick-fil-A
Leader.
Satisfactory completion of the 2-day In-Person Cultural Experience and the 5-day Virtual Licensee
Training will result in initial certification as a Licensee Leader valid for five (5) years from the date of completion
of the last certification. As part of the Chick-fil-A Licensee Training requirements, each Licensee Leader
required to be trained must be recertified every five years for the Licensee to stay in compliance.
You must, at all times, employ at each Licensed Site the appropriate number of leaders who have
completed to Chick-fil-A’s satisfaction the Licensee Training Program. Your employees are not employees
of Chick-fil-A and will not be compensated by Chick-fil-A for or during any training described in this Item.
The virtual training program is conducted by Chick-fil-A’s Licensee training staff, which is directed
by Mr. Bill Dunphy. The program’s principal instructional materials are the Chick-fil-A digital training
resources which include procedures, instructional videos, other materials. Other employees of Chick-fil-A
and certain Operator Consultants participate in the training program in their respective areas of expertise.
Mr. Dunphy has over thirty years of experience with Chick-fil-A in the restaurant field.
Chick-fil-A waives any tuition fee for the first two employees from each new Licensed site opening
to attend the full class consisting of both the 2-day In-Person Experience and the 5-day Virtual Licensee Training program.
However, you are responsible for any travel, room, living and other expenses, wages and workers
compensation coverage of your employees attending either the 2-day In-Person Experience or, as applicable, the
5-day Virtual Licensee Training program. Chick-fil-A provides no compensation to your employees for
attendance at or during any training described in this Item. With respect to new or additional personnel that
you send or are required to send to Chick-fil-A’s 2-day In-Person Experience only or both the 2-day InPerson Experience plus the 5-day Virtual Licensee Training), you will be required to pay Chick-fil-A tuition
in the amount of $250 per employee for the 2-day In-Person Experience only or $400 per employee for both
the 2-day In-Person Experience and the 5-day Virtual Licensee Training program.

29

