A Licensed Site. Chick-fil-A may reject your proposal for additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites if Chick-fil- A
in its sole discretion determines that: (i) the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites are unsuitable for
operating Chick-fil-A Licensed Units; (ii) the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites reflect
inappropriately on Chick-fil-A or the Chick-fil-A System; or (iii) the lease, facility, use, occupancy or
ownership arrangements with respect to the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites do not comply with
Chick-fil-A’s requirements. However, Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate
additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units and reserves the right under Section 3 of the License Agreement not to
offer you the opportunity to operate additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. As a condition to Chick-fil- A’s
approval of each proposed additional Licensed Site, Chick-fil-A may require, in its sole discretion, that you: (i)
execute a new, separate License Agreement for each such additional Licensed Site; and (ii) pay an initial license
fee for each such additional Licensed Site.
As described in Item 1, certain affiliates of Chick-fil-A operate certain Dwarf House restaurants and
Truett’s Grill restaurants, which are licensed to sell Chick-fil-A products. The Dwarf House restaurants are
modeled after the Dwarf Grill restaurant first opened by S. Truett Cathy in Hapeville, Georgia, in 1946. (The
eighteen Dwarf House and Truett’s Grill restaurants that currently exist are owned by our affiliate, Truett’s
Group, LLC.) Depending on the proximity of a Dwarf House or Truett’s Grill restaurant to your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit, a Dwarf House or Truett’s Grill restaurant may compete with your licensed business.
As described above, Chick-fil-A licenses Chick-fil-A Licensees and continues to offer licenses to
prospective Licensees who have access to certain non-traditional locations such as schools, workplaces,
universities, airports, hospitals and other similar captive audience locations to sell Chick-fil-A brand
products at these locations. Chick-fil-A also grants franchises to franchised Operators and continues to offer
franchises to prospective franchised Operators to operate franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants as free-standing
units, mall and in-line units, drive-thru only units and captive venue units. Captive Venue units may be
established at non- traditional locations such as in office buildings, big-box stores, downtown areas, schools,
universities, sports stadiums, theme parks and other similar captive audience locations. Depending on the
proximity of other Chick-fil-A Licensed Units or other Chick-fil-A Restaurants to your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit, a Chick-fil- A Licensed Unit or other Chick-fil-A Restaurant may compete with your
licensed business. Chick-fil-A has never offered a franchise other than for a Licensed Unit or a franchised
Chick-fil-A Restaurant in the same or any other line of business, although it reserves the right to do so
whether by acquisition or start-up.
Chick-fil-A may operate or license others to operate any business competitive with the business of its
Operators and/or its Licensees under a name other than Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A is currently conducting a test
of its affiliate New Mile Ventures, LLC’s delivery kitchen concept called Little Blue Menu® featuring several
new virtual restaurants as well as offering Chick-fil-A products. As of the date of this Disclosure Document,
Chick-fil-A has not formulated any plans or policies to operate or license others to operate any business under
a different name, but Chick-fil-A or its affiliates may establish other or similar businesses at some future date.

33

