ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND
In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law,
Md. Code Ann. Bus. Reg. Sections 4-201 – 14-233 (1994), the Franchise Disclosure Document for
Prospective Licensees for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Maryland shall be amended to include the
following:
1.
Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under
the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A
Licensees from time to time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations
such as schools, workplaces, universities, airports, hospitals and other similar locations.
Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select and must select the Licensed
Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s prior
approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the
prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s
then current minimum standards for site approval.
2.
The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

3.
language:

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

The sentences in Item 17v. shall be supplemented by the addition of the following

If the License Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum
other than the State of Maryland, the requirement shall not be interpreted
to limit any rights you may have under Section 14-216(c)(25) of the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to bring suit in the
State of Maryland.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

