Food Service Provider Form
Revised 3/2025

Information” of CFA also includes any items specifically
designated as a Trade Secret of CFA in Section 7.2 that are
ultimately determined under applicable law not to
constitute a “trade secret” but that otherwise meet the
definition of Confidential Information. LICENSEE
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE
TERMS
OF
THIS
AGREEMENT
ARE
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF CFA.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

BACKGROUND
A.
CFA originated and owns the rights to a
distinctive system (defined below as the “CFA System”) for
marketing, preparing and selling certain chicken and other food
products (defined in Section 1.1 (k) below as the “Products”).

(f)

“Gross Receipts” for any period for a particular Unit
means Licensee’s entire gross receipts as determined
according to generally accepted accounting principles
(excluding only sales taxes or value added taxes levied
upon retail sales and payable over to the appropriate
governmental authority) from all sales of Products, goods,
wares and merchandise and from all services performed at,
from or in connection with or through the Unit during such
period, whether for cash, check or on a charge, credit, time
basis or otherwise, including (a) sales originating from
orders accepted by Licensee at or away from the Unit, or
placed by telephone, fax, delivery/mobile app, requisition
or other similar means (collectively “Sales Channels”) or
other similar means received or filled at the Unit and
(b) any assumed gross revenues of Licensee for purposes
of any loss of profits insurance claim. “Gross Receipts”
shall not include (i) any refunds to customers previously
included in Gross Receipts, and (ii) meals given at any
Retail Area to employees of Licensee that work in a Unit
at the Retail Area incident to their employment.

(g)

“Ingredients” means every ingredient, mix, spice,
cooking aid, wrapping, food container and all other items
necessary or optional for preparing the Products for sale.

(h)

“Initial Sites” means the Site(s) existing as of the
Effective Date.

(i)

“Intellectual Property” means collectively (i) registered
and unregistered copyrights, copyright registrations and
applications, (ii) Proprietary Marks (as defined in Section
1.1(1)), and other registered and unregistered trademarks
and service marks, trademark and service marks
registrations and applications, moral rights, and any other
rights to any form or medium of expression, (iii) Trade
Secrets (as defined in Section 1.1(o)), privacy rights, and
any other protection for confidential information or ideas,
(iv) inventions, patents, patent registrations and patent
applications, (v) any other material, information or theories
which are protectable or registrable under common law or
any of the copyright, trademark, patent, Trade Secret,
confidentiality or other similar laws of any State and the
United States, and (vi) any other similar rights or interests,
recognized by applicable law.

(j)

“Manual” means collectively the operations, training and
orientation manuals prepared by or on behalf of CFA that
CFA will provide to Licensee as a guide for operating the
Units and all other written, electronic, audiotaped or
videotaped materials prepared by or on behalf of CFA for
the same or a related purpose and delivered or made

B.
Licensee would like to license from CFA the
right to use the CFA System to sell, directly or through Third Party
Operators (as defined in Section 2.6), certain of the Products from
kiosks, mobile carts, custom facades, counter areas or other retail
facilities.
C.
CFA is willing to grant Licensee such a license
subject to Licensee’s full compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, including Licensee’s willingness to exercise its
license rights only in full accordance with the Chick-fil-A Culture (as
defined in Section 6.1).
SECTION 1--DEFINITIONS
1.1 Defined Terms and Phrases. This Section 1.1 sets forth
the definition of certain terms used in this Agreement. Other
definitions are found elsewhere in this Agreement. Defined
terms may be used in the singular or plural.
(a)

“Additional Site” means any additional Site where CFA
and Licensee agree, after the Effective Date, for Licensee
to establish and operate Unit(s) pursuant to Section 3.1 for
which CFA does not require that Licensee execute a new,
separate then-current form of License Agreement.

(b)

“Authorized Products” means those Products that
Licensee is licensed (or in the future may be licensed) by
CFA to sell from a particular Unit.

(c)

“CFA” and “Chick-fil-A” are defined in the preamble;
“CFA” and “Chick-fil-A” also include any assignees,
designees or successors or assigns of Chick-fil-A, Inc.

(d)

“CFA System” means CFA’s proprietary system for
marketing, preparing and selling the Products, as CFA may
further develop from time to time. The CFA System
includes, among other things, Chick-fil-A’s:
food
preparation recipes; food presentation methods; food
service techniques, such as quick service operation; signs,
menus and advertising materials; sales facility and
equipment designs, specifications and layout; the Chickfil-A Culture; and certain Intellectual Property owned by
CFA’s affiliate, CFA Properties, Inc. (“CFA Properties”).

(e)

“Confidential Information” means valuable and
proprietary confidential business information or data of or
about a Party or CFA Properties other than “Trade Secrets”
(as defined in Section 1.1(o) below). “Confidential

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

2

