shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of
the business venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this
Agreement is speculative and depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an
independent business entity and its active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well
as other factors.
7.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement.
No statement,
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
8.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire
Agreement; Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and
the Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes
the entire, complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements
between them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to the requirements of
applicable state law, no other representations have induced Licensee to sign this
Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA's representations in the most recent Franchise
Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee, including its exhibits and any
amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee's entry into this Agreement (the
“FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to rely on any representations, promises or
agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD
because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of CFA is
authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this
Agreement or the FDD. Further, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except
in writing signed by Licensee and a duly authorized officer of CFA, subject to CFA’s rights
in Sections 6.2 and 6.5, and no change, termination, or attempted waiver or cancellation of
any provision of this Agreement shall bind CFA unless in writing and signed by a duly
authorized officer of CFA
9.
Section 11.11 of the Agreement, under the heading “Miscellaneous,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end of the Section, which shall be considered
an integral part of the Agreement:
To the extent that the License Agreement requires the Licensee to sign a release or
to acknowledge facts that would negate or remove from judicial or administrative review
any statement, misrepresentation or action that would violate New York law, including
New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680 – 695, or a rule or order under
the law, the release or acknowledgment of fact will be void with respect to claims arising
under New York law. All rights the Licensee enjoys and any causes of action arising in the
Licensee’s favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NEW YORK AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

