ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, the Franchise
Disclosure Document for Prospective Licensees for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Illinois shall be
amended to include the following:
1. Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under the heading
“Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second paragraph under that
heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from time to
time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces, universities,
airports, hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select
and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s prior
approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to
be operated at the Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum standards for site
approval.
2. The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger
clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

3.

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

Item 17 shall be supplemented by the following language:
The conditions under which your License Agreement can be terminated
and your rights upon expiration of the License Agreement may be affected
by Illinois law, 815 ILCS 705/19 and 705/20.
The Licensee’s rights upon the expiration of the License Agreement
regarding repurchase may be affected by Illinois law, 815 ILCS 705/20. If
required to do so by Illinois law, 815 ILCS 705/20, Chick-fil-A will
compensate the Licensee upon expiration of the License Agreement either
by repurchase or by other means for the diminution in value of the licensed
business caused by the expiration of the License Agreement, if Chick-filA is required to do so by Illinois law, 815 ILCS 705/20.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

