Provision

Section in
franchise or
other agreement

Summary

f. Termination by
franchisor with cause

8

We can terminate the License Agreement with cause.
Depending on the reason for termination, we may not provide
you with an opportunity to cure. See this Item 17(g) and (h) for
further description.

g. “Cause” defined –
curable defaults

8

Breach of material duties or covenants of License Agreement;
damage to goodwill or reputation of Chick-fil-A; failure to
comply with hours of operation; continuance of operation
materially impaired; loss of Licensed Site; failure to comply
with government regulation; failure to comply with Chick-filA’s standards and specifications.

h. “Cause” defined –
non-curable defaults

8

Material misrepresentations regarding the License Agreement;
conviction of a felony or crime of moral turpitude; conversion
or embezzlement; misrepresentation or failure to make a
material disclosure to Chick-fil-A or any governmental
authority or in any offer or sale of securities related to a
Licensed Unit; continuance of operation of substantially all of
Licensed Units materially impaired; understatement of gross
receipts by 5% or more on two or more occasions; insolvency,
bankruptcy or appointment of receiver; the operation of the
Licensed Unit or the license granted to you is frustrated or
materially impaired by any law or civil or military authority or
acts of God, war or civil disorders, the existence or declaration
of a pandemic or epidemic, or by labor union activity.

i. Franchisee’s
obligations on
termination/nonrenewal

8

Obligations include: immediately change your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Site to a different use; pay Chick-fil-A all sums
due; cease to use all trademarks, patents, copyrights and any
other intellectual property licensed to you, and return all
manuals and other information to Chick-fil-A; obey the terms
of any covenant not to compete with Chick-fil-A; and others.

j. Assignment of contract
by franchisor

9

No restriction on Chick-fil-A’s right to assign.

k. “Transfer” by
franchisee - defined

9

Includes any assignment of your License Agreement or sale of
your interest in your License Agreement.

l. Franchisor approval of
transfer by franchisee

9

No transfer allowed without Chick-fil-A’s prior written
approval.

m. Conditions for
franchisor’s approval
of transfer

9

Chick-fil-A has the right, but not the obligation, to approve a
transfer.

n. Franchisor’s right of
first refusal to acquire
franchisee’s business

Not applicable Not applicable.

45

