Item 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
This table lists certain important provisions of the License Agreement and related agreements.
You should read these provisions in the Agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.
Provision

Section in
franchise or
other agreement

Summary

a. Length of the franchise
term

2

To be determined by Chick-fil-A prior to the execution of your
License Agreement based on a variety of factors including,
without limitation, Chick-fil-A’s assessment of the licensing
opportunity, the nature of the Licensed Site, the extent of your
ability and contractual right, if any, to operate the Licensed Unit
at the Licensed Site for a defined or otherwise predictable
period of time, and chick-fil-A’s past economic and operational
experiences at similar licensed site locations.
18T

18T

18T

18T

b. Renewal or extension
of term

No right to extend or renew. In the exercise of its sole and
exclusive business judgment (which may include, without
limitation, its assessment of your performance under the
License Agreement, your ability and contractual right, if any, to
continue to operate at the Licensed Site, and your past
economic and operational performance of the Licensed Unit),
chick-fil-A may decide, but is under no contractual obligation,
to offer you a new license agreement to operate the Licensed
Unit for an additional period of time beyond the expiration of
the License Agreement.

2

18T

18T

18T

18T

c. Requirements for
franchisee to renew or
extend

2

No right to extend or renew. If Chick-fil-A does decide to offer
you a new license, such an offer, if any, will be made in the
form of Chick-fil-A’s then-current form of license agreement
(which may include new terms, conditions and fees) and may
be conditioned upon, among other things, your refurbishment
and remodeling of each Licensed Unit to Chick-fil-A’s thencurrent standards and specifications.
18T

18T

18T

18T

D. Termination by
franchisee

e. Termination by
franchisor without
cause

8

You can terminate the License Agreement upon Chick-fil-A’s
failure to cure a material breach of the License Agreement
within 30 days of you providing notification of such breach (or,
depending upon the nature of the breach, such longer period as
may be required to complete a cure). You also can terminate
the License Agreement if Chick-fil-A makes a material
misrepresentation or false statement under the License
Agreement upon 10 days’ prior written notice.

Not applicable Not applicable.

44

