(collectively, the “POS Systems”). The functionality, performance
and informational requirements specified by CFA for the POS
Systems may include, without limitation, the ability to accept and
process all transactions at the Units (such as for example mobile
ordering and payment systems and other related technology), to
transmit point of sale data to CFA or allow and effect CFA to poll
same as and when CFA deems desirable and appropriate, and to
facilitate Licensee’s participation in any gift card, customer loyalty,
affinity and similar programs established by CFA as CFA deems
appropriate and desirable for Licensee to participate in from time to
time. CFA shall have the right to designate a single source (who may
be CFA or its affiliate) from whom Licensee must purchase certain
components or the entire POS Systems, related licenses and
technology, and related support services. Licensee bears
responsibility for the proper functioning of the POS Systems and
ensuring it is operational at all times including access to the Internet
and any extranet that may be established. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term “poll” or “polling” means any process
acceptable to CFA by which information or data about the Units may
be transmitted to or from the POS Systems or other system operated
by Licensee or its agent into a computer or system operated by CFA
or its agents in the manner and format prescribed by CFA from time
to time. For the avoidance of doubt, CFA may poll for information
including, without limitation, daily sales data, daily transaction level
data, sales per visit and products and combination of products sold,
otherwise known as product mix data or “PMIX”, and inventory data.
Licensee shall also furnish to CFA the reports and documents relating
to Licensee’s operation of the Units as described on Addendum D, as
the same may be modified by CFA in its sole and exclusive business
judgment from time to time.

6.10 Payments to CFA. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that
CFA shall have the right to charge and receive payments such as
those set forth in Addendum C for or on account of sales of goods or
services to or for the benefit of Licensee as CFA reasonably deems
appropriate, including without limitation: (a) from Licensee directly
when Licensee purchases such goods or services directly from CFA
or its authorized distributor(s); or (b) from any other person or entity
in the supply chain when Licensee purchases the goods or services
from a supplier. Licensee agrees that such payments may be or
contain a profit to CFA. Licensee shall reimburse CFA promptly
(and in any event within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice from
CFA) for any expenses incurred by CFA on behalf of or for Licensee,
and Licensee shall pay interest to CFA on any amounts not paid
within such thirty (30) day period in an amount equal to twelve
percent (12%) per annum or the highest amount permitted under law
if less than twelve percent (12%) per annum.
6.11 Insurance. Licensee, at its own expense, shall procure before
the commencement of operation of any Unit, maintain in full force
and effect at all times during the License Term, and not allow to be
cancelled, lapsed, suspended or modified, Commercial General
liability insurance covering each Unit for liability arising from
premises, operations, personal injury, products/completed
operations, and liability assumed under an insured contract. All
insurance coverage required by this Section 6.11 shall be maintained
under one or more insurance policies containing minimum liability
protection of three million dollars ($3,000,000) per occurrence. All
insurance policies required by this Section 6.11 shall be issued by an
insurance company licensed and approved by the Insurance
Commissioner (or similar official) in the jurisdiction in which the
covered Units are located and have a minimum A.M. Best rating and
financial size class of A -VII. Licensee must notify CFA prior to
canceling or not renewing any coverage. Licensee shall be the
principal beneficiary of such Commercial General liability insurance
policies but shall designate CFA as an additional insured on all such
policies and arrange to show this designation via endorsement and
on all certificates of coverage and shall forward the
endorsement/certificates of coverage to CFA within thirty (30)
calendar days of procuring such insurance but in any event before
opening a covered Unit. Licensee shall provide annually an updated
certificate of insurance with applicable endorsements within 30 days
of their policy renewal. Licensee’s insurance obligations in this
Section 6.11 shall not be limited in any way because of any insurance
that CFA may maintain.

(b) If any information provided pursuant to this Section
demonstrates an underpayment of any License Fee, Licensee shall
pay any and all sums due together with interest and costs as described
in Section 6.13(d). If the information demonstrates an overpayment,
it shall be credited to Licensee’s account.

(c) If Licensee learns of an incident that may be a breach
of the security of Licensee’s POS Systems or other computer systems
as defined under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.82 or any other applicable
data breach notification law, Licensee must immediately notify CFA
of the facts that are known about the incident (a “Data Breach”).
Although Licensee is and shall remain responsible for complying
with all data breach notification laws and standards applicable to
Licensee and the Units, Licensee will cooperate and coordinate with
CFA regarding such incidents where notification to individuals is
required before individuals are notified so that CFA can be aware of
and be prepared to address issues that may affect the Proprietary
Marks and the System and be in a position to support Licensee where
CFA deems advisable and possible. In the event of an actual or
suspected Data Breach, Licensee agrees to cooperate with CFA and
to provide CFA with any access and information CFA may
reasonably request to conduct its own investigation and support
CFA’s own remediation efforts. Nothing in the preceding sentence
shall relieve Licensee of Licensee’s obligation to comply with
applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards or any equivalent
thereof concerning an actual or suspected Data Breach or Licensee’s
sole responsibility for any costs or financial losses Licensee incurs or
remedial actions that Licensee must take as a result of an actual or
suspected Data Breach.

6.12 Point of Sale, Data and Reporting Requirements.
(a) Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, in support of
CFA’s operation and development of the CFA System, it is desirable
for CFA to collect certain limited financial, operational, and
statistical information concerning the Units. Licensee further
acknowledges its responsibility and obligation to submit any such
information requested by CFA within such timeframes as may be
reasonably established by CFA from time to time. Accordingly,
Licensee agrees to obtain, maintain and use at its sole cost and
expense at all times computer hardware and software, including
computer, point of sale, and other electronic information systems, a
high-speed Internet connection, and all equipment components and
software approved by CFA and otherwise necessary for Licensee to
meet all functionality, performance and informational requirements
specified by CFA, as the same may be required and modified by CFA
in its sole and exclusive business judgment from time to time

License Agreement – Self Op

7

