by Chick-fil-A or because of Chick-fil-A’s negligence.
6.
Section 10.5 of the License Agreement, under the subheading entitled “Choice of law,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
If the License Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s laws other than
the State of Indiana, to the extent that such laws conflict with the Indiana Deceptive
Franchises Practices Act and the Indiana Franchises Act, the Acts will control.
7.
Section 10.6 of the License Agreement, under the subheading entitled “Litigation,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
If the License Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum
other than the State of Indiana, the requirement may be unenforceable as a
limitation on litigation under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices
Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1(10).
8.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success
of the business venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this
Agreement is speculative and depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee
as an independent business entity and its active participation in the affairs of the
Units, as well as other factors.
9.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:
10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement,
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

10.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire Agreement;
Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda
and the Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof)
constitutes the entire, complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee
concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all previous
negotiations and agreements between them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other representations have
induced Licensee to sign this Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA's representations
in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee,
including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements, in connection with
Licensee's entry into this Agreement (the “FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to
rely on any representations, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing
in or attached to this Agreement or in the FDD because, among other things, no
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
INDIANA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

