document executed in connection with the franchise.
6.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire Agreement;
Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and
the Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes
the entire, complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements
between them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to the requirements of
applicable state law, no other representations have induced Licensee to sign this
Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA's representations in the most recent Franchise
Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee, including its exhibits and any
amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee's entry into this Agreement (the
“FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to rely on any representations, promises or
agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the
FDD because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of CFA
is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this
Agreement or the FDD. Further, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except
in writing signed by Licensee and a duly authorized officer of CFA, subject to CFA’s
rights in Sections 6.2 and 6.5, and no change, termination, or attempted waiver or
cancellation of any provision of this Agreement shall bind CFA unless in writing and
signed by a duly authorized officer of CFA.
7.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent that the
jurisdictional requirements and any other requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, with
respect to each such provision, are met independent of and without reference to this Amendment. This
Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Rhode Island Amendment to
the License Agreement in duplicate on the date first above written.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.

LICENSEE

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Title:

Title:

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
RHODE ISLAND AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

