AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT REQUIRED BY
THE STATE OF INDIANA
In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, Indiana Code §§ 232-2.5-1 to 23-2-2.5-51, and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 to
23-2-2.7-7, the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement (the “License Agreement”), dated as of
, do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 2.3 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “License not
Exclusive,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
Chick-fil-A will not compete unfairly with the Licensee within a
reasonable area of the Licensed Unit.
2.
Section 2.5 of the License Agreement, under the subheading entitled “License Term,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of following language:
The Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act may provide rights to
Licensee concerning the non-renewable nature of the License Agreement.
To the extent that this section of the License Agreement is inconsistent
with the Act, the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act will control.
3.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the
selection of any Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a
Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chickfil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be
operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current minimum standards for site
approval. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from the Site with
which it was originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
4.
Section 10.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading “Equitable Remedies”, is
supplemented by adding the following sentence at the end:
Any reservation of rights by Chick-fil-A to injunctive relief and specific
damages or limitations on the remedies available to either party without
benefit of appropriate process is prohibited under IC 23-2-2.7-1(10).
Licensee cannot be required to recognize the adequacy or inadequacy of
any remedy. The waiver or release of any rights by the Licensee with
regard to this License Agreement is prohibited to the extent required under
IC 23-2-2.7-1(5).
5.
Section 10.3 of the License Agreement, under the heading “Indemnification”, is
supplemented by adding the following sentence at the end:
In no event will this indemnification apply to liability caused by
Licensee’s proper reliance on or use of procedures or materials provided
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
INDIANA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

