available to Licensee pursuant to Section 6.5, plus any
amendments or additions thereto and any and all nonEnglish language versions thereof (whether prepared by or
on behalf of CFA or Licensee).
(k)

“Products” means all present and future items of food and
drink and all non-food inventory intended by CFA to be
sold to or used by Chick-fil-A customers generally,
including the Authorized Products.

(l)

“Proprietary Marks” means collectively currently
existing and future service marks, trademarks, trade names,
trade dress (including product package designs), symbols,
slogans, emblems, logos, insignias, external and internal
building designs and architectural features, and
combinations of the foregoing, which CFA Properties has
licensed to CFA for its own use and to sublicense others to
use with the CFA System, including those service marks,
trademarks and trade names listed on Addendum A.

and any Additional Sites that may be approved by CFA
pursuant to Section 3.1 for which CFA does not require that
Licensee execute a new, separate then-current form of License
Agreement; (b) sell the Authorized Products from the Units;
(c) use the Proprietary Marks and the CFA System solely for
the sale of the Authorized Products from the Units, and
(d) advertise the Units to the public, consistent with CFA
advertising policies. Licensee and CFA shall complete CFA’s
then current version of its “Site Description Form” in the form
of Exhibit 2 hereto for each Site from which Licensee is
authorized to operate a Unit. These completed Site Description
Forms shall be maintained by CFA and their contents are
deemed incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
2.2 Menus. The core menu for licensed units is set forth on
Addendum B. The core menu applicable to each Unit, which
may be modified, amended or otherwise supplemented by the
Parties from time to time pursuant to mutual agreement, is set
forth on the Site Description Form for the Site from which
Licensee is authorized to operate such Unit.

(m) “Site” means the building or facility in which the Unit is
located. The “Site” of a Unit not located in a building or
facility shall be deemed to be the physical location of the
Unit.
(n)

“Retail Area” means the retail area or food court located
at or within a Site.

(o)

“Trade Secrets” means information or data of or about a
Party or CFA Properties (including, but not limited to,
confidential business information, technical or nontechnical data, formulas, recipes, patterns, compilations,
programs, devices, methods, techniques, drawings,
processes, financial data, financial plans, product plans,
lists of actual or potential customers or suppliers) that:
(a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not
being generally known to, and not being readily
ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can
obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (b) is
the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the
circumstances to maintain its secrecy. To the extent that
applicable law mandates a definition of “trade secret”
inconsistent with the foregoing definition, then the
foregoing definition shall be construed in such a manner as
to be consistent with the mandated definition under
applicable law.

(p)

2.3 License Not Exclusive. Licensee acknowledges that the
rights licensed and granted to it in this Agreement are not
exclusive. CFA reserves the right to operate or to grant parties
other than Licensee the right to operate Units or other Chickfil-A restaurants at any location. CFA also reserves the right
to use the Proprietary Marks in connection with, or to operate
directly or to license the operation of, any business other than
Units at any location. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during
the License Term (as defined in Section 2.5), CFA shall not
operate or grant other parties the right to operate Units or other
Chick-fil-A restaurants from any Site where Licensee operates
a Unit.
2.4 Limitation of License Rights. Except as is otherwise
permitted under this Agreement (including Section 2.6), the
License and rights granted Licensee in this Agreement are for
the sole benefit of Licensee and Licensee shall not grant any
third party not directly affiliated with Licensee the right to use
the Proprietary Marks or the CFA System to sell any products
or services from any location. CFA reserves to itself all other
rights not granted expressly to Licensee under this Agreement.
2.5 License Term. The initial term of the License granted
Licensee pursuant to this Section 2 (the “License Term”) shall
begin on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall end on
the date that is ____ (__) years after the Effective Date of this
Agreement (the “Initial Termination Date”), subject to its
earlier termination pursuant to Section 8.
Licensee
acknowledges and agrees that: (1) Licensee, under this
Agreement, has no right either to extend or renew the License
Term or to be offered or granted a new license agreement by
CFA upon the Initial Termination Date; and (2) CFA is under
no obligation under this Agreement either to extend or renew
the License Term or to offer or grant a new license agreement
to Licensee upon the Initial Termination Date. Any decision
by CFA to offer Licensee the opportunity to enter into a new
license agreement regarding the License granted in this
Section 2 for a period of time beyond the Initial Termination
Date: (1) shall be made in the exercise of CFA’s sole and
exclusive business judgment (which may include, without

“Unit” means each Chick-fil-A facility, kiosk, mobile cart,
custom facade, counter area or other retail facility from
which Licensee is licensed to sell Products pursuant to this
Agreement.
SECTION 2--GRANT AND TERM OF LICENSE

2.1 License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, CFA grants to Licensee, and Licensee accepts, a
non-transferable, non-exclusive license (the “License”) during
the License Term (as defined in Section 2.5), directly or
through “Third Party Operators” as provided in Section 2.6, to:
(a) establish and operate a Unit at each Site approved by CFA
and licensed to Licensee by CFA, including the Initial Sites

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

3

