Chick-fil-A, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:
•
•

•

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in
active markets;
Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either
directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active
markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not
active; and
Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore
requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from
valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers
are unobservable.

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of
financial instruments:
For all periods presented, the recorded carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents,
receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses and obligations approximate fair value due to
the short-term nature of these instruments.
Investments are recorded at fair value in accordance with the fair value hierarchy above. The
Company determines the classification within the hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement.
A significant portion of the Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plan assets have been
measured at fair value using net asset value (“NAV”) as a practical expedient, as permitted under
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements. Refer to Note 6 for additional details.
The Company records derivative financial instruments on the balance sheet at their respective fair
values. The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging, which allows all changes in fair value of highly effective cash flow hedges
to be recorded in other comprehensive earnings (loss). Additionally, ASC 815 allows for ongoing
qualitative considerations of hedge effectiveness, provided certain conditions are met.
During 2023, the Company unwound our LIBOR benchmarked interest rate swap contracts that
were previously designated as cash flow hedges under ASC 815. Prior to unwinding, these
hedges were deemed to be highly effective in offsetting changes in our future expected cash flows
under our floating interest rate, LIBOR benchmarked debt. Changes to the fair value were
recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified into interest expense
in the same period in which the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. Refer to Note 5 for
additional detail on the unwind of the Company’s interest rate swap contracts.
The Company also enters into other derivative arrangements, primarily options and swap contracts,
as a way to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in certain commodity prices. The Company elects
to treat these derivative instruments as economic hedges and does not apply the hedge accounting
provisions of ASC 815. As a result, the Company records each derivative instrument on the
balance sheet at its fair value with the entire change in fair value reported in earnings each
reporting period. For certain commodity derivatives, we incur premiums to our counterparties upon
execution of the derivative contract. Such premiums are recorded on the balance sheet and are
subsequently measured at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value reflected in earnings.
As of December 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a derivative asset/(liability) of
approximately $2,412,000 and ($2,730,000), respectively. The short-term portion of this
asset/(liability) is reflected within Prepaid expenses and other assets and the long-term portion in
19

