AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NEW YORK
In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, Section 680 through 695, and
of the Codes, Rules, and Regulations of the State of New York, Title 13, Chapter VII, Section 200.1 through 201.16,
the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement, dated as of
, (the “License Agreement”), do
hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,”
shall be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of
any Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location
of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that
the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current
minimum standards for site approval. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from
the Site with which it was originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
2.
Section 6.5 of the Agreement, under the heading “Operations Manual,” shall be
supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end of the Section, which shall be considered
an integral part of the Agreement:
Revisions to the manuals shall not unreasonably affect Licensee’s
obligations, including economic requirements, under this Agreement.
3.
Section 9.1 of the Agreement, under the heading “Assignment by CFA,” shall be
supplemented by the following language, which shall be considered an integral part of the Agreement:
However, no assignment shall be made except to an assignee who, in the
good faith judgment of Chick-fil-A, is willing and able to assume Chick-fil-A’s
obligations under this Agreement.
4.
Section 10.3 of the Agreement, under the heading “Indemnification,” shall be
supplemented as follows:
Notwithstanding the above, you shall indemnify Chick-fil-A and hold Chick-filA harmless from liabilities resulting from your breaches and civil wrongs only.
5.
Section 10.5 of the Agreement, under the heading “Choice of Law,” shall be
supplemented as follows:
This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws relating
to the construction and interpretation of contracts of the State of Georgia, without
regard to any conflict of law statute or doctrine applicable in the State of Georgia,
except that the above choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right
conferred upon Licensee by General Business Law of New York State, Sections
680-695.
6.

Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,”

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NEW YORK AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

