AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF WISCONSIN
In recognition of the requirements of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat.
§§ 135.01 through 135.07, the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement dated as of
(the “License Agreement”) do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 2.5 of the License Agreement, under the subheading entitled “License
Term,” shall be supplemented by the addition of following language:
The Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat. §§ 135.01 through 135.07,
may provide rights to Licensee concerning the non-renewable nature of the License
Agreement. To the extent that this section of the License Agreement is inconsistent
with the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law will
control.
2.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,”
shall be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the
selection of any Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed
Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A
Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at
the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current minimum standards for site approval.
Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from the Site with which it was
originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
3.
Section 8 of the License Agreement shall be supplemented by the addition of the
following language at the conclusion of the Section:
8. Chick-fil-A’s Obligations Upon Chick-fil-A’s Termination
Upon termination of the License Agreement by Chick-fil-A, at the Licensee’s
option, Chick-fil-A must repurchase, at fair wholesale market value, all inventory
bearing Chick-fil-A’s trademarks sold by Chick-fil-A to the Licensee for resale
under the License Agreement.
4.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled
“Caveats,” shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success
of the business venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this
Agreement is speculative and depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee
as an independent business entity and its active participation in the affairs of the
Units, as well as other factors.
5.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement,
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
WISCONSIN AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

