AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, the parties to
the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement (the “License Agreement”), dated as of
,
do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Sections 2.5 and 8.2 of the License Agreement, under the headings entitled “License Term”
and “Termination by CFA,” shall be supplemented by the following language:
If any of the provisions of this Section concerning termination or non-renewal are
inconsistent with Sections 19 or 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, then
said Illinois law shall apply.
2.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of any Sites
and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-filA Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed
Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current minimum standards for site
approval. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from the Site with which it was
originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
3.
Section 10.5 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Choice of Law,” shall
be deleted in its entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof:
This Agreement is made pursuant to and shall be interpreted under the laws and decisions
of the State of Georgia as they now exist and hereafter may be amended or changed from
time to time. Notwithstanding the above, this Section 10.5 shall be void with respect to any
cause of action arising under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987.
4.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,”
shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of the
business venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this Agreement
is speculative and depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an independent
business entity and its active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well as other
factors.
5.
Section 10.6 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Litigation,”
shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof:
10.6 Litigation. The Parties agree that if a controversy or claim between them arises out
of or relates to this Agreement or the relationship between Licensee and CFA and results
in litigation, the state and federal courts located in the state of Illinois shall have jurisdiction
to hear and decide such matters, and each Party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of such
courts. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that such courts are convenient forums
for the litigation of any controversy or claim which may arise out of or relating to this
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
ILLINOIS AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

