Licensee, at no cost to Licensee. Licensee agrees to insert
immediately all new pages in their proper places and to remove the
superseded pages at the same time and return the superseded pages
and/or replaced manuals to CFA within three (3) business days of the
receipt by Licensee of the new pages or revised manuals. The
Manual is intended to further the purposes of this Agreement and
Licensee shall operate the Units to be in full compliance with all
requirements in the Manual. In addition, any changes in the Manual
made by CFA during the License Term shall be incorporated into the
Manual automatically as of the date updated provisions are deemed
received by Licensee pursuant to the notice provisions of
Section 11.2. In the event of a conflict between the Manual and this
Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.

Units in any way or make any modification of the Sites that is
reasonably likely to affect materially the Proprietary Marks.
6.8 Building and Premises Standards. CFA shall have the right
to require Licensee to purchase the signage, fixtures, leasehold
improvements, equipment and other features of the building or
premises of the Units from suppliers approved in advance by CFA.
With respect to the Initial Sites, CFA may exercise such right by
delivering written notice to Licensee promptly upon the execution of
this Agreement by CFA; with respect to Additional Sites, CFA may
exercise such right by delivering written notice to Licensee promptly
after approval of the Additional Sites as indicated on the Site
Description Form for such Additional Site. Licensee acknowledges
that CFA may appoint as many or as few approved suppliers as it
reasonably deems appropriate and that such approved suppliers may
in some instances include or be limited to CFA (in which case CFA
may receive payments as allowed by Section 6.10).

6.6 Consumer Awareness. Licensee shall at all times during the
term of this Agreement, at its own cost, use diligent efforts to advance
the reputation of CFA and the Products and to enhance consumer
awareness of the Products and the Proprietary Marks. Licensee shall
use only advertising and promotional materials, programs and
techniques that are consistent with the Chick-fil-A Culture and that
comply with any CFA advertising guidelines that may be
disseminated from time to time.

6.9 Standards for Products and Supplies.
(a) Licensee may only sell in a Unit the Authorized
Products for that Unit. Licensee shall at all times during the License
Term offer for sale at each Unit all Products on the Unit Core Menu
approved by CFA for that Unit. Licensee shall not under any
circumstances sell any other products or conduct any other business
in or from the Units or sell the Products from any location other than
the Units, unless approved in advance in writing by CFA.

6.7
Preparation and Modification of the Units. Licensee
shall purchase, lease, maintain and replace all equipment and signage
for the Units necessary in order to comply with CFA’s then-current
standards at Licensee’s own cost and directly from an approved
supplier in accordance with this Section 6.7. Licensee shall be
responsible for all installation and space conversion and shall bear
the cost of all required smallwares. Licensee shall be responsible for
supplying all necessary working drawings and plans for construction,
remodeling or renovation of the Sites (the “Drawings”) required to
prepare the Units for operation, and shall submit such Drawings to
CFA prior to their use. Unless within twenty (20) business days of
receipt of the Drawings from Licensee (verified by post office
returned receipt or overnight delivery service notification of delivery
(signature required)) CFA notifies Licensee of CFA’s disapproval of
such Drawings, the Drawings will be deemed to have been approved
by CFA. Licensee shall build, renovate or remodel the Sites, as the
case may be, only in accordance with such plans as they are supplied,
or approved, by CFA. To the extent any Unit has been operated by
Licensee prior to the date of this Agreement pursuant to a license with
CFA, or this Agreement is renewed or extended by operation of law
beyond the Initial Termination Date, Licensee shall refurbish and
remodel at CFA’s option and direction each such Unit to Chick-filA’s then-current standards, specifications, policies and designs for
the development and operation of a Chick-fil-A licensed unit in
accordance with Sections 6.2, 6.7 and 6.8 of this Agreement. As
between CFA and Licensee, CFA shall be the sole and exclusive
owner of all proprietary elements of the Drawings and the renderings
on the Drawings, whether or not they are prepared by or on behalf of
CFA, although Licensee shall be entitled to retain a copy of the
Drawings (provided that Licensee may not disclose the Drawings to
any third parties or use the Drawings for a purpose not in conjunction
with CFA). To the extent that the Drawings are prepared by or on
behalf of Licensee, Licensee shall be solely responsible for providing
any third-party service provider with timely payment for such
Drawings, and Licensee hereby assigns and agrees to assign or to
procure the assignment of all Intellectual Property rights therein,
including without limitation copyright and all rights to sue for past
infringement, at no cost to CFA. Licensee shall not, without the prior
written consent of CFA, adversely modify the appearance of the

License Agreement – Self Op

(b) In preparing Products for sale in the Units, Licensee
agrees to use only the ingredients, techniques and procedures
designated or approved in advance by CFA. Licensee may offer only
such Products in the proportions, appearance and packaging as may
periodically be specified by CFA. Licensee agrees that all Products
offered for sale in the Units shall comply with CFA’s standards and
specifications of quality, portion, taste and appearance and agrees to
refrain from selling in the Units any Products that fail to meet such
standards and specifications.
(c) Except as CFA may otherwise approve in writing in
advance, Licensee shall utilize in the Units only those paper products
(e.g. bags, boxes, wrappers, cups, napkins or cartons) or utensils or
customer goodwill items and other food and beverage containers and
customer convenience items that display one or more of the
Proprietary Marks.
(d) Except as CFA may otherwise approve in writing in
advance, Licensee shall purchase from CFA or suppliers approved in
advance by CFA all Products and Ingredients, and all bags, boxes,
wrappers, cups, napkins, cartons, utensils, customer goodwill items
and other food and beverage containers and customer convenience
items that display one or more of the Proprietary Marks or that are
sold or used in at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the then existing
CFA restaurants and other facilities selling any or all of the Products
even if such items do not display any of the Proprietary Marks.
Licensee acknowledges that CFA may appoint as many or as few
approved suppliers as it reasonably deems appropriate and that such
approved suppliers may in some instances include or be limited to
CFA (in which case CFA may receive payments as allowed by
Section 6.10).

6

