accordance with this Agreement, the cost of such defense, including the cost of any
judgment or settlement, shall be borne by Licensee.
4.
Section 10.5 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Choice of Law,” shall
be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
If the License Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the state
of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the
Licensee as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act, including the right to submit
matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.
5.
Section 10.6 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Litigation,” shall be
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
If the License Agreement requires the Licensee to sue Chick-fil-A outside of the state of
Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the
Licensee as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act, including the right to submit
matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.
6.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of the business
venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this Agreement is speculative and
depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an independent business entity and its
active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well as other factors.
7.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
8.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire Agreement;
Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and the
Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes the entire,
complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the subject matter of
this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements between them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other
representations have induced Licensee to sign this Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA’s
representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee,
including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee’s entry
into this Agreement (the “FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to rely on any representations,
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
MINNESOTA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

