5.

The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:

t. Integration/merger
clause*

6.

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

Item 17 for the License Agreement, item v, under the subheading entitled “Choice of
forum” shall be amended by the addition of the following language:
The License Agreement’s requirement that litigation be conducted in a forum other
than the State of Indiana may be unenforceable as a limitation on litigation under
the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1(10).
Item 17 for the License Agreement, item w, under the subheading entitled “Choice
of law” shall be amended by the addition of the following language:
The Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act requires that Indiana law
govern any cause of action which arises under the Indiana Franchise Disclosure
Law or the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act.

7.

Item 17 shall be supplemented by the following language:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any
other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

8.
Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective
only to the extent, with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Indiana
Franchise Disclosure Law, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.5-1 to 23-2-2.5-51, and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise
Practices Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 to 23-2-2.7-7, are met independently without reference to this
Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
INDIANA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

