pending CFA’s completion of a site visit and any further investigative
activities it deems necessary or appropriate. Licensee shall arrange
for CFA to have access to each proposed Additional Site so that CFA
can conduct an assessment of the Site. After CFA has completed the
site visit, Licensee shall complete a Site Description Form for the
proposed Additional Site and submit it to CFA for final approval.
CFA shall have ten (10) business days from the date it receives the
completed Site Description Form to approve or reject the proposed
Additional Site. CFA may reject Licensee’s proposal for Additional
Sites if CFA determines, in its sole and exclusive business judgment,
that: (i) the proposed Additional Sites are unsuitable for operating
Units; (ii) the proposed Additional Sites reflect inappropriately on
CFA or the CFA System; or (iii) the lease facility, use, occupancy or
ownership arrangements with respect to the proposed Additional
Sites do not comply with the requirements of Section 6.8. As a
condition to CFA’s approval of each Additional Site, CFA may
require, in its sole and exclusive business judgment, that: (i) Licensee
execute a new, separate then-current form of License Agreement for
each such Additional Site; and (ii) Licensee pay an initial license fee
for each such Additional Site, if CFA generally requires prospective
licensees to pay an initial license fee in executing its then-current
License Agreement.

there is space available in the program and Licensee pays the tuition
(as set by CFA on Addendum C) for the program. Licensee shall be
responsible for the travel, room, living and other expenses, wages,
benefits and workers compensation coverage incurred by employees
attending the training program. Licensee shall ensure that, at all
times during the License Term, at least two (2) management-level
employees at a Site whose duties include management or supervision
of Licensee’s employees at the Unit shall have attended and
completed to CFA’s satisfaction all then required components of the
Licensee training program. As part of the Chick-fil-A Licensee
training requirements, each Licensee designated manager required to
be trained pursuant to this Section must be recertified every five years
in order for Licensee to stay in compliance.

3.2 Responsibility. Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee has the
sole responsibility for the selection of any Sites and the location of
Units there. Approval by CFA of Sites shall not constitute a
representation or warranty by CFA that the Units operated at the Sites
will be profitable or safe for customers or employees or other
personnel of Licensee. Licensee may not move the location of any
Unit, from the Site with which it was originally associated, without
CFA’s prior written consent.

6.1 Corporate Culture. Licensee acknowledges the unique
corporate environment, culture, reputation and goodwill, including,
for example, the Sunday closing policy, that have evolved as an
integral part of the CFA System (the “Chick-fil-A Culture”).
Accordingly, Licensee agrees that it shall exercise its rights and
License granted to it pursuant to this Agreement in a manner
consistent with the reputation and goodwill of Chick-fil-A and the
Chick-fil-A Culture.

SECTION 4 -- FEES

6.2 Uniformity. Licensee acknowledges that the CFA System is a
unique and unified approach to selling the Products and that, subject
to Section 10.8(b), compliance with CFA’s standards, specifications,
methods, techniques and procedures for operating the Units is
necessary to maintain the general uniformity upon which part of the
goodwill of CFA and the CFA System depend. Accordingly, subject
to Section 10.8(b), Licensee shall conduct the operations of the Units
in compliance with all of CFA’s standards, specifications, methods,
techniques and procedures, including those set forth in this
Agreement or the Manual, unless CFA has given Licensee its prior
written consent to do otherwise. Licensee recognizes and agrees that
CFA from time to time may change or modify its standards,
specifications, methods, techniques and procedures and agrees to
accept, comply with and otherwise conform to all such changes or
modifications (and shall make all reasonable expenditures necessary
for such acceptance, compliance and conformance) within a
reasonable period of time after Licensee’s receipt of notice of such
changes or modifications.

5.2 Additional Assistance. CFA, in its sole and exclusive business
judgment, may make available to Licensee, from time to time, such
additional advice and assistance as Licensee may reasonably request
or CFA may deem necessary, including assistance or advice
regarding the operation of the Units, additional training and sales
building.
SECTION 6 -- OPERATION OF THE UNITS

4.1 License Fees and Other Fees. Addendum C sets forth license
fees and certain other fees that Licensee shall pay CFA in
consideration of the various rights granted to Licensee under this
Agreement and the timing and procedures for paying such license
fees and other fees. Licensee agrees to pay all such license fees and
other fees as and when they are due and in accordance with all CFA
policies.
SECTION 5 -- TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE
5.1 Training. Before Licensee can begin operating a Unit, it must
send at least two (2) management-level employees from the Site,
whose duties include management or supervision of Licensee’s
employees at the Unit, to an initial Licensee training program
sponsored by CFA and these employees must complete the program
to CFA’s satisfaction. Before Licensee can begin operating a Unit,
Licensee must also send at least two (2) or, at Chick-fil-A’s sole
election and option, one (1) other senior management-level employee
from the Unit, whose duties may also include management or
supervision of Licensee’s employees at the Unit, to the in person
cultural experience portion of the Licensee initial training program
designated by CFA and these employees must complete that portion
of the program to CFA’s satisfaction. CFA shall determine the
location, method and means, time, content and length of the training
program. CFA shall waive a tuition charge for the first two (2) such
management-level employees attending the training program from
the Site. Additional employees may attend the training program if

License Agreement – Self Op

6.3 Standards of Operation. Licensee shall:
(a) operate each Unit in a clean, safe and orderly manner,
providing courteous, first-class service to the public in compliance
with all CFA service standards and initiatives;
(b) make every reasonable effort to increase the sales and
business and maximize the Gross Receipts of each Unit;

4

