Item 1
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES
The franchisor is Chick-fil-A, Inc. (“we,” “us” or “Chick-fil-A”). The person who is granted a
license and becomes a Chick-fil-A Licensee is referred to as “you” or “Licensee” throughout this Disclosure
Document.
Chick-fil-A, Inc. and Affiliates: We are a Georgia corporation formed on March 23, 1964, and we
use the trade name Chick-fil-A. We do not do business under any other name. Chick-fil-A’s principal
business address is 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998. Chick-fil-A currently has no
parents or predecessors required to be included in this Item.
Chick-fil-A Supply, LLC (“CFA Supply”) is our affiliate. CFA Supply is a Georgia limited liability
company formed on November 13, 2018 under the name CFA D2Services, LLC. The name of the company
was changed to Chick-fil-A Supply, LLC on April 16, 2019. The principal business address for CFA Supply
is 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, GA 30349-2998. CFA Supply is an approved distributor to carry food
products, ingredients, and supplies to licensed, franchised, and company and affiliate owned Chick-fil-A
Restaurants. CFA Supply purchases proprietary products from Chick-fil-A, our affiliate Bay Center
described in the following paragraph, and other suppliers and resells and delivers them to Chick-fil-A’s
licensees, franchisees, and company and affiliate owned Chick-fil-A Restaurants in geographic areas where
it operates. CFA Supply may be the only approved primary distributor serving the geographic area where
it operates. CFA Supply began operations in July 2019.
Bay Center Foods, LLC (“Bay Center”) is our affiliate. Bay Center is a Georgia limited liability
company formed on December 14, 2018 under the name Bay Center, LLC. The name of the company was
changed to Bay Center Foods, LLC on January 4, 2019. Bay Center’s principal business address is 5200
Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998. Bay Center produces Chick-fil-A branded lemon juice that
is a proprietary principal ingredient used to produce our proprietary Chick-fil-A branded lemonade. Bay
Center is an approved supplier to supply lemon juice to Chick-fil-A Restaurants in geographic areas where
it operates. Bay Center may be the only approved supplier of lemon juice for the geographic area where it
operates. Bay Center began operations in 2020.
Chick-fil-A (Asia) Pte. Ltd. (“CFA Asia”) is our affiliate. CFA Asia is a private company limited
by shares, incorporated in Singapore on October 23, 2020. The registered office address of CFA Asia is 8
Marina Boulevard #05-02, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018981. In the future, CFA Asia will
offer franchises and licenses for the development of a system of retail quick-service restaurants in Singapore
under the trademark “Chick-fil-A” specializing in a boneless breast of chicken sandwich. CFA Asia may also
operate various Chick-fil-A and other restaurants itself from time to time in Singapore in the future directly
or through its affiliates and subsidiaries
Chick-fil-A Canada ULC (“CFA Canada”) is our affiliate. CFA Canada is a British Columbia
unlimited liability company incorporated on September 19, 2017. CFA Canada’s principal business address
is 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998. CFA Canada offers franchises and licenses for the
development of a system of retail quick-service restaurants in Canada under the trademark “Chick-fil-A”
specializing in a boneless breast of chicken sandwich. CFA Canada offers its franchises and licenses under
separate Canadian Disclosure Documents. CFA Canada may also operate various Chick-fil-A and other
restaurants itself from time to time in Canada in the future directly or through its affiliates and subsidiaries.
CFA Canada began operations in May 2019.
Chick-fil-A (PR) LLC (“CFA Puerto Rico”) is our affiliate. CFA Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rico
limited liability company formed on August 26, 2020. CFA Puerto Rico’s principal business address is
1

