Chick-fil-A, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
accompanying consolidated balance sheets and was approximately $15,536,000, and $15,859,000
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Additionally, Other income on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive
earnings includes gains and/or losses earned on certain investments administered through a Rabbi
Trust, interest income on the Company’s short-term investments, and other miscellaneous
income/loss not subject to ASC 606. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the
Company recorded net income/(losses) of approximately $70,987,000, $111,101,000, and
($18,788,000), respectively, within Other income on the accompanying consolidated statements of
comprehensive earnings, which represents amounts that are not subject to the scope of ASC 606.
Pension, Postretirement, and Postemployment Benefits Plans
The Company accounts for pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit plans in
accordance with the provisions of ASC 715, Compensation-Retirement Benefits. The standard
requires, among other things, the recognition of the funded status of each defined benefit pension
plan, retiree health care and other postretirement benefit plans and postemployment benefit plans
on the balance sheet. Each overfunded plan is recognized as an asset and each underfunded plan
is recognized as a liability. The initial impact of the standard due to unrecognized prior service
costs or credits and net actuarial gains or losses as well as subsequent changes in the funded
status is recognized as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders’
equity. See Note 6 for additional information.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and all liquid investments purchased with a
remaining maturity of 90 days or less at the date of acquisition. Investments with maturities greater
than 90 days following date of acquisition are recorded within Short-term investments and Longterm investments on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Cash equivalents as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023 consist of cash deposits, money market funds, and US Treasury
bills. The cost of these investments approximates their fair value. The Company's cash balance is
held with several different financial institutions, for which the related cash balances may exceed
amounts federally insured during the year. The Company has not experienced any losses in such
accounts, and management believes that the Company mitigates its risk by utilizing major financial
institutions.
The Company has reclassified checks issued but not yet presented for payment as Trade payable
and other in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Outstanding checks totaled
approximately $47,928,000, and $63,939,000 at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on either a
weighted-average cost or standard cost basis. Our inventories consist primarily of ingredients,
packaging, and other supplies for sale to our restaurant franchisees. For our lemon juice
production operations, the Company’s inventory consists of both raw materials, which includes
primarily lemons and packaging, and finished goods, which includes lemon juice and other lemon
byproducts.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Cost includes all direct costs necessary to acquire and
prepare assets for use, including internal labor. Expenditures for significant improvements are
capitalized while expenditures for minor replacements, maintenance and repairs are expensed as
incurred. Interest is capitalized on borrowings during the active construction period of qualifying

14

