ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent.
Code, §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North Dakota Securities
Commission, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Licensees of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in
the state of North Dakota shall be amended to include the following:
1.
Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under
the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from
time to time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces,
universities, airports, hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole
responsibility to select and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the
location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chickfil-A’s prior approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed
Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum standards for
site approval.
2.
Item 17.r provision entitled “Non-competition covenants after the franchise is terminated
or expires” shall be supplemented with the following language:
The North Dakota Franchise Investment Law has a statute which limits Chick-fil-A’s
ability to restrict your activity after the License Agreement has ended. N.D. Cent. Code
§ 9-08-06.
3.
The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

4.
The Item 17.v provision entitled “Choice of forum” shall be amended so that it reflects that
there is no such provision contained in the License Agreement for use in North Dakota.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

