Minnesota Franchise Act, the provisions of the License Agreement will be superseded by
the Minnesota Franchise Act’s requirements and shall have no force or effect.
4.
The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

5.
Item 17 for the License Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the following
language at the conclusion of the provision entitled “Choice of law:”
If the License Agreement and/or Franchise Disclosure Document require(s) that it be
governed by a state’s law, other than the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in
any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the Licensee as provided for in the Minnesota
Franchise Act, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of
Minnesota.
6.
Item 17 shall be amended by the addition of the following language at the conclusion of
the provision entitled “Choice of forum:”
If the License Agreement and/or Franchise Disclosure Document requires the Licensee to
sue Chick-fil-A outside of the state of Minnesota, those provisions shall not in any way
abrogate or reduce any rights of the Licensee as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise
Act, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota.
7.

Item 17 shall be amended by the addition of the following language at the end of the item:

Minn. Stat. §80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the franchise
disclosure document or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided
for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or
remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have
the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

