AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT REQUIRED BY
THE STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA
In recognition of the requirements of the South Dakota Franchise Investment Law, Title 37, Chapter
37-5B, Sections 37-5B-53, the parties to the Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement (the “License
Agreement”), dated as of
, do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of any
Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective
Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current minimum standards
for site approval. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from the Site with which it was
originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
2.
Section 7.3 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Restrictive Covenant”
or “Limitation in Use of Space,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
The License Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that extends beyond
the expiration or termination of the License Agreement. This provision may not be
enforceable under South Dakota law.
3.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to attempt to enforce Section 7.3 of the License Agreement
listed above even though it may not be enforceable under South Dakota law.
4.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of the business
venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this Agreement is speculative and
depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an independent business entity and its
active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well as other factors.
5.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
6.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire Agreement;
Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and the
Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes the entire,
complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the subject matter of
this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements between them, with
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
SOUTH DAKOTA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

