wage and hour, youth employment, medical and family
leave,, military leave, paid sick leave or other paid time off,
gender-pay differences, workplace and worker safety, food
and beverage handling, preparation and safety,
occupational hazards and health, and consumer protection,
as well as all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations
regarding the privacy, security and handling of customer
and employee or other confidential personal data and
information;
(l)

6.5 Operations Manual. CFA shall provide electronically
and lend a copy of the Manual to Licensee for each Site during
the License Term for any Unit located at such Site, which copy
Licensee shall ensure is kept on the premises of the Sites in a
secure location. Licensee shall notify CFA immediately if the
Manual or access to the Manual is lost, compromised or
destroyed, and CFA shall send a replacement Manual or access
to Licensee. Licensee shall pay CFA a fee of five hundred
dollars ($500) for each replacement Manual. The Manual,
including all new, updated and superseded pages and content,
shall at all times remain the property of CFA. Licensee shall
return the Manual to CFA within three (3) business days of the
expiration or any termination of the License Term of all Units
located at the Site. CFA may amend and update the Manual as
it deems necessary or appropriate and send new pages or
completely revised manuals to Licensee, at no cost to Licensee.
Licensee agrees to insert immediately all new pages in their
proper places and to remove the superseded pages at the same
time and return the superseded pages and/or replaced manuals
to CFA within three (3) business days of the receipt by
Licensee of the new pages or revised manuals. The Manual is
intended to further the purposes of this Agreement and
Licensee shall operate the Units to be in full compliance with
all requirements in the Manual. In addition, any changes in the
Manual made by CFA during the License Term shall be
incorporated into the Manual automatically as of the date
updated provisions are deemed received by Licensee pursuant
to the notice provisions of Section 11.2. In the event of a
conflict between the Manual and this Agreement, this
Agreement shall prevail.

timely obtain, maintain, pay for and avoid revocation or
suspension of any and all licenses, permits, consents,
certificates and registrations necessary or appropriate for
Licensee to prepare or operate the Sites and the Units in
compliance with all laws, statutes, ordinances and
regulations and other provisions of this Agreement;

(m) not operate any Site or any Unit in a manner that presents
a health or safety hazard to its customers or creates an
environmental hazard;
(n)

refrain from performing any act which could be reasonably
likely to damage or cause harm to the reputation, goodwill
or credit of any Unit, the Proprietary Marks, the CFA
System, CFA or the Chick-fil-A Culture;

(o)

sell all Products in a manner which is not detrimental to
CFA’s reputation or the positioning of the Products in the
market;

(p)

have all employees working in Chick-fil-A Units wear
only the approved Chick-fil-A uniform attire, and shall not
permit any employee to wear the Chick-fil-A uniform attire
in any non-Chick-fil-A operation;

(q)

to the extent permitted by applicable law, comply with all
restrictions on maximum prices of Products as required by
CFA in writing from time to time during the License Term;
and

(r)

comply at all times with all applicable current and future
laws, standards, rules, regulations, or any equivalent
thereof relating to data privacy, personal data and data
protection, as well as the then most current Payment Card
Industry
Data
Security
Standard
(“PCI-DSS”)
requirements (as they may be modified from time to time
or as successor standards are adopted) and the Fair and
Accurate Credit Transactions Act, for safeguarding each
Unit’s customer data, and use best efforts at and otherwise
in connection with the operation of each Unit to maintain
data security and protect each Unit against identity theft
and theft or misuse of personal information and customer
data.

6.6 Consumer Awareness. Licensee shall at all times during
the term of this Agreement, at its own cost, use diligent efforts
to advance the reputation of CFA and the Products and to
enhance consumer awareness of the Products and the
Proprietary Marks. Licensee shall use only advertising and
promotional materials, programs and techniques that are
consistent with the Chick-fil-A Culture and that comply with
any CFA advertising guidelines that may be disseminated from
time to time.
6.7 Preparation and Modification of the Units. Licensee
shall purchase, lease, maintain and replace all equipment and
signage for the Units necessary in order to comply with CFA’s
then-current standards at Licensee’s own cost and directly
from an approved supplier in accordance with this Section 6.7.
Licensee shall be responsible for all installation and space
conversion and shall bear the cost of all required smallwares.
Licensee shall be responsible for supplying all necessary
working drawings and plans for construction, remodeling or
renovation of the Sites (the “Drawings”) required to prepare
the Units for operation, and shall submit such Drawings to
CFA prior to their use. Unless within twenty (20) business days
of receipt of the Drawings from Licensee (verified by post
office returned receipt or overnight delivery service
notification of delivery (signature required)) CFA notifies
Licensee of CFA’s disapproval of such Drawings, the
Drawings will be deemed to have been approved by CFA.
Licensee shall build, renovate or remodel the Sites, as the case
may be, only in accordance with such plans as they are
supplied, or approved, by CFA. To the extent any Unit has
been operated by Licensee prior to the date of this Agreement

6.4 Confidentiality Agreement. In order to give CFA
appropriate protection for its Confidential Information and
Trade Secrets, Licensee shall require its managers and
supervisors involved in the Units to sign a Confidentiality
Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit 1.

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

6

