ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND
In recognition of the requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, R.I. Gen. Law
ch. 395 Sections 19-28.1-1 – 19-28.1-34, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Prospective Licensees for
Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Rhode Island shall be amended to include the following:
1.
Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under
the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from time to
time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces, universities,
airports, hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select
and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your Chickfil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s prior approval.
Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within
the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at
the Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum standards for site approval.
2.
The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

3.
language:

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

The sentences in Items 17v. shall be supplemented by the addition of the following

§ 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision in
a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or
requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim
otherwise enforceable under this Act.”
4.
language:

The sentence in Items 17w. shall be supplemented by the addition of the following

§ 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision in
a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or
requiring the application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim
otherwise enforceable under this Act.”

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
RHODE ISLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

