and exclusive business judgment to be otherwise
unacceptable.
(c)

has been published with the appropriate notice of copyright
and is accordingly protected by the United States Copyright
Law 17 U.S.C. § 101 et seq. and any and all other applicable
copyright laws. Licensee shall not alter or modify the Manual
without the prior written consent of the copyright owner.

Licensee agrees to advise promptly and fully CFA of all
knowledge it has or acquires concerning any use of a trade
name, trademark, service mark or other mark that may
infringe upon any of the Proprietary Marks, but CFA or its
designee retains the exclusive right and authority to protect
or defend the Proprietary Marks; provided, however, that
CFA or its designee shall not be obligated to defend any or
all of the Proprietary Marks and may determine not to
defend any or all of them for any reason whatsoever; and
provided, further, that CFA does not warrant the validity of
any or all of the Proprietary Marks. Licensee does agree,
however, at the cost of CFA, to be a named party in any
demand, suit or action which CFA may determine to
institute in connection with such matters and otherwise to
cooperate as CFA reasonably requests in any defense or
other protection of the Proprietary Marks. Any and all
damages and costs recovered shall be for the sole account
of CFA.

7.6 Acknowledgment. Licensee acknowledges and agrees
that its covenants set forth in this Section 7 are reasonable as
to time, scope and territory given CFA’s need to protect its
Trade Secrets and Confidential Information, particularly given
the complexity and competitive nature of the food service
industry, and that, if Licensee’s relationship with CFA under
this Agreement ends, Licensee has sufficient resources to find
alternative, commensurate business in its respective fields of
expertise that would not violate Section 7. Licensee further
acknowledges and agrees that the covenants set forth in this
Section 7 and the rights and remedies conferred on CFA under
this Agreement are essential elements of this Agreement and
that without their inclusion, CFA would not have entered into
this Agreement.
SECTION 8--TERMINATION OF LICENSE

(d)

(e)

If it appears to CFA that protection of one or more of the
Proprietary Marks is no longer viable, either commercially
or legally, CFA has the right to relinquish such Proprietary
Mark and, at its election, to adopt another mark in the
relinquished mark’s place. In such event, Licensee agrees
to cooperate with CFA in changing all signage, literature,
supplies and the like to adapt the Units. Licensee shall not
use the mark CHICK-FIL-A or any words identical or
similar to any Proprietary Mark in its corporate or other
name.

8.1 Termination by Licensee.

Licensee specifically acknowledges and agrees that it has
no right to and shall not establish a Website (as defined
below), nor offer, promote or sell any products or services,
or make any use of the Proprietary Marks through the
Internet without CFA’s prior written approval. Licensee
acknowledges and agrees that CFA is under no obligation
to grant such consent to Licensee and, as a condition to
granting any such consent, CFA shall have the right to
establish such requirements as CFA deems appropriate,
including, but not limited to, the requirement that
Licensee’s only presence on the Internet involving, using
or otherwise in any association with the Proprietary Marks
shall be through a webpage established by CFA on CFA’s
webpage or Website. As used in this Agreement, the term
“Website” means an interactive electronic document,
contained in a network of computers linked by
communications software, including, without limitation,
the Internet and World Wide Web home pages. Any
webpage or Website proposed or established by Licensee
involving, using or otherwise in any association with the
Proprietary Marks shall otherwise be deemed to be a use of
the Proprietary Marks under this Agreement, and will be
subject to, among other things, CFA’s approval and thencurrent policies, procedures, standards and requirements
under this Section 7.4, including the subparts above.

Any one or more of the following shall be a “Licensee
Termination Event”: (i) CFA’s breach of any one or more
of its material covenants in this Agreement; or (ii) the
incorrectness or untruth of any one or more of CFA’s
material representations or warranties in this Agreement.

(b)

Upon the occurrence of a Licensee Termination Event
described in Section 8.1(a)(i), Licensee may serve CFA
with written notice specifying the nature of the CFA
breach, and upon the expiration of thirty (30) calendar
days, if CFA shall have failed to cure or correct the CFA
breach, then Licensee may terminate the License Term by
serving a written notice of termination upon CFA, with
such termination to be effective upon receipt by CFA. If
the CFA breach is of such a nature that it cannot be
completely cured or corrected within the thirty-day period,
and if CFA shall have diligently commenced and continued
curing or correcting the CFA breach within the thirty-day
period, then the thirty-day period shall be extended as long
as reasonably necessary for CFA, using its best commercial
efforts, to cure or correct completely the CFA breach.

(c)

Upon the occurrence of a Licensee Termination Event
described in Sections 8.1(a)(ii), Licensee may terminate
the License Term after providing at least ten (10) calendar
days’ written notice of termination to CFA with such
termination to be effective upon the tenth calendar day
following receipt by CFA.

8.2 Termination by CFA.
(a)

7.5 Copyrights. Licensee acknowledges that the Manual is an
original work of authorship owned by CFA Properties, which

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

(a)

11

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events
shall be a “CFA Termination Event”: (i) Licensee breaches
or otherwise fails to comply with any one or more of its
material duties or covenants in this Agreement (including,
without limitation, any one or more of its duties and

