* “Hours of Classroom Training” represents time spent in virtual classroom training via Zoom. “Hours of
“On the Job” Training” represents time spent practicing/imitating in-restaurant procedural tasks attending
leaders are assigned to complete and provide visual evidence of completion (i.e., image/video uploading to
our training platform) for review by the training team.
Licensee Training in all subjects is conducted approximately 8 times each year (2 per quarter). Chickfil-A intends, though is not obligated, to prepare and offer various seminars and conferences to Licensees from
time to time in addition to its initial training program. Discussions at these seminars will likely feature topics
such as sales techniques, brand standards, marketing programs, and other matters. All details concerning any
such programs, if offered, such as time, location, duration, cost assessment and other matters, will be determined
on a case-by-case basis. Chick-fil-A may under the terms of the License Agreement require the participation of
Licensees or their designated managers in such programs. Chick-fil-A considers all information distributed at
its training programs and seminars to be confidential and subject to the restrictions described under the
“Proprietary Information” subheading in Item 14 below.
In addition, Chick-fil-A may at its election, but is not obligated to, offer various programs to or permit
the adoption of programs by Licensees to use in promoting or marketing products or for other business purposes
that are not expressly set forth in the License Agreement. All details concerning any of these programs, such
as purpose, timing, implementation, cost sharing and other matters, will be determined by Chick-fil-A on a
case-by-case basis.
After initial virtual training, you must train any managerial personnel that you may hire to assist in
operating your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s). Subject to your obligations under the License Agreement
regarding confidentiality, you may use Chick-fil-A’s digital training resources and materials in the training.
Operating Manual: The Tables of Contents of Chick-fil-A’s proprietary orientation and operations
manuals, showing the number of pages in each section, are attached for your review as Exhibit “D” to this
Disclosure Document. The total number of pages in the orientation and operations manuals is 165.
Item 12
TERRITORY
You will be expressly granted the limited right to operate one Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit at one specific
Licensed Site location designated by Chick-fil-A. The rights granted to you under the License Agreement are
limited to your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit location only. You will neither acquire nor have any right to use, or
to license the use of, any name, mark or other intellectual property right, except as granted to you under the
License Agreement in connection with the operation of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit at the specific location
designated by Chick-fil-A.
You will not receive an exclusive or protected territory, express or implied. The License Agreement
contains no exclusive grant, exclusive area, exclusive territorial rights, protected territory or right for you to
exclude, disapprove, control or impose conditions on the location, development or operation of current or
future Chick-fil-A Restaurants including Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. The sales and customer trading patterns
that a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit experiences at any particular time are subject to change by reason of many
factors, including our ongoing development of Chick-fil-A Restaurants including Chick-fil-A Licensed Units,
and Licensees do not have a right and should not expect that these patterns will never change. Chick-fil-A has
the right to establish other Chick-fil-A Licensed Units or Operator-run or company-owned Chick-fil-A
Restaurants both within and outside the geographic and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your Chickfil-A Licensed Unit location, and reserves the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet,
catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing both within and outside the geographic and customer
trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit location. During the term of your License
31

