proprietary seasoned coater are received from the distributor(s) of the seasoned coater when the seasoned
coater is purchased by the distributor(s) from Chick-fil-A. The distributor(s) then sells the seasoned coater
to the Licensees. Your cost for the seasoned coater depends on a pricing formula that includes a markup by
Chick-fil-A that may change. Based upon the cost of ingredients to Chick-fil-A (including any freight
charges paid to the producer) your cost will fluctuate.
Our affiliate CFA Supply is a distributor approved to carry food products, ingredients, and supplies
for franchised, licensed, and company and affiliate owned Chick-fil-A Restaurants. CFA Supply may be
the only approved primary distributor serving the geographic area in which it operates. CFA Supply began
operations in July 2019. If your Licensed Unit is in a location CFA Supply services, your cost for the food
products, ingredients, and supplies depends on a pricing formula CFA Supply determines in the exercise of
its sole and exclusive business judgment that includes, among other factors, a distribution fee and an
allowance for fuel and freight costs from the CFA Supply warehouse to the Licensed Units and Chick-fil-A
Restaurants it will supply.
Our affiliate Bay Center produces Chick-fil-A branded lemon juice that is a proprietary principal
ingredient used to produce proprietary Chick-fil-A branded lemonade. Bay Center is an approved supplier
to supply lemon juice to Chick-fil-A Restaurants in geographic areas where it operates. Bay Center may be
the only approved supplier of lemon juice for the geographic area where it operates. Bay Center began
operations in 2020. The lemon juice is purchased by Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s) from Bay Center
and is shipped by Bay Center directly to Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s). The distributor(s) pays Bay
Center for the proprietary lemon juice when the lemon juice is purchased by the distributor(s). The
distributor(s) then sells the lemon juice to the Licensees. If your Licensed Unit is in a location Bay Center
supplies your cost for the lemon juice depends on a pricing formula Bay Center determines in the exercise
of its sole and exclusive business judgment that includes a markup by Bay Center that may change. Based
upon the cost of ingredients to Bay Center (including any freight charges) your cost will fluctuate.
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to require you to purchase the signage, fixtures, leasehold
improvements, equipment and other features of the building or premises of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit
from suppliers approved in advance by Chick-fil-A. With respect to your initial Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit,
Chick-fil-A may exercise its right by delivering written notice to you promptly upon the execution of the
License Agreement by Chick-fil-A. With respect to any additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units granted after
your initial Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, if any, Chick-fil-A may exercise its right by delivering written notice
to you promptly after approval of the additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) as indicated on the site
description form for such additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s). Chick-fil-A may appoint as many or as few
approved suppliers as it reasonably deems appropriate and such approved suppliers may in some instances
include or be limited to Chick-fil-A.
Except as Chick-fil-A may otherwise approve in writing in advance, you must purchase all of the
following items from suppliers who are approved in advance by Chick-fil-A: all present and future items of
food and drink, all items of non-food inventory intended for sale to or use by your customers, all ingredients,
food products, produce, mixes, spices, cooking aides, wrappings, food and beverage containers, certain other
designated items necessary for maintaining and cleaning your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, certain
proprietary marketing and promotional materials and other items bearing our trademarks, and all other items
necessary or optional for preparing products sold in your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit and all bags, boxes,
wrappers, cups, coffee lids, napkins, cartons, utensils, customer goodwill items and other food and beverage
containers and customer convenience items that display one or more of Chick-fil-A’s proprietary marks or that
are sold or used in at least 25% of the then existing Chick-fil-A Restaurants and other facilities selling any or
all of Chick-fil-A’s then-approved products even if such items do not display any of Chick-fil-A’s proprietary
marks. Chick-fil-A may appoint as many or as few approved suppliers as it reasonably deems appropriate and
such approved suppliers may in some instances include or be limited to Chick-fil-A. You may not buy from
any supplier that we have not yet approved in writing, and you must stop buying from
21

