ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF WISCONSIN
In recognition of the requirements of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat. §§ 135.01
through 135.07, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the State of Wisconsin
shall be amended as follows:
1.
Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,”
under the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A
Licensees from time to time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations
such as schools, workplaces, universities, airports, hospitals and other similar
locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select and must select the
Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your Chickfil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s
prior approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean
that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets Chickfil-A’s then current minimum standards for site approval.
2.
Item 17 for the License Agreement, item b, under the subheading entitled
“Renewal or extension of term” shall be replaced in its entirety by the following language:
The License Agreement is not renewable upon its expiration. To the extent
that the License Agreement contains a provision regarding renewal that is
inconsistent with the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat. §§
135.01 through 135.07, the provision may not be enforceable under the
Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law.
3.
Item 17 for the License Agreement, item c, under the subheading entitled
“Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” shall be replaced in its entirety by the following
language:
The License Agreement is not renewable upon its expiration. To the extent
that the License Agreement contains a provision regarding renewal that is
inconsistent with the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat.
§§ 135.01 through 135.07, the provision may not be enforceable under the
Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law.
4.
Item 17 for the License Agreement, item i, under the subheading entitled
“Franchisee obligations on termination/nonrenewal,” shall be supplemented with the addition of the
following language at the conclusion of the item:
Upon termination of the License Agreement by Chick-fil-A, at your
option, Chick-fil-A must repurchase, at fair wholesale market value, all
inventory bearing Chick-fil-A’s trademark sold by Chick-fil-A to you for
resale under the License Agreement.
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
WISCONSIN ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

