ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA
In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01 through
80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of
Commerce, Minn. Rules §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930 (collectively, the “Minnesota Franchise Act”),
the Franchise Disclosure Document For Prospective Licensees of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of
Minnesota shall be amended to include the following:
1.
Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under
the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from time to
time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces, universities,
airports, hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select
and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your Chickfil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s prior approval.
Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within
the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at
the Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum standards for site approval.
2.
The fifth paragraph under Item 13 shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following
language shall be added in lieu thereof:
CFA Properties and Chick-fil-A have the sole and exclusive right to protect any or all
of the trademarks listed above at their own expense. You must notify Chick-fil-A immediately
when you learn about possible infringement of CFA Properties’ trademarks. The License
Agreement does not require CFA Properties or Chick-fil-A to take affirmative action when
notified of these possible infringements. You must cooperate with CFA Properties and us in
defending CFA Properties’ trademarks. We will defend you against third-party claims, suits or
demands arising out of your use of the trademarks. If we, in our sole business judgment,
determine that you used the trademarks in accordance with the License Agreement, then we
will bear the cost of your defense, including the cost of any judgment or settlement. If we, in
our sole business judgment, determine that you have not used the trademarks in accordance
with the License Agreement, then you must bear the cost of your defense, including the
cost of any judgment or settlement. Upon any termination of your License Agreement, you
must immediately cease all use of the trademarks.
3.
Item 17 for the License Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the following
language at the conclusion of the provisions entitled “Renewal or extension of the term,” “Termination by
franchisor with cause,” and “Transfer by franchisee – definition:”
The Minnesota Franchise Act provides licensees with certain termination, non-renewal, and
transfer rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. § 80C.14 (subd. 3, 4, and 5) currently requires, except in
certain specified cases, that a licensee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days
to cure) and 180 days’ notice of nonrenewal of the License Agreement, and that consent to the
transfer of the license not be unreasonably denied. If the License Agreement and/or
Franchise Disclosure Document contain(s) a provision that is inconsistent with the
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

