domestic Licensed Units located at hospitals, businesses, industries or airports that were open at least one
year as of December 31, 2024 was $3,152,764, and the average annual sales volume was $3,451,788 with
45 of the 97 or 46% that did as well or better than $3,451,788 in annual sales. The highest and lowest annual
sales volume for these hospital, business, industry and airport Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit locations open for
at least one full calendar year in 2024 was $11,573,107 and $150,498, respectively. Approximately 11% of
these locations had annual sales volumes less than $1,000,000; approximately 33% had annual sales
volumes between $1,000,000 and $2,000,000; approximately 30% had annual sales volumes between
$2,000,000 and $4,000,000; and approximately 26% had annual sales volumes in excess of $4,000,000.
During the calendar year ending December 31, 2024, 2 domestic Licensed Units located on
college or university campuses permanently closed, of which 0 had been open for less than 12 months,
and 3 domestic Licensed Units located at a hospital, business, industry or airport permanently closed, of
which 0 had been open for less than 12 months.
For purposes of the financial performance representations set forth above, the term “annual sales
volume” includes a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit’s entire gross receipts (excluding only sales taxes levied
upon retail sales and payable over to the appropriate governmental authority) from all sales at, from or
related to the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit during the applicable calendar year, whether for cash or on a charge,
credit or time basis, including sales and services (i) where orders originate and/or are accepted at or in the
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, or (ii) pursuant to telephone or other similar orders received or filled at or in the
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit.
The financial performance representations set forth above are based upon a total of 409 domestic
Chick-fil-A Licensed Units that were open for at least one year as of December 31, 2024, of which 312
were located on college or university campuses and 97 were located at hospitals, businesses, industries or
airports. Both domestic Chick-fil-A Licensed Units located on college or university campuses and domestic
Chick-fil-A Licensed Units located at hospitals, businesses, industries or airports are similar with respect
to their operations and receive similar services from Chick-fil-A. Because domestic Chick-fil-A Licensed
Units located on college or university campuses and domestic Chick-fil-A Licensed Units located at
hospitals, businesses, industries or airports achieve generally different levels of financial performance,
financial performance representations have been included for each type of unit in order to provide
information relevant to prospective Licensees.

Some Chick-fil-A Licensed Units have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ.
There is no assurance that you’ll sell as much.
You are urged to consult with appropriate financial, business and legal advisors in connection
with the information set forth in this analysis.
A new Licensee’s individual financial results may differ from the results stated in the Financial
Performance Representations for the reasons stated below.
The Financial Performance Representations do not reflect the costs of sales or operating expenses
that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures to obtain your net income or profit.
The best source of cost and expense data may be from Licensees and former Licensees, some of whom
may be listed in Item 20.
Individual Licensees are likely to experience annual sales volume variations. A Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit’s physical location within any particular geographic area, a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit’s physical
location among different geographic areas of the country, the operational skill and the management methods
employed by a Licensee, and menu price variations may significantly affect the sales realized in any given
48

