Hardware and Software System: Chick-fil-A does not supply, purchase, recommend or require
specific computer equipment for Licensees at this time, but reserves the right to do so in the future as set
forth in the License Agreement. You must choose to obtain and use a point-of-sale (POS) hardware and
software system and a management PC for use in your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. Under the License
Agreement, we reserve the right to specify and, if we do, you must purchase and use the computers, POS
equipment and systems including broadband internet access, credit card, debit card and gift card processing
systems, systems which take, process, route and deliver orders or receive payment, and technology for
communicating with customers and to collect, process and store customer data at your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit that we specify. Chick-fil-A may provide certain on-line updates, reports and other information to its
Licensees from time to time. You will also need to have access to a computer and the Internet in order to
obtain this information. For informational purposes only, Chick-fil-A Restaurants typically use a POS
system with accompanying software, which perform standard electronic cash register support, kitchen
display systems, time clock, and financial and reporting functions. Other hardware and software systems
that perform the same or substantially similar functions may be purchased by a Licensee. You may choose
to pay a fee to third parties you choose for technical support of the hardware and software system used in
your Licensed Unit. With respect to franchised Chick- fil-A Restaurants, such fees range from $9,500 per
year to $20,000 per year for high-speed Internet access, equipment support and software upgrades, and are
dependent upon the type of system used in the Restaurant.
At present, Chick-fil-A does not plan to have independent access to any data compiled by the
hardware and software system used in your Licensed Unit. Under the License Agreement, we may require
your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit in the future to transmit POS data and other restaurant system data to us
through data reporting systems offered through vendors approved by us. These data reporting systems
would collect data from a POS system and other restaurant systems, consolidate the data, and transmit it to
us in formats required by us. You may be required to sign an authorization form allowing your data reporting
system vendor to release the data to us and to incur costs for the data reporting systems (including set-up
and annual fees).
Length of Time to Licensed Unit Opening: You must open your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s)
within 360 days of the approval of the site by Chick-fil-A. It is Chick-fil-A’s experience that the typical
length of time between the signing of a License Agreement and the opening of the Licensee’s Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit is approximately three to nine months. The actual length of this period will depend upon
such factors as the length of time necessary for completion of construction, making leasehold improvements
and remodeling, installing equipment, fixtures and furnishings, procuring initial inventories and other
similar matters, and may vary widely under some circumstances.
Initial Training Program: Chick-fil-A’s initial training program for Licensees is comprised of
two components, an in-person cultural experience (the “In-Person Cultural Experience”) and a virtual
training experience (“Virtual Licensee Training”).
The In-Person Cultural Experience is comprised of two days of in-person learning at the Chick-filA Support Center: Buffington in Atlanta, GA. Attending leaders tour the Chick-fil-A campus, engage in
classroom activities and discussions, and learn about Chick-fil-A history, culture, values, and our customer
strategies. Chick-fil-A’s initial training program for Licensees has various attendance and satisfactory
completion requirements. Chick-fil-A, based on its business judgement, may require (i) the highest-level
on-site management leader associated with the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit (e.g., a Food Service Directorlevel leader) (the “Highest-Level Leader”), (ii) the on-site management leader responsible for the Chickfil-A Licensed Unit and multiple other concepts (e.g., a Retail Manager-level leader) (the “Multi-Concept
Leader”), (iii) the dedicated on-site management leader responsible for the operation of the Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit (e.g., the “Retail Manager”) (the “Dedicated Chick-fil-A Leader”), and (iv) one additional
on-site management leader responsible for the operation of the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit (e.g., the “Food
Service Director”) (the “Additional Chick-fil-A Leader”) to attend and complete to Chick-fil-A’s
satisfaction the In-Person Cultural Experience.
28

