ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF INDIANA
In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, Indiana Code §§ 232-2.5-1 to 23-2-2.5-51, and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 to
23-2-2.7-7, the Franchise Disclosure Document of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the State of Indiana shall be
amended as follows:
1.

Item 3, “Litigation,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
Neither Chick-fil-A, nor any person identified in Item 2 above has any
administrative, criminal or material civil action pending against them alleging a
violation of a franchise antitrust or securities law, unfair or deceptive practices, or
comparable allegations.
Neither Chick-fil-A, nor any person identified in Item 2 above, is subject to any
currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to the franchise
or under a federal, state or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation
or trade practice law resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding
brought by a public agency.

2.

Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,”
under the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last
sentence of the second paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall
read as follows:

Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from time to time who have
access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces, universities, airports, hospitals and other similar
locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to
Chick-fil-A’s prior approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the
Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum standards for site approval.
3.

Item 12, “Territory,” shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language:
Chick-fil-A will not compete unfairly with you within a reasonable area of the
Licensed Unit.

4.
Item 17 for the License Agreement, items b and c, under the subheadings entitled “Renewal
or extension of term” and “Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” shall be supplemented by the
addition of the following language:
The License Agreement is not renewable upon its expiration. To the extent that the
License Agreement contains a provision regarding renewal that is inconsistent with
the Act, the provision may not be enforceable under the Indiana Deceptive
Franchise Practices Act.
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
INDIANA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

