ADDENDUM TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF VIRGINIA

In recognition of the requirements of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, §§13.1-557 et seq. of the
Code of Virginia, and Rule 21VAC5-110-10 et seq., the Franchise Disclosure Document For Prospective
Licensees of Chick-fil-A, Inc. for use in the state of Virginia shall be amended to include the following:
1.
Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under
the heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from time
to time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces,
universities, airports, hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole
responsibility to select and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and
the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to
Chick-fil-A’s prior approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chickfil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective
Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum
standards for site approval.

2.
The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

3.
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is supplemented by adding the following
at the end of the Item:
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or
termination stated in the franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as
that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia,
that provision may not be enforceable.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
VIRGINIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

