(ii)

in its sole business judgment, may make available to you, from time to time, such
additional advice and assistance as you may reasonably request or Chick-fil-A may
deem necessary, including assistance or advice regarding the operation of the Chickfil-A Licensed Unit(s), additional training and sales building (Section 5.2); and

(iii)

at an additional charge, sponsor initial training programs for additional
management-level employees (Section 5.1).

If you are granted the right to operate additional Licensed Sites under your License Agreement, for
each additional Licensed Site, Chick-fil-A will provide the same assistance as described above.
Advertising: Chick-fil-A is not required to spend any certain amount on advertising in your
geographic area or at your Licensed Site(s). Under the License Agreement, Chick-fil-A does not charge you
advertising fees or require you to contribute to advertising fees to a local or regional fund. Under the License
Agreement, you are required at all times during the term of the License Agreement and at your own cost to
use diligent efforts to advance the reputation of Chick-fil-A, and Chick-fil-A’s brand products and to develop
and enhance consumer awareness of Chick-fil-A’s products and proprietary marks. In doing so, you must use
only those materials approved or supplied by Chick-fil-A.
Chick-fil-A does not require any expenditures of monies by its Licensees to an advertising cooperative
or any advertising fund. As part of Chick-fil-A’s local, regional or national marketing efforts, Licensees are
required to honor coupons for food items (and some drink items in some locations) at their respective Licensed
Units, for which the Licensees may receive food, paper and distribution cost reimbursement from Chick-fil-A.
Chick-fil-A’s advertising accounts, if any, are not trust funds and Chick-fil- A is not your fiduciary with respect
to any advertising funds. Chick-fil-A is not required to ensure that any Operator or Licensee benefits directly
or pro rata from the expenditure of any advertising funds.
Chick-fil-A may, to the extent it is able, assist you in any of the above matters on an informal basis.
Selection of Location: Upon execution of a License Agreement, a prospective Licensee is granted the
right to operate a Licensed Unit at a specific Licensed Site location. Your Licensed Site location must be
approved by Chick-fil-A prior to you opening your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. Additionally, Licensees may be
granted the right to operate additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units under the License Agreement at additional
Licensed Site locations selected by you and approved by us for which Chick-fil-A does not require that you
sign a new, separate then-current form of License Agreement and pay an initial license fee. However, Chickfil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate or to approve any additional Chick-fil-A
Licensed Units and expressly reserves the right not to offer you the opportunity to operate or to approve any
additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. For further information on Chick-fil-A’s grant of additional Licensed
Site locations, see Item 12 below.
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from time to
time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces, universities, airports,
hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility to select and must select the
Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s)
within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s prior approval. Chick-fil-A’s approval of a
Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site is not
a representation that the Licensed Unit(s) operated at the Licensed Site will be profitable or safe for your
customers or employees or other personnel of yours or of any Third Party.

27

