Provision

Section in
franchise or
other agreement

Summary

o. Franchisor’s option to
purchase franchisee’s
business

Not applicable Not applicable.

p. Death or disability of
franchisee

Not applicable Not applicable.

q. Non-competition
covenants during the
term of the franchise

7

You may not anywhere within the Licensed Site where the
Licensed Unit is located, directly or indirectly, sell any other
nationally or regionally branded chicken products or any
products that are the same as or substantially similar in nature
and in presentation to the products offered by you at the
Licensed Unit as part of the Chick-fil-A system. Additionally,
you may not disclose any of Chick-fil-A’s trade secrets and
confidential information.

r. Non-competition
covenants after the
franchise is terminated
or expires

7

Following any expiration or termination of your License
Agreement, you may not for a period of 12 months at the
former Licensed Site, directly or indirectly, alone or in
conjunction with any other person (including, where applicable,
a Third Party Operator) sell any other nationally or
regionally branded chicken products or any products that are
the same as or substantially similar in nature and in presentation
to the products offered previously by you at the Licensed Unit
as part of the Chick-fil-A system.

s. Modification of the
agreement

11

The License Agreement may only be modified by the execution
of a written agreement between both parties. The orientation
and operations manuals and materials are subject to change at
any time.

t. Integration/merger
clause*

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to state law, see Exhibit “G”). Any promises or statements not in
the License Agreement or in this Disclosure Document should
not be relied upon. You may rely on our representations in this
Disclosure Document, including its exhibits and any
amendments or supplements.

u. Dispute resolution by
Not applicable Not applicable.
arbitration or mediation
v. Choice of forum*

10

Litigation must be in the Atlanta, Georgia area (subject to state
law, see Exhibit “G”).

w. Choice of law*

10

Georgia law applies (subject to state law, see Exhibit “G”).

A provision in the License Agreement that terminates the License Agreement upon your bankruptcy
may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code Section 101 et seq.
46

