If the license being offered relates to a Chick-fil-A Restaurant that is a company or affiliate-owned
Chick-fil-A Restaurant that was previously a franchised Operator owned outlet or Licensed Unit, Chickfil-A will provide you with a Supplemental Item 20 Disclosure regarding the Chick-fil-A Restaurant’s past
five years of operation. The Supplemental Item 20 Disclosure will list the name, city and state, and current
business phone number of each previous owner of the Chick-fil-A Restaurant during the prior five-year
period, the beginning and ending date of each person’s respective ownership of the Chick-fil-A Restaurant,
the reason for each change in ownership, and when Chick-fil-A retained control of the Chick-fil-A
Restaurant.
During the last three years, we have not signed any confidentiality clauses with any current or
former Licensees which would restrict them from speaking openly with you about their experiences with
us. However, in some instances during the last three fiscal years, former Chick-fil-A Restaurant Operators
have signed provisions restricting their ability to speak openly about their experiences with us. You may
want to speak with current and former Licensees and Operators, but be aware that not all Operators will be
able to communicate with you.
Item 21
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Exhibit “C” to this Disclosure Document includes (i) the audited consolidated financial
statements of Chick-fil-A, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings, of
stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years (2024, 2023, and 2022) in the period
ended December 31, 2024.

Item 22
53T

53T

CONTRACTS
The following agreements are attached as exhibits to this Disclosure Document:
Exhibit “B-1”
Exhibit “B-2”
Exhibit “D”
Exhibit “G”

License Agreement for Licensees who are Self-Operators
License Agreement for Licensees who are Food Service Providers
Table of Contents of Chick-fil-A Manuals
State Specific Addenda and Agreement Amendments

Chick-fil-A does not lease or otherwise provide the Licensed Sites for the various Chick-fil-A Licensed
Units. As a result, the leases, if any, for the various Chick-fil-A Licensed Units vary substantially from
Licensed Site to Licensed Site because of the different requirements of landlords and property owners.
Accordingly, there is no model lease form that can be said to be a typical lease by which a Licensee will be
bound. In every instance, the Licensee will be bound by the terms and conditions of the instruments that
affect the subject site.

69

