AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, N.D. Cent. Code,
§§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the policies of the office of the State of North Dakota Securities
Commission, the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement, dated as of
(the
“License Agreement”), do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of
any Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location
of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean
that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then
current minimum standards for site approval. Licensee may not move the location of any
Unit, from the Site with which it was originally associated, without CFA’s prior written
consent.
2.
Section 10.5 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Choice of Law,” shall
be deleted in its entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof:
This agreement is made pursuant to and shall be interpreted under the laws and
decisions of the State of Georgia as they now exist and hereafter may be amended
or changed from time to time. Notwithstanding the above, this Section shall be
void with respect to any cause of action arising under the North Dakota Franchise
Investment Law.
3.
Section 10.6 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Litigation,” shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof:
10.6 Litigation. If either Party files suit to collect sums due under this Agreement,
then the first Party, in addition to its other rights and remedies hereunder, shall be
entitled to recover all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such
collection, including without limitation attorneys’ fees and advisors’ fees, court
costs and other expenses of litigation, if the suing Party prevails in such suit.
4.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of the
business venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this Agreement is
speculative and depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an independent
business entity and its active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well as other factors.
5.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:
10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire,
or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NORTH DAKOTA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

