3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of any Sites
and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-filA Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed
Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current minimum standards for site
approval. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from the Site with which it was
originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
8.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of the business
venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this Agreement is speculative and
depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an independent business entity and its
active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well as other factors.
9.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
10.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire Agreement;
Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and the
Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes the entire,
complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the subject matter of
this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements between them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other
representations have induced Licensee to sign this Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA's
representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee,
including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee's entry
into this Agreement (the “FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to rely on any representations,
promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the
FDD because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of CFA is
authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this Agreement
or the FDD. Further, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing signed
by Licensee and a duly authorized officer of CFA, subject to CFA’s rights in Sections 6.2 and 6.5,
and no change, termination, or attempted waiver or cancellation of any provision of this
Agreement shall bind CFA unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of CFA.
11.
The parties acknowledge and agree that each provision of this Amendment to the License
Agreement shall be effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional (and any other then-current

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
CALIFORNIA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

