the force and effect of an original Termination Event or violation.
The receipt or acceptance by either Party of any fees or other
payments with knowledge of a Termination Event or violation of this
Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any such relief with
respect to such Termination Event or violation. No provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived by either Party
unless such waiver be in writing signed by the Party. No payment by
either Party or receipt or acceptance by the other Party of a lesser
amount than the amount required to be paid shall be deemed to be
other than on account of the correct payment.

11.6 Personal Pronouns; Plurals. Each personal pronoun used
herein, whether masculine, feminine or neuter, shall include the other
gender or genders as the context requires or permits. Each plural or
singular verb shall include the other number as the context requires
or permits.
11.7 Continued Effectiveness of This Agreement. Except for
provisions relating only to the License granted to Licensee under
Section 2, this Agreement shall remain effective until neither Party
has any further obligation to the other Party under this Agreement.
The Parties acknowledge that a number of their obligations (for
example, Licensee’s obligations under Sections 7, 8 and 10) extend
beyond the expiration or termination of the License Term.

11.2 Procedure for Notice. Any notice permitted or required to be
delivered by the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed so
delivered (and thus also be deemed to have been received by the
addressee thereof) on the day of hand delivery, one (1) business day
after being sent by facsimile with electronic verification of receipt
being received by the sending Party (with an identical copy of any
telefaxed materials being sent as well by first class mail) or overnight
delivery service (with notification of delivery) or three (3) business
days after being placed in the United States mail for delivery within
the United States by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid,
returned receipt requested addressed to the recipient at the address set
forth on the signature page to this Agreement, unless that Party shall
have given written notice of change of address to the sending Party.

11.8 Conflicts. This Agreement shall control in the event of any
conflict between this Agreement and any other agreements Licensee
may make with respect to the Units.
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together
with the Addenda and the Exhibits and other attachments hereto and
any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes the entire, complete and
integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all previous
negotiations and agreements between them, with respect to the
subject matter hereof. No other representations have induced
Licensee to sign this Agreement except that Licensee may rely on
CFA's representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure
Document that CFA delivered to Licensee, including its exhibits and
any amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee's entry
into this Agreement (the “FDD”). No representations, promises or
agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this
Agreement or in the FDD were made by either Party and none shall
have any force or effect with reference to this Agreement. No officer,
employee, or other servant or agent of CFA is authorized to make any
representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this
Agreement or the FDD. Further, this Agreement may not be
modified or amended except in writing signed by Licensee and a duly
authorized officer of CFA, subject to CFA’s rights in Sections 6.2
and 6.5, and no change, termination, or attempted waiver or
cancellation of any provision of this Agreement shall bind CFA
unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of CFA.

11.3 Severability; Binding Upon Assigns; Further Assurances. If
any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall for any reason be
declared invalid or ineffectual by any court or agency of competent
jurisdiction, the other provisions hereof shall nonetheless remain
valid and shall continue in full force and effect. If it shall be
impossible to continue such other provisions of this Agreement in
full force and effect after the excision of the provision or provisions
so declared invalid or ineffectual, then CFA and Licensee each
undertake and agree that they will, upon demand of CFA, make,
execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all instruments which
CFA deems necessary or appropriate to accomplish lawfully such
continuance. It is the intention of the Parties that this provision may
be enforced in equity in addition to and not to the exclusion of any
other remedies which may be available to the Parties to this
Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and its benefits
shall inure to, Licensee and its successors and assigns (subject to the
provisions of Section 9) and to CFA and its successors and assigns.
From time to time during the License Term, Licensee, upon receipt
of the written request of CFA, agrees to execute such other
documents or instruments as CFA may reasonably deem necessary
or appropriate to carry out and complete the terms hereof.

11.10
U.S. Executive Order Representation.
Licensee
represents and warrants that it has not been designated as a suspected
terrorist under U.S. Executive Order 13224.
11.11
Miscellaneous.
Words of inclusion used in this
Agreement (such as “including”) shall not be deemed to be words of
limitation, such that any items or things listed as “included” in
another class of items or things shall not be construed as excluding
other items or things not expressly mentioned. Both Parties
acknowledge and agree that they have actively participated in the
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Licensee agrees to
promptly execute amendments to any Addenda, from time to time
during the License Term, to reflect changes in the information set
forth on the Addenda as of the Effective Date.

11.4 Headings, Addenda, Exhibits. The captions and headings of
the Sections or other subsections of this Agreement are inserted for
convenience and reference only and shall have no effect on the
meaning of the Agreement. References to Sections, Addenda and
Exhibits refer to sections, addenda and exhibits of this Agreement.
All Addenda and Exhibits and other attachments to this Agreement
are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
11.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered
shall be deemed an original, with such counterparts together
constituting one and the same instrument.

License Agreement – Self Op

15

