shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

4.

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:
No release language in the License Agreement will relieve us or any other person, directly or
indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising in the State of Hawaii.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

5.

Item 20 is supplemented by adding the following at the end:
A.
The following list reflects the status of our franchise registrations in states which have
franchise registration and/or disclosure laws:This proposed registration is on file or will shortly be
on file and effective in the following states: Michigan, Minnesota, South Dakota, Washington and
Wisconsin.

B.
The registration is exempt from the registration requirements of the following states:
California, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, and Virginia.

C.

States which have refused, by order or otherwise, to register these franchises: None

D.

States which have revoked or suspended the right to offer the franchises: None.

E.

States in which the proposed registration of these franchises has been withdrawn: None

6.
Each provision of this Hawaii Addendum to the Disclosure Document will be effective only to the
extent that, with respect to the provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the Franchise Investment Law of
Hawaii is met independently without reference to this Hawaii Addendum.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
HAWAII ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

