AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF VIRGINIA
In recognition of the requirements of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, §§13.1-557 et seq. of the
Code of Virginia, and Rule 21VAC5-110-10 et seq., the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. License
Agreement (the “License Agreement”), dated as of
,
do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of any Sites
and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-filA Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed
Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then current minimum standards for site
approval. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit, from the Site with which it was
originally associated, without CFA’s prior written consent.
2.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of the business
venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this Agreement is speculative and
depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an independent business entity and its
active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well as other factors.
3.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement. No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
4.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire Agreement;
Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and the
Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes the entire,
complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the subject matter of
this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements between them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to the requirements of applicable state law, no other
representations have induced Licensee to sign this Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA's
representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee,
including its exhibits and any amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee's entry
into this Agreement (the “FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to rely on any representations,
promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
VIRGINIA AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT

