AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA
In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act, Minn. Stat. §§ 80C.01 through
80C.22, and of the Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder by the Minnesota Commissioner of
Commerce, Minn Rules. §§ 2860.0100 through 2860.9930 (collectively, the “Minnesota Franchise Act”),
the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement, dated as of
(the “License
Agreement”), do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Sections 2, 8 and 9 of the License Agreement, under the headings entitled “License Term,”
“Termination by CFA,” and “Limitations on Transfer by Licensee” shall be supplemented by the addition
of the following:
The Minnesota Franchise Act provides licensees with certain termination, renewal and
transfer rights. In sum, Minn. Stat. § 80C.14 (subd. 3, 4, and 5) currently requires, except
in certain specified cases, that a licensee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60
days to cure) and 180 days’ notice of intent not to renew the License Agreement, and that
consent to the transfer of the license not be unreasonably withheld. If the License
Agreement contain(s) a provision that is inconsistent with the Minnesota Franchise Act,
the provisions of the License Agreement will be superseded by the Minnesota Franchise
Act’s requirements and shall have no force or effect.
2.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of
any Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location
of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean
that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then
current minimum standards for site approval. Licensee may not move the location of any
Unit, from the Site with which it was originally associated, without CFA’s prior written
consent.
3.
Section 7.4I of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Use of Proprietary
Marks,” shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following language shall be added in lieu thereof:
I Licensee agrees to promptly and fully advise CFA of all knowledge it has or
acquires concerning any use of a trade name, trademark, service mark or other mark that
may infringe upon any of the Proprietary Marks, but CFA and CFA Properties retain the
exclusive right and authority to protect or defend the Proprietary Marks. CFA does not
warrant the validity of any or all of the Proprietary Marks. Licensee does agree, however,
at the cost of CFA, to be a named party in any demand, suit or action which CFA may
determine to institute in connection with such matters and otherwise to cooperate as CFA
reasonably requests in any defense or other protection of the Proprietary Marks. Any and
all damages and costs recovered shall be for the sole account of CFA. CFA agrees to defend
Licensee against any third-party claim, suit, or demand arising out of Licensee’s use of the
Proprietary Marks. If CFA, in its sole business judgment, determines that Licensee has
used the Proprietary Marks in accordance with this Agreement, the cost of such defense,
including the cost of any judgment or settlement, shall be borne by CFA. If CFA, in its
sole business judgment, determines that Licensee has not used the Proprietary Marks in
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
MINNESOTA AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

