for the shipping costs from our warehouse to their Licensed Units. Chick-fil-A may change the warehouse
program, and any associated costs and charges to Licensees, in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business
judgment. You also may or may not receive from us a rebate on your purchase of some beverage products (and
possibly other products in the future).
We and our affiliates are currently the only approved suppliers of certain products and services and
approved suppliers of other products and services, as described above, to both Licensees and Operators.
These products and services include proprietary seasoning, proprietary seasoned coater, distribution
services, and certain proprietary equipment and other items. We and our affiliates are also currently the
only approved suppliers of certain products and services and approved suppliers of other products and
services for our Operators, which include premises leases, sublicenses of non-traditional unit concession
premises, subleases of food trucks, leases of marketing assets, equipment, furniture and fixtures, business
services, small wares, utensils, operating supplies, promotional goods, advertising support and services, and
certain insurance coverages for which premiums are paid to Chick-fil-A or through Chick-fil-A acting as
administrator (which do not include worker’s compensation insurance, general liability insurance, auto
liability, and employment practices). We may change our approved suppliers and sole approved supplier
designations at any time in the exercise of our sole and exclusive business judgment. We and our affiliates may
in the future be an approved supplier or designated sole supplier for any additional or different products or
services you may or must purchase. As an approved supplier or designated sole supplier, we and our
affiliates may obtain revenue from you and make a profit.
In the year ended December 31, 2024, our total consolidated revenues from (i) Operator and
Licensee purchases of the proprietary seasoning, seasoned coater, business services and operating supplies,
utensils, and promotional goods, and (ii) Operator leases of the premises, sublicenses of Captive Venue unit
concession premises, subleases of food trucks, leases of marketing assets, equipment, furniture, and fixtures
was $1,778,691,073 or 19.63% of our total consolidated revenues of $9,062,620,436. We did not offer
advertising and support services to Operators for a fee in 2024 and did not have any revenue for providing
those services in 2024. In 2024, our affiliate CFA Supply, an approved distributor to carry food products,
ingredients, and supplies to Chick-fil-A Restaurants, received $1,996,943,030 from purchases made by
Operators and Licensees in geographic areas it serviced which is included in our consolidated revenues. In
2024, our affiliate Bay Center received $186,616,788 (not including any markup added by the distributor(s)
at the time of resale) from purchases made by Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s) for distribution of
lemon juice to Operators and Licensees in geographic areas it serviced which is included in our consolidated
revenues.
We estimate that your total purchases and leases from approved or designated suppliers will
represent approximately 50% to 80% of your overall purchases and leases in operating your Licensed Unit
and 30% to 67% of your overall purchases and leases in establishing your Licensed Unit. The national
advertising fund we administer also receives contributions from certain designated suppliers of up to
approximately 33% of Operator purchases from these suppliers. Chick-fil-A may receive forms of
compensation directly or indirectly from approved or designated suppliers, which compensation may be in
lieu of or in addition to the seasoning, coater and national advertising fund contributions and the incentives
described above.
Specifications and Standards: The foundation of each Chick-fil-A Restaurant including each
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit and the essence of your License Agreement is your adherence to Chick-fi-A’s
minimum standards, guidelines and specifications. Every component of Chick-fil-A Restaurant’s operating
system is important to Chick-fil-A and to the operation of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit as a Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit. Accordingly, you must operate your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit in full compliance with Chickfil-A’s minimum standards and guidelines for service, food safety, sanitation, quality of products, employee
dress, appearance and conduct and other aspects of the operation of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. These
minimum standards and guidelines are specified in Chick-fil-A’s orientation and operations manuals
23

