Chick-fil-A, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
including our credit-adjusted interest rate, the lease term, and the effect of adjusting the rate to
reflect consideration of collateral. Our credit adjusted borrowing rate takes into consideration
interest rates we pay on our unsecured long-term notes as well as other relevant market factors.
The right-of-use asset balance is measured at the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for
lease payments made at or before lease commencement, initial direct costs and any tenant
improvement allowances received. For operating leases, we recognize expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term within Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statements of comprehensive earnings. The recorded right-of-use asset is reduced over the lease
term by the recognized straight-line lease expense less the amount of accretion of the lease liability
determined using the effective interest method. For finance leases, right-of-use assets are
amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life of the leased asset or the lease
term, with amortization expense recorded within Depreciation and amortization on the consolidated
statements of comprehensive earnings. Interest expense on each finance lease liability is
recognized utilizing the effective interest method and is recorded within Interest on the
accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings.
For several of our real estate leases, the Company is involved in the development and construction
of our leased assets. For such leases, we do not control the construction period asset in
accordance with ASC 842 and are therefore required to determine whether our construction period
costs represent costs to use the lessor’s asset or represent costs related to the Company’s own
assets. Construction costs associated with the right to use the lessor’s asset are recorded initially
to prepaid rent during the construction period and are subsequently measured as part of the rightof-use lease asset upon lease commencement. Construction costs associated with the Company’s
own assets are recorded initially as construction in progress and are subsequently recorded as
leasehold improvements upon lease commencement.
Lessor Accounting
As described in the Revenue and Income section above, the Company serves as a
lessor/sublessor primarily to our restaurant franchisees for the lease of restaurant real estate and
restaurant equipment. Our United States franchisee lease agreements are month-to-month and
are therefore treated as a short-term lease under ASC 842 and no asset or liability is recognized on
the accompanying statements of financial position. Our Canada and Puerto Rico franchisee lease
agreements are a 5-year term and treated as variable income as rent is based on sales. Rental
and subrental income are recorded within Rental income in our consolidated statements of
comprehensive earnings and are recognized as amounts are earned and charged to franchisees
each month.
Employee Incentive Compensation and Accrued Compensated Absences
The Company maintains an employee incentive compensation plan for all full-time employees.
Incentive compensation for participating employees is calculated based on a portion of the revenue
received from restaurants.
The Company also has in place an accrued compensated absence policy under which employees
accrue compensated absence time as services are rendered throughout the year. Under this
policy, employees are permitted to carry a certain number of accrued and unused hours into the
subsequent year. The Company records a liability for accrued but unused compensated absence
time based on individual compensation rates in effect during the year, inclusive of incentive
compensation if applicable and estimable. The liability for accrued compensated absences was
approximately $81,249,000 and $83,379,000 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and
is recorded within Accrued expenses and obligations on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.

16

