pursuant to a license with CFA, or this Agreement is renewed
or extended by operation of law beyond the Initial Termination
Date, Licensee shall refurbish and remodel at CFA’s option
and direction each such Unit to Chick-fil-A’s then-current
standards, specifications, policies and designs for the
development and operation of a Chick-fil-A licensed unit in
accordance with Sections 6.2, 6.7 and 6.8 of this Agreement.
As between CFA and Licensee, CFA shall be the sole and
exclusive owner of all proprietary elements of the Drawings
and the renderings on the Drawings, whether or not they are
prepared by or on behalf of CFA, although Licensee shall be
entitled to retain a copy of the Drawings (provided that
Licensee may not disclose the Drawings to any third parties or
use the Drawings for a purpose not in conjunction with CFA).
To the extent that the Drawings are prepared by or on behalf of
Licensee, Licensee shall be solely responsible for providing
any third-party service provider with timely payment for such
Drawings, and Licensee hereby assigns and agrees to assign or
to procure the assignment of all Intellectual Property rights
therein, including without limitation copyright and all rights to
sue for past infringement, at no cost to CFA. Licensee shall
not, without the prior written consent of CFA, adversely
modify the appearance of the Units in any way or make any
modification of the Sites that is reasonably likely to affect
materially the Proprietary Marks.

agrees to refrain from selling in the Units any Products that
fail to meet such standards and specifications.

6.8 Building and Premises Standards. CFA shall have the
right to require Licensee to purchase the signage, fixtures,
leasehold improvements, equipment and other features of the
building or premises of the Units from suppliers approved in
advance by CFA. With respect to the Initial Sites, CFA may
exercise such right by delivering written notice to Licensee
promptly upon the execution of this Agreement by CFA; with
respect to Additional Sites, CFA may exercise such right by
delivering written notice to Licensee promptly after approval
of the Additional Sites as indicated on the Site Description
Form for such Additional Site. Licensee acknowledges that
CFA may appoint as many or as few approved suppliers as it
reasonably deems appropriate and that such approved suppliers
may in some instances include or be limited to CFA (in which
case CFA may receive payments as allowed by Section 6.10).

(b)

Licensee may only sell in a Unit the Authorized Products
for that Unit. Licensee shall at all times during the License
Term offer for sale at each Unit all Products on the Unit
Core Menu approved by CFA for that Unit. Licensee shall
not under any circumstances sell any other products or
conduct any other business in or from the Units or sell the
Products from any location other than the Units, unless
approved in advance in writing by CFA.

(d)

Except as CFA may otherwise approve in writing in
advance, Licensee shall purchase from CFA or suppliers
approved in advance by CFA all Products and Ingredients,
and all bags, boxes, wrappers, cups, napkins, cartons,
utensils, customer goodwill items and other food and
beverage containers and customer convenience items that
display one or more of the Proprietary Marks or that are
sold or used in at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the
then existing CFA restaurants and other facilities selling
any or all of the Products even if such items do not display
any of the Proprietary Marks. Licensee acknowledges that
CFA may appoint as many or as few approved suppliers as
it reasonably deems appropriate and that such approved
suppliers may in some instances include or be limited to
CFA (in which case CFA may receive payments as allowed
by Section 6.10).

6.11 Insurance. Licensee, at its own expense, shall procure
before the commencement of operation of any Unit, maintain
in full force and effect at all times during the License Term,
and not allow to be cancelled, lapsed, suspended or modified,
Commercial General liability insurance covering each Unit for
liability arising from premises, operations, personal injury,
products/completed operations, and liability assumed under an
insured contract. All insurance coverage required by this
Section 6.11 shall be maintained under one or more insurance
policies containing minimum liability protection of three
million dollars ($3,000,000) per occurrence. All insurance
policies required by this Section 6.11 shall be issued by an
insurance company licensed and approved by the Insurance
Commissioner (or similar official) in the jurisdiction in which
the covered Units are located and have a minimum A.M. Best

In preparing Products for sale in the Units, Licensee agrees
to use only the ingredients, techniques and procedures
designated or approved in advance by CFA. Licensee may
offer only such Products in the proportions, appearance and
packaging as may periodically be specified by CFA.
Licensee agrees that all Products offered for sale in the
Units shall comply with CFA’s standards and
specifications of quality, portion, taste and appearance and

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

Except as CFA may otherwise approve in writing in
advance, Licensee shall utilize in the Units only those
paper products (e.g. bags, boxes, wrappers, cups, napkins
or cartons) or utensils or customer goodwill items and other
food and beverage containers and customer convenience
items that display one or more of the Proprietary Marks.

6.10 Payments to CFA. Licensee acknowledges and agrees
that CFA shall have the right to charge and receive payments
such as those set forth in Addendum C for or on account of
sales of goods or services to or for the benefit of Licensee as
CFA reasonably deems appropriate, including without
limitation:
(a) from Licensee directly when Licensee
purchases such goods or services directly from CFA or its
authorized distributor(s); or (b) from any other person or entity
in the supply chain when Licensee purchases the goods or
services from a supplier. Licensee agrees that such payments
may be or contain a profit to CFA. Licensee shall reimburse
CFA promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days of
receipt of invoice from CFA) for any expenses incurred by
CFA on behalf of or for Licensee, and Licensee shall pay
interest to CFA on any amounts not paid within such thirty (30)
day period in an amount equal to twelve percent (12%) per
annum or the highest amount permitted under law if less than
twelve percent (12%) per annum.

6.9 Standards for Products and Supplies.
(a)

(c)

7

