limitation, its assessment of Licensee’s performance under and
adherence to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee’s ability to
continue to operate at the Sites, and the past economic and
operational performance of the Units); (2) may be extended or
otherwise made in the form of CFA’s then-current form of
license agreement (which may include new terms, conditions
and fees); (3) may include one or more, but not all, of the Units;
and (4) is not and shall not be deemed to be a part of this
Agreement. The License Term shall include any modifications
to the initial term of the License agreed to by CFA in writing.

offer Licensee the opportunity to operate Units at Additional
Sites. CFA shall have the option to reject or tentatively accept
the proposed Additional Site, pending CFA’s completion of a
site visit and any further investigative activities it deems
necessary or appropriate. Licensee shall arrange for CFA to
have access to each proposed Additional Site so that CFA can
conduct an assessment of the Site. After CFA has completed
the site visit, Licensee shall complete a Site Description Form
for the proposed Additional Site and submit it to CFA for final
approval. CFA shall have ten (10) business days from the date
it receives the completed Site Description Form to approve or
reject the proposed Additional Site. CFA may reject
Licensee’s proposal for Additional Sites if CFA determines, in
its sole and exclusive business judgment, that: (i) the proposed
Additional Sites are unsuitable for operating Units; (ii) the
proposed Additional Sites reflect inappropriately on CFA or
the CFA System; or (iii) the lease, facility, use, occupancy or
ownership arrangements with respect to the proposed
Additional Sites do not comply with the requirements of
Section 6.8. As a condition to CFA’s approval of each
Additional Site, CFA may require, in its sole and exclusive
business judgment, that: (i) Licensee execute a new, separate
then-current form of License Agreement for each such
Additional Site; and (ii) Licensee pay an initial license fee for
each such Additional Site, if CFA generally requires
prospective licensees to pay an initial license fee in executing
its then-current License Agreement.

2.6 Third Party Operators. Licensee may enter into a food
service or management relationship with third parties (“Third
Party Operators”) for the Third Party Operators to operate one
or more Units if the following conditions are satisfied before
the Third Party Operators are given any rights with respect to
Chick-fil-A products: (i) the Third Party Operators and all
Third Party Operator personnel and all other persons working
in a Unit operated by a Third Party Operator (“Third Party
Personnel”) must have signed a Chick-fil-A “Confidentiality
Agreement” in the form of Exhibit 1; and (ii) CFA must have
approved the Third Party Operator arrangement in writing.
(a)

(b)

Administrative Matters. CFA will supply Licensee with
a supply of Confidentiality Agreement forms, pre-signed
by CFA. Licensee shall maintain all signed Confidentiality
Agreements in an organized and secure manner. Licensee
shall provide CFA with original executed copies of each
Confidentiality Agreement upon request of CFA. At the
end of each calendar year during the License Term,
Licensee shall provide CFA with a list of all parties who
have signed (or are required to sign under this Section 2.6)
a Confidentiality Agreement.

3.2 Responsibility. Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee
has the sole responsibility for the selection of any Sites and the
location of Units there. Approval by CFA of Sites shall not
constitute a representation or warranty by CFA that the Units
operated at the Sites will be profitable or safe for customers or
employees or other personnel of Licensee or Third Party
Operator. Licensee may not move the location of any Unit,
from the Site with which it was originally associated, without
CFA’s prior written consent.

Rationale for Section 2.6 Requirements. The Parties
acknowledge that the requirements set forth in this
Section 2.6 are designed to make sure that every party
involved in the operation of a Unit or the sale of Products
as a result of this Agreement are legally bound to CFA to
comply with all applicable Chick-fil-A standards, policies
and procedures. Licensee accepts responsibility for making
sure that all such parties including Third Party Operators
and all persons working in Units operated by the Third
Party Operators comply with all such standards, policies
and procedures (including but not limited to those set forth
in the Confidentiality Agreement and the Manual).
Licensee shall, in appropriate cases, take legal action (or
cooperate with CFA in any legal action taken by CFA) to
enforce compliance with or address breaches or threatened
breaches of any such standards, policies and procedures by
such Third Party Operators and their employees.

SECTION 4--FEES
4.1 License Fees and Other Fees. Addendum C sets forth
license fees and certain other fees that Licensee shall pay CFA
in consideration of the various rights granted to Licensee under
this Agreement and the timing and procedures for paying such
license fees and other fees. Licensee agrees to pay all such
license fees and other fees as and when they are due and in
accordance with all CFA policies.
SECTION 5--TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE
5.1 Training. Before Licensee can begin operating a Unit, it must
send at least two (2) management-level personnel from the Site,
whose duties include management or supervision of Licensee’s
employees at the Unit, to an initial Licensee training program
sponsored by CFA and these individuals must complete the program
to CFA’s satisfaction. Before Licensee can begin operating a Unit,
Licensee must also send at least two (2) or, at Chick-fil-A’s sole
election and option, one (1) other senior management-level employee
from the Unit, whose duties may also include management or
supervision of Licensee’s employees at the Unit, to the in person
cultural experience portion of the Licensee initial training program
designated by CFA and these employees must complete that portion

SECTION 3--SITES
3.1 Additional Sites. If during the License Term Licensee
determines that it would (itself or through Third Party
Operators) like to operate Units at Additional Sites, it shall
notify CFA promptly of each such proposed Additional Site
and shall convey to CFA all information about the proposed
Additional Site requested by CFA. CFA is under no obligation
to offer Licensee the opportunity to operate Units at Additional
Sites, and CFA reserves the right under Section 3 hereof not to

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

4

