within the definition of “Trade Secret.”
THE PARTIES
ACKNOWLEDGE
AND
AGREE
THAT
CFA’S
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT
LIMITED TO: THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT; THE CONTENTS OF THE MANUAL
(EXCEPT FOR ANY INFORMATION IN THE MANUAL
THAT WOULD CONSTITUTE A “TRADE SECRET” OF
CFA); AND ANY COMPONENT OF THE CFA SYSTEM
THAT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A “TRADE SECRET” BUT
THAT OTHERWISE MEETS THE DEFINITION OF
“CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.”

not use the Proprietary Marks in any manner, either directly or
through any other person or entity, other than as necessary to operate
the Units. Licensee shall not use any other trademark or service mark
(including without limitation any non-English language version) in
conjunction with any of the Proprietary Marks without the prior
written consent of CFA, nor shall Licensee use or allow the use of
any other trademark or service mark in connection with the Units.
Licensee further covenants that it will not contest or aid in the contest
of the validity of, or ownership of, or CFA’s right to use and to license
others to use, the Proprietary Marks, nor take or knowingly permit
any other action which will or could in any way prejudice or harm
any or all of the Proprietary Marks or CFA Properties’ ownership
thereof, or CFA’s right to use and to license others to use the
Proprietary Marks. Licensee expressly agrees that it will not adopt
or use, or aid a third party in adopting or using, any trademark or
service mark that is similar to, imitative of or likely to be confused
with any of the Proprietary Marks. Licensee also covenants that it
will affix such symbols as “TM”, SM, “®”, or the equivalent, next to
or in conjunction with all of its uses of the Proprietary Marks, as
appropriate or necessary, or as directed by CFA, in order to protect
all of CFA’s rights therein. Any and all goodwill arising out of
Licensee’s use of any or all of the Proprietary Marks shall inure to
the benefit of CFA Properties and shall be and remain the exclusive
property of CFA Properties. Where required by CFA, Licensee shall
be recorded as a registered user or licensee with the trademarks
registry or other appropriate authority in respect of one or more of
the Proprietary Marks for any or all of the relevant goods or services
or Licensee shall cause other filings to be made having a goal similar
to the foregoing, and Licensee shall sign all documents and do all acts
to assist CFA for any or all such purposes.

7.3 Limitations on Competition.
(a) Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, given CFA’s
substantial investment in the CFA System and given Licensee’s
substantial access to CFA’s Confidential Information and Trade
Secrets, it is reasonable for Licensee to agree to refrain from certain
competitive activities during and for a reasonable time after the
License Term.
(b) Without CFA’s prior written permission, Licensee
shall not, during the period of time that it is operating a Unit,
anywhere within the Site associated with the Unit, directly or
indirectly, alone or in conjunction with or through any other party,
sell any nationally or regionally branded chicken products or any
products that are the same as or substantially similar in nature and in
presentation to any Products offered for sale at the Unit pursuant to
the CFA System.
(c) Without CFA’s prior written permission, for twelve
(12) months after Licensee ceases operating or having the right to
operate a Unit (such a Unit being referred to as a “Closed Unit”),
Licensee shall not from the space where the Closed Unit was located,
directly or indirectly, alone or in conjunction with or through any
other party, sell any nationally or regionally branded chicken
products or any products that are the same as or substantially similar
in nature and in presentation to any Products previously offered for
sale at the Closed Unit pursuant to the CFA System.

(b) Licensee shall always use the Proprietary Marks in
accordance with applicable standards and specifications set by CFA.
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that CFA shall have the right to
review, and approve or disapprove, in its sole and exclusive business
judgment, any and all uses of the Proprietary Marks by Licensee on
or in connection with any goods and in all media and in connection
with all services (which right will also extend to the quality of such
goods and services). Licensee agrees to cease or alter any use of the
Proprietary Marks which fails to conform with all applicable
standards and specifications set by CFA or which CFA deems in its
sole and exclusive business judgment to be otherwise unacceptable.

(d) If Licensee violates any covenant in this Section 7.3,
it shall be presumed that Licensee has used Confidential Information
and Trade Secrets of CFA in violation of Section 7.2.

(c) Licensee agrees to advise promptly and fully CFA of
all knowledge it has or acquires concerning any use of a trade name,
trademark, service mark or other mark that may infringe upon any of
the Proprietary Marks, but CFA or its designee retains the exclusive
right and authority to protect or defend the Proprietary Marks;
provided, however, that CFA or its designee shall not be obligated to
defend any or all of the Proprietary Marks and may determine not to
defend any or all of them for any reason whatsoever; and provided,
further, that CFA does not warrant the validity of any or all of the
Proprietary Marks. Licensee does agree, however, at the cost of
CFA, to be a named party in any demand, suit or action which CFA
may determine to institute in connection with such matters and
otherwise to cooperate as CFA reasonably requests in any defense or
other protection of the Proprietary Marks. Any and all damages and
costs recovered shall be for the sole account of CFA.

(e) If any court or other tribunal having jurisdiction to
determine the validity or enforceability of any provision contained in
this Section 7 determines that it would be invalid or unenforceable as
written, in whole or in part, then the provisions of this Section 7 shall
be deemed to be modified to the extent or in the manner as is
necessary in order for those provisions to be valid and enforceable to
the greatest extent possible.
7.4 Use of Proprietary Marks.
(a) Licensee acknowledges that the Proprietary Marks are
valid and are the exclusive and valuable property of CFA Properties;
that CFA has the right to use, and to sublicense others to use, the
Proprietary Marks; and that only duly authorized licensees have the
right to use the Proprietary Marks. Licensee further acknowledges
that any use by Licensee of the Proprietary Marks pursuant to this
Agreement is solely in its role as a licensee of CFA. Licensee shall

License Agreement – Self Op

(d) If it appears to CFA that protection of one or more of
the Proprietary Marks is no longer viable, either commercially or
legally, CFA has the right to relinquish such Proprietary Mark and,

9

