RECEIPT
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the License Agreement and other information
in plain language. Read this Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully.
If Chick-fil-A offers you a franchise, it must provide this Disclosure Document to you 14 calendar days
before you sign a binding agreement with, or make payment to, Chick-fil-A in connection with the proposed
franchise sale.
New York requires that Chick-fil-A give you this Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal
meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the License Agreement or other agreement or the
payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.
Michigan requires that Chick-fil-A give you this Disclosure Document at least 10 business days before the
execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever
occurs first.
If Chick-fil-A does not deliver this Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a false or misleading
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the appropriate state agency.
The franchisor is Chick-fil-A, Inc., located at 5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349. Its telephone
number is 404-765-8000.
Issuance Date: March 31, 2025
The name, principal business address and telephone number of each franchise seller for this offering: Chickfil-A, Inc., and
;
5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349; 404-765-8000.
Chick-fil-A authorizes the respective state agencies identified in Exhibit “A” to receive service of process for it
in the particular state.
I have received a Disclosure Document for Licensees dated March 31, 2025, that included the following
Exhibits:
EXHIBIT “A”
EXHIBIT “B-1”
EXHIBIT “B-2”
EXHIBIT “C”
EXHIBIT “D”
EXHIBIT “E”
EXHIBIT “F”
EXHIBIT “G”
EXHIBIT “H”
EXHIBIT “I”

Date

List of State Agencies/Agents for Service of Process
License Agreement (Self-Operators)
License Agreement (Food Service Providers)
Consolidated Financial Statements of Chick-fil-A, Inc.
Table of Contents of Chick-fil-A Manuals
List of Licensed Units, Operator Restaurants and Chick-fil-A Operated Restaurants
List of Former Licensees
State Specific Addenda and Agreement Amendments
State Effective Dates
Receipts

Licensee
Print Name
Please remove this page, sign and date this page, and return this page within 48 hours
after you receive this Disclosure Document to Real Estate-Licensing, Chick-fil-A, Inc.,
5200 Buffington Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30349-2998.

