t. Integration/merger
clause*

12.

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

Item 17, under the heading entitled “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” shall
be supplemented by the addition of the following language for the Franchise Agreement and the
Lease at the end of item v and item w in the summary for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease
under the provisions entitled “Choice of forum,” and “Choice of law”:
The above choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon Chickfil-A or upon you by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York, Article 33.

13.

Item 17, “Renewal Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” shall be amended by the
addition of the following paragraph(s) at the conclusion of the Item:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

14.

Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be effective only to
the extent, with respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of New York General
Business Law, Article 33, Section 680 through 695, and of the Codes, Rules, and Regulations of the
State of New York, Title 13, Chapter VII, Section 200.1 through 201.16 are met independently
without reference to this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

