managers of the location premises and can conduct a restaurant business or concession without the need to
utilize Licensees or prospective Licensees (“Captive Venue units”). Mall units are generally located in
shopping malls and shopping centers. In-line units are generally located in shopping centers, office
buildings and downtown areas. As its name implies, a drive-thru only unit does not provide eat-in, dining
room service. Captive Venue units are generally located in office buildings, big-box stores, downtown
areas, schools, universities, sports stadiums, theme parks and other similar captive audience locations. Captive
Venue units may feature and serve only a limited number of menu items, and may be seasonal or open
limited hours. Chick- fil-A offers its franchises to prospective Operators under a different Disclosure
Document.
This Disclosure Document addresses and concerns the offering of a license to a prospective Chickfil-A Licensee. As set forth above, the person who becomes a Chick-fil-A Licensee will be referred to as
“you” or “Licensee” throughout this Disclosure Document.
Most Licensees commence operating new Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. Chick-fil-A seeks
prospective Licensees on a continuing basis and offers some of them the right to become Licensees
depending on their qualifications, and the availability of a suitable Licensed Site or the suitability of the
Licensed Site proposed by the Licensee.
The Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit: A Chick-fil-A Restaurant is a limited-menu, quick-service
restaurant with its primary product being a boneless breast of chicken sandwich known as a Chick-fil-A®
Chicken Sandwich. In addition to the Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich, menu items at a Chick-fil-A
Restaurant include the Chick-fil-A Spicy Chicken Sandwich, Chick-fil-A Grilled Chicken Sandwich,
Chick-fil-A Nuggets, Chick-fil-A Chick-n-Strips® Cool Wrap, Chick-fil-A Waffle Potato Fries, salads
and soft drinks, as well as hand-spun milkshakes, Chick-fil-A Lemonade and a variety of breakfast items,
including our Chick-fil-A Chicken Biscuit, Egg White Grill, Hash Brown Scramble Burrito, Chickn-Minis®, and berry parfait items.
Chick-fil-A’s relationship with its Licensees is governed and defined by a written license agreement
which is referred to in this Disclosure Document as a “License Agreement”. Chick-fil-A Licensed Units are
established in existing facilities such as cafeterias and food courts or operated from custom facades, counter
areas or other retail facilities located in Licensed Sites to which you have access or control. You may own a
Licensed Site, or lease a Licensed Site from a third party, and operate the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit directly
(“Self-Operators”). Alternatively, you may provide food service at a Licensed Site through a contractual
arrangement with the owner or lessee (a “Third Party”) of the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit as part of providing
such food service to the Third Party at the Licensed Site (“Food Service Providers”). If you act as a Food
Service Provider, you may utilize persons in the operation of the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit who are employees
of the Third Party. In such instances, you will be subject to certain additional requirements under the License
Agreement for Food Service Providers to which Self-Operators are not subject. Other than these additional
requirements for Food Service Providers, which are discussed in this Disclosure Document, the terms of the
License Agreement signed by Food Service Providers and the terms of the License Agreement signed by SelfOperators are the same. Both the License Agreement for Self-Operators and the License Agreement for Food
Service Providers are attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibits “B-1” and “B-2,” respectively. Unless
otherwise noted in this Disclosure Document, the term “License Agreement” includes both of these versions of
the License Agreement and the term “you” includes both Self-Operator Licensees and Food Service Provider
Licensees.
In order to become a Licensee, you will be required to sign a License Agreement (Exhibits “B-1”
and “B-2”) and agree to operate your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit in full compliance with Chick-fil-A’s
standards and specifications. You will initially be licensed to operate a single Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit.
Once you begin operating your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, Chick-fil-A may offer you the opportunity to
operate one or more additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units at the same or a different Licensed Site. Chickfil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate an additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit
3

