Agreement and that those courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for such litigation arising
under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987. If either Party files suit to collect sums
due under this Agreement, then the first Party, in addition to its other rights and remedies
hereunder, shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
such collection, including without limitation attorneys’ fees and advisors’ fees, court costs
and other expenses of litigation, if the suing Party prevails in such suit.
6.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:

10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement.
No statement,
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.
7.
Section 11.9 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Entire
Agreement; Modification,” shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
11.9 Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement (together with the Addenda and
the Exhibits and other attachments hereto and any and all guarantees hereof) constitutes
the entire, complete and integrated Agreement between CFA and Licensee concerning the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements
between them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to the requirements of
applicable state law, no other representations have induced Licensee to sign this
Agreement. Licensee may rely on CFA's representations in the most recent Franchise
Disclosure Document that CFA delivered to Licensee, including its exhibits and any
amendments or supplements, in connection with Licensee's entry into this Agreement (the
“FDD”). CFA cautions the Licensee not to rely on any representations, promises or
agreements, oral or otherwise, not appearing in or attached to this Agreement or in the
FDD because, among other things, no officer, employee, or other servant or agent of CFA
is authorized to make any representation, warranty, or other promise not contained in this
Agreement or the FDD. Further, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except
in writing signed by Licensee and a duly authorized officer of CFA, subject to CFA’s
rights in Sections 6.2 and 6.5, and no change, termination, or attempted waiver or
cancellation of any provision of this Agreement shall bind CFA unless in writing and
signed by a duly authorized officer of CFA.
8.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with
respect to such provision, that the jurisdictional and other requirements of the Illinois Franchise
Disclosure Act of 1987 are met independently without reference to this Amendment. This
Amendment shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are not met.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
ILLINOIS AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

