and materials, and other confidential information provided by us to you. To meet our standards, you must,
among other things, purchase or lease goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, leasehold improvements,
insurance and inventory from various suppliers (including, without limitation, Chick-fil-A) in accordance
with our standards and specifications.
We review our specifications and standards when necessary, and we release any modified specifications
or standards to you when you need to be familiar with them. In order to protect against possible infringement,
we will release specifications or standards dealing with trade secrets or proprietary information only to those
suppliers we think are necessary. We reserve the right to be the sole designator of any product, ingredient or
other item that requires knowledge of any of our trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information.
We have no obligation to release any of our trade secrets, confidential information or other proprietary
information to any proposed alternative supplier.
You must also comply with our sales reporting procedures and other administrative standards. These
currently require you to submit financial reports and other items to us including Weekly Product Sales Reports,
Daily Product Sales Reports and Calendar Month Sales Summary Reports.
There is no practice in effect by which Chick-fil-A provides material benefits to you, such as a right
of renewal or the granting of additional licenses, based upon your use of designated or approved suppliers,
although your license is subject to termination if you do not use the designated suppliers with whom Chickfil-A has exclusive contractual arrangements, or you use suppliers not approved by Chick-fil-A.
The requirements described in this Item represent the Chick-fil-A system at the present time.
However, Chick-fil-A retains the right to change these requirements, including any single source
requirements, as the Chick-fil-A system evolves over time and the needs of the Chick-fil-A system change.
There are currently no buying or distribution cooperatives for Licensees.

24

