C.
No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a
felony charge or, within the 10 year period immediately preceding the application for registration, has
been convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a
civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antifraud or securities law; fraud; embezzlement;
fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive practices or comparable
allegations.
D.
No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or
decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust,
trade regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding
brought by a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities
association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association or exchange; or is subject
to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result
of an action brought by a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting
a license as a real estate broker or sales agent.
3.

Item 4, “Bankruptcy,” shall be amended by adding the following at the end:
Neither the franchisor, its affiliate, its predecessor, officers, or general partner during the tenyear period immediately preceding the date of this Franchise Disclosure Document: (a) filed as debtor
(or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a
discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or
a general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start
an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge for its debts under the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 year after the officer or general partner of the franchisor held this
position in the company or partnership.

4.

Item 5, “Initial Franchise Fee,” shall be amended by the addition of the following language at the
end:
The initial franchise fee may, in part, be profit to us, and constitutes part of our general
operating funds and will be used as such in our business judgment.

5.

Item 11, “Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems and Training,” under the
heading “Selection of Location,” shall be amended by modifying the last sentence of the second
paragraph under that heading so that the second paragraph shall read as follows:
Chick-fil-A licenses and continues to offer licenses to prospective Chick-fil-A Licensees from
time to time who have access to Licensed Sites, which are locations such as schools, workplaces,
universities, airports, hospitals and other similar locations. Accordingly, you have the sole responsibility
to select and must select the Licensed Site for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) and the location of your
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site, subject to Chick-fil-A’s prior approval.
Chick-fil-A’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the
Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the
Licensed Site meets Chick-fil-A’s then current minimum standards for site approval.

6.

Item 13, “Trademarks,” shall be amended by the addition of the following language at the end of
the second paragraph following the table of CFA Properties’ trademarks, following the sentence:
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

