(l) “Proprietary Marks” means collectively currently
existing and future service marks, trademarks, trade names, trade
dress (including product package designs), symbols, slogans,
emblems, logos, insignias, external and internal building designs and
architectural features, and combinations of the foregoing, which CFA
Properties has licensed to CFA for its own use and to sublicense
others to use with the CFA System, including those service marks,
trademarks and trade names listed on Addendum A.

Description Form for the Site from which Licensee is authorized to
operate such Unit.
2.3 License Not Exclusive. Licensee acknowledges that the rights
licensed and granted to it in this Agreement are not exclusive. CFA
reserves the right to operate or to grant parties other than Licensee
the right to operate Units or other Chick-fil-A restaurants at any
location. CFA also reserves the right to use the Proprietary Marks in
connection with, or to operate directly or to license the operation of,
any business other than Units at any location. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, during the License Term (as defined in Section 2.5), CFA
shall not operate or grant other parties the right to operate Units or
other Chick-fil-A restaurants from any Site where Licensee operates
a Unit.

(m) “Site” means the building or facility in which the Unit
is located. The “Site” of a Unit not located in a building or facility
shall be deemed to be the physical location of the Unit.
(n) “Retail Area” means the retail area or food court
located at or within a Site.

2.4 Limitation of License Rights. Except as is otherwise permitted
under this Agreement, the License and rights granted Licensee in this
Agreement are for the sole benefit of Licensee and Licensee shall not
grant any third party not directly affiliated with Licensee the right to
use the Proprietary Marks or the CFA System to sell any products or
services from any location. CFA reserves to itself all other rights not
granted expressly to Licensee under this Agreement.

(o) “Trade Secrets” means information or data of or
about a Party or CFA Properties (including, but not limited to,
confidential business information, technical or non-technical data,
formulas, recipes, patterns, compilations, programs, devices,
methods, techniques, drawings, processes, financial data, financial
plans, product plans, lists of actual or potential customers or
suppliers) that: (a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from
not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by
proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from
its disclosure or use; and (b) is the subject of efforts that are
reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. To the
extent that applicable law mandates a definition of “trade secret”
inconsistent with the foregoing definition, then the foregoing
definition shall be construed in such a manner as to be consistent with
the mandated definition under applicable law.

2.5 License Term. The initial term of the License granted Licensee
pursuant to this Section 2 (the “License Term”) shall begin on the
Effective Date of this Agreement and shall end on the date that is
____ (__) years after the Effective Date of this Agreement (the
“Initial Termination Date”), subject to its earlier termination pursuant
to Section 8. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that: (1) Licensee,
under this Agreement, has no right either to extend or renew the
License Term or to be offered or granted a new license agreement by
CFA upon the Initial Termination Date; and (2) CFA is under no
obligation under this Agreement either to extend or renew the
License Term or to offer or grant a new license agreement to Licensee
upon the Initial Termination Date. Any decision by CFA to offer
Licensee the opportunity to enter into a new license agreement
regarding the License granted in this Section 2 for a period of time
beyond the Initial Termination Date: (1) shall be made in the exercise
of CFA’s sole and exclusive business judgment (which may include,
without limitation, its assessment of Licensee’s performance under
and adherence to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee’s ability to
continue to operate at the Sites, and the past economic and
operational performance of the Units); (2) may be extended or
otherwise made in the form of CFA’s then-current form of license
agreement (which may include new terms, conditions and fees); (3)
may include one or more, but not all, of the Units; and (4) is not and
shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. The License Term
shall include any modifications to the initial term of the License
agreed to by CFA in writing.

(p) “Unit” means each Chick-fil-A facility, kiosk, mobile
cart, custom facade, counter area or other retail facility from which
Licensee is licensed to sell Products pursuant to this Agreement.
SECTION 2 -- GRANT AND TERM OF LICENSE
2.1 License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
CFA grants to Licensee, and Licensee accepts, a non-transferable,
non-exclusive license (the “License”) during the License Term (as
defined in Section 2.5) to: (a) establish and operate a Unit at each Site
approved by CFA and licensed to Licensee by CFA, including the
Initial Sites and any Additional Sites that may be approved by CFA
pursuant to Section 3.1 for which CFA does not require that Licensee
execute a new, separate then-current form of License Agreement; (b)
sell the Authorized Products from the Units; (c) use the Proprietary
Marks and the CFA System solely for the sale of the Authorized
Products from the Units, and (d) advertise the Units to the public,
consistent with CFA advertising policies. Licensee and CFA shall
complete CFA’s then current version of its “Site Description Form”
in the form of Exhibit 2 hereto, for each Site from which Licensee is
authorized to operate a Unit. These completed Site Description
Forms shall be maintained by CFA and their contents are deemed
incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

SECTION 3 -- SITES
3.1 Additional Sites. If during the License Term Licensee
determines that it would like to operate Units at Additional Sites, it
shall notify CFA promptly of each such proposed Additional Site and
shall convey to CFA all information about the proposed Additional
Site requested by CFA. CFA is under no obligation to offer Licensee
the opportunity to operate Units at Additional Sites, and CFA
reserves the right under Section 3 hereof not to offer Licensee the
opportunity to operate Units at Additional Sites. CFA shall have the
option to reject or tentatively accept the proposed Additional Site,

2.2 Menus. The core menu for licensed units is set forth on
Addendum B. The core menu applicable to each Unit, which may be
modified, amended or otherwise supplemented by the Parties from
time to time pursuant to mutual agreement, is set forth on the Site

License Agreement – Self Op

3

