Furthermore, we do not actually know of either superior prior rights or infringing uses that
could materially affect your use of the above-identified marks in this or any other state.
7.

Item 17, under the heading entitled “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end of item d in the
summary for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease under the provision entitled “Termination
by franchisee:”
You may terminate the Franchise Agreement and the Lease upon any grounds available by
law.

8.

Item 17, under the heading entitled “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end of item j in the summary
for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease under the provision entitled “Assignment of the
contract by franchisor:”
However, no assignment shall be made except to an assignee who, in the good faith
judgment of Chick-fil-A, is willing and able to assume Chick-fil-A’s obligations under the
Franchise Agreement and the Lease.

9.

Item 17, under the heading entitled “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,”
shall be supplemented by the addition of the following language at the end of item c and item m
in the summary for the Franchise Agreement and the Lease under the provisions entitled
“Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend” and “Conditions for franchisor approval
of transfer”
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes
of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of
the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the
intent of this proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and
687.5 be satisfied.

10.

Item 17, under the heading entitled “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” shall
be supplemented by the addition of the following paragraph in item q, in the summary for the
Franchise Agreement under the provision entitled “Non-competition covenants during the term
of the franchise:”
You acknowledge that any violation of the terms of the covenants not to compete would
result in irreparable injury to Chick-fil-A for which no adequate remedy of law may be available,
and you accordingly agree that Chick-fil-A may seek an injunction prohibiting any conduct by
you in violation of the terms of the covenant not to compete.

11.

The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading “Integration/merger
clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

