and reserves the right to never offer you the opportunity to operate an additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit.
The terms and conditions for operating any additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit offered to you by Chickfil-A after your first Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, if any, will be governed by your License Agreement or,
alternatively as a condition of Chick-fil-A’s approval, a new, separate, then-current form of License
Agreement for each such additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, and the payment of an initial license fee for
each such additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, if Chick-fil-A generally requires prospective licensees to
pay an initial license fee in executing its then-current License Agreement.
Although Chick-fil-A, its franchised Operators and its Licensees market Chick-fil-A brand products
broadly, we find that the typical Chick-fil-A customer is in the 18-44 age group. We believe that the market
for Chick-fil-A products in the broader Sunbelt region from Pennsylvania south through Texas is relatively
developed. The market for Chick-fil-A brand products is developing in other parts of the United States. As
a general matter, sales of Chick-fil-A brand products are not seasonal. However, you may experience higher
or lower sales during certain seasons of the year depending on the nature of the business or other activities
conducted at the Licensed Site at which your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit is located.
Applicable Laws and Regulations. Your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit will be subject to laws, rules and
regulations affecting businesses generally. You will be required to comply with all such laws, rules and
regulations that apply to businesses generally, including, without limitation, public health laws, tax laws and
regulations, labor, employment and wage and hour laws and regulations, insurance laws and regulations,
privacy laws, regulations, and industry standards, business licensing requirements, immigration and homeland
security laws, restrictions against smoking in public places and restaurants, the public posting of notices
regarding nutritional information, health hazards, fire safety, general emergency preparedness, rules regarding
the proper use, storage and disposal of waste materials, insecticides, and other hazardous materials, standards
regarding employee health and safety, sexual harassment laws and any other federal, state and local
regulations and ordinances which may be in effect. As a food service business, your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit may be subject to additional federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regulating food service
or quick service restaurant businesses, including without limitation wage and hour, overtime, labor,
scheduling, benefits and other standards, the storage, preparation, packaging, labeling and sale of food and
beverages to the public, food safety, refuse and sanitation standards and procedures for waste materials and
packaging, nutritional claims or other types of advertising, menu or product labeling or information, and
the use or maintenance of equipment involved in the preparation of frozen drinks and other products. You
must ensure that your computerized point-of-sale systems (the “POS Systems”) and your credit card
processing terminals (whichever are responsible for processing credit card transactions) are in compliance
with the most current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI-DSS”). You also must comply
with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, and security
of personal information and comply with any privacy policies or data protection and breach response
policies we periodically may establish. It is your responsibility to comply with all federal, state and local
laws, ordinances, rules and regulations that may affect your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, and to obtain and
comply with all licenses and licensing requirements necessary for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit to open
and operate. We encourage you to investigate and make inquiries regarding all these laws.
Competition. You will compete with other quick-service restaurants located near your Chick-filA Licensed Unit, including possibly other Chick-fil-A Restaurants (including other Licensed Units) located
in or marketing in the geographic vicinity of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, as well as any other quickservice restaurants or other food service operations located at the Licensed Site at which your Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit is established. Primary competition for Licensed Units is from franchised and other food
service operations located at the Licensed Site in which your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit may be located. In
some cases, competition may also arise from other restaurants and food service operations located outside
of the immediate premises of your Licensed Site. These restaurants and food service operations may be
associated with national or regional chains (whether or not franchised) or may be local, independent or
institutional restaurant locations.
4

