(d) If any inspection reveals that Gross Receipts reported
are less than the actual Gross Receipts ascertained by such inspection,
Licensee shall immediately pay CFA the additional amount of
License Fee and other fees owed to CFA by reason of such
understatement, together with interest of twelve percent (12%) per
annum or the highest rate permitted by law if less than twelve percent
(12%) per annum. If any report or statement prepared by Licensee
understates Gross Receipts by more than five percent (5%) of the
actual Gross Receipts, Licensee shall, in addition to making the
payment provided for in the immediately preceding sentence, pay and
reimburse CFA for any and all expenses incurred in connection with
ascertaining the understatement, including, but not limited to,
reasonable accounting and legal fees. Such payment shall be without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies CFA may have under this
Agreement or under law or at equity. If any such inspection,
examination or audit discloses an overpayment of License Fees, the
amount overpaid shall be credited to Licensee’s account.

6.13 Maintenance of Records, Inspections and Audits.
(a) Licensee shall maintain detailed written and
electronic records of Licensee’s licensed operations (including, but
not limited to, any reports required on Addendum D) and all of its
books and records shall be maintained according to generally
accepted accounting principles. Licensee shall preserve these books
and records for at least three (3) years after the close of Licensee’s
fiscal year to which they relate. CFA has the right to determine
whether Licensee is complying with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the requirements in the Manual. Accordingly,
Licensee shall ensure that CFA or its designated representatives shall
have the right at any time during business hours to: (i) enter upon and
inspect the building and premises of the Units or offices and inspect
and audit any records located or stored there relating to the Units; (ii)
inspect, audit and photocopy the business records, bookkeeping and
accounting records, operating records, operating reports,
correspondence and general business records of the Units, and the
other forms and information and supporting records which Licensee
is required to submit to CFA hereunder; and (iii) inspect and observe
the standards, specifications, methods, techniques and procedures
being utilized by Licensee in the operation of the Units. CFA shall
give Licensee at least seventy-two (72) hours prior notice before
entering the premises or performing any inspections under clause (i)
or (ii) above; however, CFA may act without notice under clause (iii)
above or if CFA has a reasonable basis to believe that Licensee has
materially violated any term of this Agreement. Licensee shall
ensure that it and all other relevant parties fully cooperate with CFA
or its designated representatives making any such inspection or
conducting or supervising any such audit, and shall ensure that CFA
or its designated representatives are permitted to take photographs of
the building and premises of the Units and to interview customers
and employees of Licensee.

SECTION 7 -- PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
7.1 Ownership of Rights. CFA Properties has granted CFA a
license to use and to sublicense others to use the Proprietary Marks
and other Intellectual Property owned by CFA Properties, including,
but not limited to, in the manner contemplated by this Agreement.
Licensee agrees that all references in this Agreement regarding all
rights and benefits of ownership and the use of the Proprietary Marks
and such other Intellectual Property are understood to run and inure,
and it is understood and agreed that such rights and benefits will run
and inure, to CFA Properties or CFA, as applicable, or their
respective successors in interest, as owner or licensee, as applicable.
The Parties acknowledge that CFA Properties owns and shall retain
all ownership of Intellectual Property associated with the Proprietary
Marks and the CFA System. To the extent Licensee has or later
obtains any Intellectual Property rights in the Proprietary Marks or
the CFA System, by operation of law or otherwise, Licensee hereby
agrees to assign all such rights exclusively to CFA Properties or, at
CFA’s election, CFA’s designee, and agrees to take any further
action requested by CFA to effectuate such an assignment.

(b) In the event that any of the books and records relating
to a Unit are located other than at the Site associated with the Unit,
Licensee shall ensure that CFA shall have the same rights to enter
such other location and inspect and copy such books and records as
is provided in Section 6.13(a). In the event that a Unit is located at a
Site to which access is restricted or at which the taking of
photographs or interview of customers is restricted, or some or all of
the books and records relating to a Unit are located at a place to which
access is restricted, Licensee shall diligently assist and facilitate CFA
in obtaining access to such Sites or place to conduct any inspection
or audit of such Units or the records relating thereto. For purposes of
the preceding sentence, a Site or place to which “access is restricted”
refers to a Site or place access to which is not within the control of
Licensee or is otherwise restricted by an unrelated third party.

7.2 Non-Disclosure Covenant. Each Party acknowledges that it
may be exposed to certain Confidential Information and Trade
Secrets of the other Party during the License Term, and that its
unauthorized use, publication or disclosure of such information or
data could cause immediate and irreparable harm to such other Party.
Accordingly, except to the extent that it is necessary to use such
information or data to perform its express obligations under this
Agreement, neither Party shall (and each Party shall take diligent
measures to ensure that none of its employees, other personnel,
agents or advisors shall), without the express prior written consent of
the other Party, redistribute, market, publish, disclose or divulge to
any other person or entity, or use or modify for use, directly or
indirectly in any way for any person or entity: (a) any of the other
Party’s Confidential Information during the License Term and for a
period of two (2) years after the termination of the License Term; or
(b) any of the other Party’s Trade Secrets at any time during which
such information shall constitute a Trade Secret (before or after
termination of the License Term). The Parties acknowledge and
agree that CFA’s Trade Secrets include, but are not limited to:
Product formulations, recipes and Ingredients; Product marketing
and promotional techniques and plans; financial data and plans; lists
of actual and prospective Chick-fil-A licensees, franchised operators,
and suppliers; and any components of the CFA System that fall

(c) Following any inspection, examination or audit of a
Unit, CFA may prepare a list of non-compliant items and other
deficiencies in Licensee’s operation of the Unit and deliver the list to
Licensee. Licensee must thereafter use diligent efforts to correct such
non-compliant items and other deficiencies, including taking such
actions as CFA may reasonably direct Licensee to take, in order to
bring itself and the operation of the Unit into full compliance with
this Agreement. Licensee must be in full compliance with every
provision of this Agreement within thirty (30) calendar days
following delivery of such list of deficiencies by CFA to Licensee.

License Agreement – Self Op

8

