5.
The Item 17 table for the Franchise Agreement, item t, under the subheading
“Integration/merger clause*” shall be amended to read as follows:
t. Integration/merger
clause*

11

Only the terms of the License Agreement, including all
schedules, exhibits and ancillary agreements are binding (subject
to applicable state law, see Exhibit “G”). We caution you not to
rely upon any promises or statements not in the License
Agreement or in this Disclosure Document. You may rely on
our representations in this Disclosure Document, including its
exhibits and any amendments or supplements. All of the
provisions above may not be enforceable under California law.
We nevertheless reserve the right to attempt to enforce all of
the provisions listed above.

6.
Item 17, “Renewal Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” shall be
amended by the addition of the following paragraph(s) at the conclusion of the Item:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship
shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise
law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on
behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
document executed in connection with the franchise.

7.
Each provision of this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be
effective only to the extent that the jurisdictional requirements and any other requirements of the
Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Stat. §§ 135.01 through 135.07, with respect to each such
provision, are met independent of and without reference to this Addendum to the Franchise Disclosure
Document. This Addendum shall have no force or effect if such jurisdictional or other requirements are
not met.

CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
WISCONSIN ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEES

