any supplier who we approve initially, but later disapprove. For purposes of this Item 8, a “supplier” may
be a manufacturer, distributor or wholesale/retail establishment which carries the product. A
“manufacturer” makes the product or provides the service; a “distributor” acquires the product from the
manufacturer and ships the product to you.
In order to, among other things, take advantage of marketplace efficiencies and volume pricing,
Chick-fil-A negotiates and enters into certain system-wide purchase and distribution arrangements with
suppliers for many supplies, ingredients, food and beverage products, produce and other items and services
used in, or in connection with the operation of, Chick-fil-A Restaurants including Licensed Units. Among
its approved suppliers, Chick-fil-A encourages and reserves the right to require its Licensees to use its
system-wide purchase and distribution programs for their purchases of most supplies, ingredients, food and
beverage products, produce, other items and services necessary for operating and promoting a Chick-fil-A
Licensed Unit. When considering whether to approve any particular supplier or to enter into any particular
arrangement, Chick-fil-A considers, among other things, the following factors: whether the supplier can
show, to our reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our then-current standards and specifications;
whether the supplier has adequate quality controls and capacity to meet the Chick-fil-A system’s needs
promptly and reliably; and whether the supplier’s approval or the particular supplier arrangement would
enable the Chick-fil-A system as a whole, in our sole and exclusive business judgment, to take advantage
of marketplace efficiencies and volume pricing.
In some circumstances, for example with respect to certain produce, bread and other product
purchases for some Chick-fil-A Licensed Units located in some geographic areas, we may require that you
make such purchases locally. Under these circumstances, we may require that you seek local suppliers for
perishable items like as bread and produce, but we reserve the right to approve your sources for these items
in accordance with our then-current standards and specifications.
We have not adopted specific criteria to evaluate or approve alternative suppliers for the goods and
services which you must purchase from Chick-fil-A-approved sources. We deal with requests for approval
of alternative suppliers of goods on a case-by-case basis. If we receive requests for alternative suppliers for
items that are not Chick-fil-A trade secret items or items that do not use our trademarks, we will provide a
Licensee the standards and specifications for the item and will consider permitting sourcing from alternative
suppliers consistent with the standards and specifications. However, we reserve the right to designate only
one supplier or a limited number of suppliers for certain items (including, without limitation, the physical
distribution of products, soft drinks, ingredients, etc.) in order to take advantage of marketplace efficiencies
and volume pricing. We also reserve the right to not approve or disapprove any supplier if, among other
things: (1) the supplier cannot show, to our reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our then-current
standards and specifications; (2) the supplier cannot show, to our reasonable satisfaction, adequate quality
controls and capacity to meet the Chick-fil-A system’s needs promptly and reliably; or (3) Chick-fil-A
determines in the exercise of its sole and exclusive business judgment that the supplier’s approval would
impact negatively upon the Chick-fil-A system’s ability, as a whole, to take advantage of marketplace
efficiencies and volume pricing. Finally, we reserve the right to conditionally approve a supplier or to limit
our approval of a supplier to certain products, restaurants or circumstances.
We stock certain non-proprietary items such as small wares and operating supplies, utensils and
other goods which are made available to you for your convenience. We also stock certain proprietary items,
including marketing and promotional materials and other items bearing our trademarks, and other
proprietary items which we may make available to you for your convenience, and are used by you in local
advertising, marketing and promotions, and in your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. Though we are not the sole
authorized supplier of most of these items, you are likely to purchase them from us for convenience and/or price
savings. Currently, the cost to Licensees for warehouse goods is our cost plus approximately 2.5%, which amount
may include a payment to Chick-fil-A for a portion of its costs associated with the processing and storage of the
goods and shipping the goods from the supplier to Chick-fil-A’s warehouse. Licensees are also charged
22

