food courts or operated from other facilities located at Licensed Sites to which you have access.
Thus, certain expenses, such as security deposits, cost of insurance and lease or sublease payments
cannot be estimated by Chick-fil-A and may vary greatly among Licensees. You should consider
these expenses in addition to those described in the table above in deciding whether to become a
Licensee.
2.

Licensees do not purchase all of their Opening Inventory and Supplies from Chick-fil-A or
designated suppliers, Licensees do not provide Chick-fil-A with their total costs for these items,
and Licensees’ actual costs are likely to vary greatly. Accordingly, Chick-fil-A does not know the
actual amounts spent by its Licensees on these items and can only provide an estimate of these costs
based on its own experience. Chick-fil-A’s estimate is based on its own experience in establishing
similar operations.

3.

Chick-fil-A sometimes sells equipment to its Licensees. You will be required to purchase certain
proprietary and other equipment from Chick-fil-A or a Chick-fil-A approved supplier for use at your
Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s). Chick-fil-A has based this estimate on its own experience in establishing
similar operations.

4.

Licensees’ build-out costs are only an estimate and vary greatly depending upon a variety of factors,
including the particular location of the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. Chick-fil-A has based this
estimate on its own experience in establishing similar operations.

5.

Prior to opening the Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit and upon any renovation or remodeling of the
Licensed Unit, you will be required to obtain architectural and other applicable construction
drawings from third parties.

6.

In addition, Chick-fil-A estimates that you will need additional funds for your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit. This estimate reflects the costs you can expect to pay in your first three months of operation and
includes your expenses, as well as the cost of repairs, maintenance and utilities. Please note that,
because several Licensees operate multiple concepts and food service operations at their Licensed
Site(s), you may experience costs that are different than the level of expenditures set forth above. Chickfil-A has based this estimate on its own over 50 years of experience in establishing similar operations.
The exact amount required for additional funds will vary from operation to operation and cannot be
estimated with certainty for your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit.
Item 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Approved Supplies and Suppliers: Chick-fil-A has an interest in the proprietary seasoning used in
the preparation of certain Chick-fil-A brand chicken products. Chick-fil-A purchases the seasoning from the
producers of the seasoning and has it shipped directly to Chick-fil-A’s authorized or approved poultry
suppliers. These poultry suppliers then apply the seasoning to most of the chicken products sold to the
Licensees. Payments to Chick-fil-A for the proprietary seasoning are received from the poultry supplier
when the chicken is sold to Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s). Currently, Chick-fil-A is receiving
payments of approximately $.06 per pound of seasoned chicken, which amount includes a payment to
Chick-fil-A for its proprietary interest in the seasoning, and which amount may vary and otherwise change
due to among other things food costs and product initiatives.
Chick-fil-A also has an interest in the proprietary seasoned coater used in the preparation of most
Chick-fil-A brand chicken products. The seasoned coater is purchased by Chick-fil-A from the producer
and is shipped directly to Chick-fil-A’s authorized distributor(s). Payments to Chick-fil-A for the
20

