Chick-fil-A, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
related to the performance of the agreed upon services were approximately $6,618,000,
$6,787,000, and $5,629,000, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022,
respectively.
One of the Company’s principal shareholders owns a substantial interest in a company which sold
fixtures to the Company aggregating approximately $27,583,000, $26,572,000, and $23,092,000,
during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
In October 2024, the Company acquired Dwarf House Group, LLC and the existing business
relationships held by the entity. This includes 13 land leases with a company whose shareholders
are related to shareholders of Chick-fil-A, Inc. or members of management. The leases with the
related party were modified upon acquisition and all active leases are valued at fair market value,
constituting an arm’s length transaction. As of December 31, 2024 lease payments totaling
$397,000 were made between the wholly owned subsidiary and the related party.
10.

Leases
The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio related to our free-standing and mall
restaurant locations. The Company’s leases are structured either as ground leases, where we
lease the land and subsequently construct the restaurant, or as space leases, where we lease the
land along with the respective building space. Our restaurant real estate leases, exclusive of
traditional mall leases, are generally long-term in nature, with non-cancellable, base lease terms
ranging between 10 and 20 years and typically provide for periodic rent escalations and optional
renewal periods. Rent escalations vary between leases but commonly occur every five years at an
escalation rate between 10% and 12%. Lease renewal options are generally exercisable at the
Company’s sole discretion and are typically structured to occur in multiple five-year increments.
The Company’s traditional mall leases generally have shorter lease terms, usually less than ten
years, and typically do not contain as many optional renewal periods as the Company’s free
standing restaurant leases. In addition to fixed minimum monthly lease payments, some of the
Company’s leases, primarily those in our traditional mall spaces, provide for contingent rentals that
are calculated based on certain achieved restaurant sales thresholds. Due to the variable nature of
these payments, they are typically not included in the measurement of the lease asset and liability
and are included as a component of variable lease expense.
The Company leases or subleases each franchised restaurant location to restaurant franchisees
under lease agreements for the length of the franchisee agreement. Under the Company’s
franchisee lease agreements, rent paid by franchisees to the Company for the use of real estate is
subject to a maximum of 6% of restaurant sales. The Company also leases or subleases
equipment to restaurant franchisees for the length of the franchise agreements. Equipment rental
charges are determined based upon the restaurant concept type and are charged to franchisees
monthly. The Company recognizes rental and subrental income within Rental income on the
accompanying statements of comprehensive earnings. In accordance with ASC 842, the Company
reports right-of-use assets subject to sublease to restaurant franchisees separately from other
right-of-use assets on our accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
In addition to restaurant real estate, the Company additionally leases real estate for certain of our
corporate office locations, distribution and manufacturing facilities related to our distribution and
lemon juicing production operations, as well as certain restaurant and corporate office equipment.
Our real estate leases for corporate office locations, distribution and manufacturing facilities are
generally long-term in nature, with non-cancellable, base lease terms ranging between 10 and 20

34

