AMENDMENT TO THE CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
LICENSE AGREEMENT
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND
In recognition of the requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, R.I. Gen. Law
ch. 395 Sections 19-28.1-1 – 19-28.1-34, the parties to the attached Chick-fil-A, Inc. License Agreement
(the “License Agreement”), dated as of
, do hereby agree as follows:
1.
Section 3.2 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Responsibility,” shall
be amended by deleting Section 3.2 and replacing it with the following:
3.2 Notwithstanding Section 3.1, Licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection of
any Sites and the location of Units there. CFA’s approval of a Licensed Site or the location
of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit(s) within the Chick-fil-A Licensed Site shall only mean
that the prospective Licensed Unit(s) to be operated at the Licensed Site meets CFA’s then
current minimum standards for site approval. Licensee may not move the location of any
Unit, from the Site with which it was originally associated, without CFA’s prior written
consent.
2.
Section 10.5 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Choice of Law,” shall
be supplemented by the following language:
If the License Agreement requires that it be governed by a state’s law, other than the State
of Rhode Island, to the extent that such law conflicts with the Rhode Island Franchise
Investment Act, it is void under Section 19-28.1-14 with respect to any claims arising under
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.
3.
Section 10.6 of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Litigation,” shall be
supplemented by the following language:
If the License Agreement requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the State
of Rhode Island, the requirement is void under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act,
Section 19-28.1-14 with respect to any claims arising under Section 19-28.1-14 of the
Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.
4.
Section 10.8(a) of the License Agreement, under the heading entitled “Caveats,” shall be
deleted and replaced by the following:
10.8 (a) Based on its experience, CFA believes and therefore states that the success of
the business venture contemplated to be undertaken by Licensee by virtue of this
Agreement is speculative and depends to a large extent upon the ability of Licensee as an
independent business entity and its active participation in the affairs of the Units, as well
as other factors.
5.

The following is added as a new section 10.10 to the License Agreement:
10.10 No Statement, Questionnaire, or Acknowledgement.
No statement,
questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
CHICK-FIL-A, INC.
RHODE ISLAND AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT

