rating and financial size class of A -VII. Licensee must notify
CFA prior to canceling or not renewing any coverage.
Licensee shall be the principal beneficiary of such Commercial
General liability insurance policies but shall designate CFA as
an additional insured on all such policies and arrange to show
this designation via endorsement and on all certificates of
coverage and shall forward the endorsement/certificates of
coverage to CFA within thirty (30) calendar days of procuring
such insurance but in any event before opening a covered Unit.
Licensee shall provide annually an updated certificate of
insurance with applicable endorsements within 30 days of their
policy renewal. Licensee’s insurance obligations in this
Section 6.11 shall not be limited in any way because of any
insurance that CFA may maintain.

daily transaction level data, sales per visit and products and
combination of products sold, otherwise known as product
mix data or “PMIX”, and inventory data. Licensee shall
also furnish to CFA the reports and documents relating to
Licensee’s operation of the Units as described on
Addendum D, as the same may be modified by CFA in its
sole and exclusive business judgment from time to time.

6.12 Point of Sale, Data and Reporting Requirements.
(a)

Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, in support of
CFA’s operation and development of the CFA System, it is
desirable for CFA to collect certain limited financial,
operational, and statistical information concerning the
Units. Licensee further acknowledges its responsibility and
obligation to submit any such information requested by
CFA within such timeframes as may be reasonably
established by CFA from time to time. Accordingly,
Licensee agrees to obtain, maintain and use at its sole cost
and expense at all times computer hardware and software,
including computer, point of sale, and other electronic
information systems, a high-speed Internet connection, and
all equipment components and software approved by CFA
and otherwise necessary for Licensee to meet all
functionality, performance and informational requirements
specified by CFA, as the same may be required and
modified by CFA in its sole and exclusive business
judgment from time to time (collectively, the “POS
Systems”). The functionality, performance and
informational requirements specified by CFA for the POS
Systems may include, without limitation, the ability to
accept and process all transactions at the Units (such as for
example mobile ordering and payment systems and other
related technology), to transmit point of sale data to CFA
or allow and effect CFA to poll same as and when CFA
deems desirable and appropriate, and to facilitate
Licensee’s participation in any gift card, customer loyalty,
affinity and similar programs established by CFA as CFA
deems appropriate and desirable for Licensee to participate
in from time to time. CFA shall have the right to designate
a single source (who may be CFA or its affiliate) from
whom Licensee must purchase certain components or the
entire POS Systems, related licenses and technology, and
related support services. Licensee bears responsibility for
the proper functioning of the POS Systems and ensuring it
is operational at all times including access to the Internet
and any extranet that may be established. For purposes of
this Agreement, the term “poll” or “polling” means any
process acceptable to CFA by which information or data
about the Units may be transmitted to or from the POS
Systems or other system operated by Licensee or its agent
into a computer or system operated by CFA or its agents in
the manner and format prescribed by CFA from time to
time. For the avoidance of doubt, CFA may poll for
information including, without limitation, daily sales data,

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

(b)

If any information provided pursuant to this Section
demonstrates an underpayment of any License Fee,
Licensee shall pay any and all sums due together with
interest and costs as described in Section 6.13(d). If the
information demonstrates an overpayment, it shall be
credited to Licensee’s account.

(c)

If Licensee learns of an incident that may be a breach of
the security of Licensee’s POS Systems or other computer
systems as defined under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.82 or any
other applicable data breach notification law, Licensee
must immediately notify CFA of the facts that are known
about the incident (a “Data Breach”). Although Licensee
is and shall remain responsible for complying with all data
breach notification laws and standards applicable to
Licensee and the Units, Licensee will cooperate and
coordinate with CFA regarding such incidents where
notification to individuals is required before individuals are
notified so that CFA can be aware of and be prepared to
address issues that may affect the Proprietary Marks and
the System and be in a position to support Licensee where
CFA deems advisable and possible. In the event of an
actual or suspected Data Breach, Licensee agrees to
cooperate with CFA and to provide CFA with any access
and information CFA may reasonably request to conduct
its own investigation and support CFA’s own remediation
efforts. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve
Licensee of Licensee’s obligation to comply with
applicable laws, regulations, rules, standards or any
equivalent thereof concerning an actual or suspected Data
Breach or Licensee’s sole responsibility for any costs or
financial losses Licensee incurs or remedial actions that
Licensee must take as a result of an actual or suspected
Data Breach.

6.13 Maintenance of Records, Inspections and Audits.
(a)

8

Licensee shall maintain detailed written and electronic
records of Licensee’s licensed operations (including, but
not limited to, any reports required on Addendum D) and
all of its books and records shall be maintained according
to generally accepted accounting principles. Licensee shall
preserve these books and records for at least three (3) years
after the close of Licensee’s fiscal year to which they relate.
CFA has the right to determine whether Licensee is
complying with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the requirements in the Manual. Accordingly,
Licensee shall ensure that CFA or its designated
representatives shall have the right at any time during
business hours to: (i) enter upon and inspect the building
and premises of the Units or offices and inspect and audit
any records located or stored there relating to the Units;

