Agreement, however, Chick-fil-A will not operate or grant other parties the right to operate any other Chickfil-A Licensed Units or Operator-run or company-owned Chick-fil-A Restaurants at the exact same Licensed
Site as the Licensed Site where you operate your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit (or, for example, where the
Licensed Site is an airport, at the exact same retail area within the Licensed Site). Any internal policies that we
may develop, apply and modify periodically in connection with decisions to develop new Chick-fil-A
Restaurants including Chick-fil-A Licensed Units do not grant you any contract rights, are not part of your
contract, and do not modify or affect Chick-fil-A’s or your contract rights and obligations under the License
Agreement. Chick-fil-A’s internal programs and policies are subject to change or cancellation at any time by
Chick-fil-A.
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other licensees or
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.
Our affiliates may also own and operate Chick-fil-A Restaurants or control competitive brands. We
are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above outside or inside the geographic and
customer trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed Site. We do not restrict you from
soliciting or accepting authorized food and beverage orders from outside the geographic and customer trading
pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed Site (subject to your ability to comply with then-current
requirements and standards), but you do not have the right to use other unapproved channels of distribution to
make sales outside the geographic and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Site.
You may not relocate your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit without Chick-fil-A’s prior written consent.
If you wish to operate a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit in another location instead of the Licensed Site of your
existing Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, Chick-fil-A may, but is under no obligation to, allow you to relocate to
another Licensed Site to establish another Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. Licensees who relocate in this manner
may be required to execute new License Agreements.
If during the term of the License Agreement, you determine that you would (yourself or through a
Third-Party Operator) like to operate additional proposed Chick-fil-A Licensed Units at additional Licensed
Sites, you must notify Chick-fil-A promptly of each such proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Site and
convey to Chick-fil-A all information about the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Site requested by
Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A shall have the option to reject or tentatively accept the proposed additional Chick-filA Licensed Site, pending Chick-fil-A’s completion of a site visit and any further investigative activities it deems
necessary or appropriate. You must arrange for Chick-fil-A to have access to each proposed additional Chickfil-A Licensed Site so that Chick-fil-A can conduct an assessment of the Licensed Site. After Chick-fil-A has
completed the site visit, you must complete a site description form for the proposed additional Chick-fil- A
Licensed Site and submit it to Chick-fil-A for final approval. Chick-fil-A shall have 10 business days from the
date it receives the completed site description form to approve or reject the proposed additional Chick-fil-

32

