compliance with CFA's food safety and product quality
standards.

10.5 Choice of Law. This Agreement was made and took
effect when accepted and executed by CFA in the State of
Georgia. All rights, duties and obligations of the parties hereto
arising out of or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement
shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced solely
under the laws and decisions of the State of Georgia as they
now exist and hereafter may be amended or changed from time
to time (except and without reference to any conflict of law
principles, rules and decisions), including without limitation
all controversies, disputes and claims of any nature between
the Parties arising out of or relating to the validity,
performance, interpretation, enforcement, termination or
expiration of this Agreement, and any other aspect of the
Parties’ agreement or relationship. The laws of the State of
Georgia shall prevail and otherwise be applied to all such
disputes in the event of any conflict of laws.

10.2 Equitable Remedies. Licensee acknowledges, agrees
and warrants that any breach or threatened breach by Licensee
of any of the material terms of this Agreement, including
without limitation a breach of the provisions of Sections 6, 7,
8 or 9, would result in irreparable damage and harm to CFA
that would be difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, in such event,
CFA shall be entitled, if it so elects, in addition to any other
remedies available to it under this Agreement or at law, to
immediate equitable relief therefor, including without
limitation, an injunction or an order for specific performance.
Nothing in this Section 10 shall be deemed to limit CFA’s
remedies at law or in equity for any breach by Licensee of any
provision of this Agreement. Furthermore, nothing in this
Section 10 or otherwise contained in this Agreement shall
limit, abridge or modify the rights of CFA in and to its
Intellectual Property, including its Trade Secrets, Confidential
Information and the Proprietary Marks under any applicable
national, federal, state, or local trade secret, trade name,
trademark, service mark, patent, copyright, unfair competition,
license or other law.

10.6 Litigation. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that
Licensee has and will continue to develop a substantial and
continuing relationship with CFA at its offices in the State of
Georgia, where CFA’s decision-making authority is vested and
where its license program operations are conducted and
supervised. The Parties agree that if a controversy or claim
between them arises out of or relates to this Agreement or the
relationship between Licensee and CFA and results in
threatened or pending litigation, then the Superior Court of
Fulton County, Georgia, United States of America, and the
United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia, Atlanta Division, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and decide such matter, and each Party hereby submits
and consents to the jurisdiction of each such courts, and each
Party hereby agrees to commence, conduct and conclude such
matters only in such courts. The Parties further acknowledge
and agree that the courts identified above are convenient
forums for the litigation of any controversy or claim which
may arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the relationship
between Licensee and CFA, and agree not to claim, assert or
argue that such courts do not have jurisdiction or are
inconvenient forums. Licensee hereby waives any and all
objections to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the Fulton
County, Georgia Superior Court and the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division,
and further waives any and all objections to the jurisdiction of
and venue in such courts, in and for all cases and controversies
relating to or arising out of this Agreement and/or the
relationship between Licensee and CFA. This exclusive
choice of jurisdiction and venue provision governs except that
claims for injunctive relief may be brought by CFA in any
appropriate jurisdiction where Licensee is located. This
exclusive choice of jurisdiction and venue provision also shall
not restrict the ability of any Party to enforce any judgment,
award or order in any appropriate jurisdiction or to obtain the
full faith and credit of any judgment, award or order obtained.
If either Party files suit or claim to collect sums from or to
enforce its rights or any covenant under this Agreement (the
“Claiming Party”) against the other Party, then the Claiming
Party, in addition to its other rights and remedies hereunder,
shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with such collection or other action, should the
Claiming Party prevail in such suit or claim, including without
limitation attorneys’ and advisors’ fees, court costs and other
expenses of litigation. The term “prevail” means to be awarded

10.3 Indemnification. To the extent that applicable law
prohibits either Party from making the indemnification
covered by this Section 10.3, then to that extent, against the
Party that is thus prohibited, this Section 10.3 shall not be
effective, and the other Party’s indemnification obligation
under this Section 10.3 shall be similarly reduced, so that each
Party’s obligations under this Section 10.3 are roughly equal.
Each of CFA and Licensee (as applicable, the “Indemnitor”)
shall and does hereby hold harmless and indemnify the other
Party and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates,
parent, subsidiaries, successors and assigns (collectively, the
“Indemnitee”), from and against any and all claims,
counterclaims, suits, demands, debts, costs, liabilities,
expenses, setoffs, liens, attachments, judgments, actions and
causes of action arising out of (i) the untruth or breach of any
of the Indemnitor’s representations or warranties in this
Agreement, or (ii) a breach by the Indemnitor of its obligations
under this Agreement, or (iii) the negligent or intentionally
wrongful acts or omissions of the Indemnitor or any of its
officers, directors, shareholders, agents or employees
(including, in the case of Licensee, the unauthorized,
unlicensed or otherwise unpermitted or improper operation or
condition of any part of the Units or the Sites); and the
Indemnitor shall reimburse the Indemnitee for any and all
costs, damages, penalties and expenses, including without
limitation attorneys’ and advisors’ fees, costs of investigation
and court costs that the Indemnitee incurs by reason of or due
to any such acts or omissions by the Indemnitor. The
indemnities herein shall continue in full force and effect
subsequent to and notwithstanding any expiration or
termination of the License Term.
10.4 Cumulative Rights and Remedies. All rights and
remedies of the Parties under this Agreement shall be
cumulative.

License Agreement – Food Service Provider

15

