Chick-fil-A, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
payments are charged to franchisees monthly. Income earned under the Company’s franchisee
lease arrangements is recorded within Rental income on the accompanying consolidated
statements of comprehensive earnings and is recognized in accordance with ASC 842, Leases.
See Note 10 for additional information.
Additionally, the Company incurs property tax charges associated with our restaurant real estate
and equipment and passes such charges to franchisees for reimbursement. The Company
presents property tax expenses and the associated franchisee reimbursements gross on the
accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. For the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized property tax income of
approximately $105,443,000, $95,000,000, and $85,402,000, respectively, within Rental income on
the consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings.
Restaurants temporarily without a franchisee and restaurants operated by Dwarf House Group,
LLC are referred to as company-operated restaurants. Sales and expenses relating to companyoperated restaurants are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive
earnings for the period operated. Revenue is recognized at the point-of-sale net of sales-related
taxes.
Royalties earned from the Company’s brand license arrangements are calculated based on a
percentage of licensed restaurant sales and the Company recognizes revenue over time as the
underlying sales occur.
Recognition of Product Sales
Product sales on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings consist of
sales of the Company’s proprietary products and sales earned through the Company’s distribution
and lemon juice production operations.
The Company earns revenue from the sale of certain proprietary products to our distribution
partners under third-party supply arrangements. The Company recognizes revenue from the sales
of our proprietary products at the point in time our customers control the products pursuant to the
terms of the respective contractual agreement.
For our proprietary product arrangements, the Company follows the principal-agent model under
ASC 606, which provides a control-based model for determining whether an entity acts as a
principal or an agent to a transaction. An entity is deemed the principal in a transaction if it obtains
control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. An entity is
deemed an agent if it does not control the specified goods or services before they are transferred
to the customer. The Company records income and associated costs gross on the consolidated
statements of comprehensive earnings in arrangements where we were deemed to be the
principal. If deemed agent to the transaction, the Company records income net of the associated
costs on the consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings.
Additionally, the Company generates revenue from our distribution and lemon juice production
operations. For our distribution operations, the Company generates revenue through the sale of
goods to our restaurant franchisees and licensees, and revenue is recognized at the point in time
that control of the underlying goods transfers pursuant to our respective supply agreements. As of
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, our distribution centers provided services to 1,107, 556, and
410, restaurant locations, respectively. Our lemon juice operations generate revenue primarily
through the sale of lemon juice for distribution to our restaurant franchisees and licensees.

12

