against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorney's fees, court costs
and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed on us, our
subsidiary and affiliated companies, or any of our or their agents or employees, in connection with
the testimony, production, investigation or defense relating to such claim or litigation or
administrative proceeding. Your indemnification obligations described above will continue in full
force and effect after, and notwithstanding, the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
22.4

Construction and Severability.

Section headings are for convenience only and shall not limit the enforceability or
obligations contained therein. All references in this Agreement to the singular shall include the
plural where applicable, and all references to the masculine shall include the feminine and
vice-versa. If any part of this Agreement for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision
shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect.
If any applicable law or rule requires a greater prior notice of the termination of or election not to
renew this Agreement, or the taking of some other action than is required under this Agreement,
the prior notice or other requirements required by this law or rule shall be substituted for the
requirements of this Agreement. If any covenant in this Agreement which restricts competitive
activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area, business activity,
prohibited and/or length of time, but would be enforceable by reducing any part or all thereof, the
parties agree that same shall be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public
policies applied in the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "affiliate or affiliates" shall mean any entity or entities controlled by,
controlling, or under common control or common ownership with Franchisee (or any of its
Owners) or DPF, as the case may be.
The rights and remedies of each party under this Agreement are cumulative, and no
exercise or enforcement by a party of any right or remedy hereunder will preclude the exercise or
enforcement of any other right or remedy hereunder.
22.5

Scope and Modification of Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all
prior and contemporaneous, oral or written, agreements or understandings of the parties regarding
the subject matter of this Agreement, provided that nothing in this Agreement or in any related
agreement is intended to disclaim the representations we made in any franchise disclosure
document we delivered to you in connection with this Agreement. Further, nothing in this
Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to prevent or restrict you from contacting or
communicating with any federal, state or local authorities or agencies about our compliance with
any applicable laws, including franchise laws, or the relationship of the parties under this
Agreement or any related agreement. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge
or cancellation of this Agreement shall affect the right of any party to enforce any claim or right
under this Agreement, whether or not liquidated, which occurred prior to the date of such
modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge or cancellation.
22.6

Governing Law.

45
NTA – 04/01/2025

