ADDENDUM TO DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
This Addendum to Development Agreement (the “Addendum”) is being entered into between
Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC (“DPF”, “we” or “us”) and
(“Developer” or
“you”), is dated
, 20 and modifies and supplements the Development Agreement
(the “Agreement”) by and between DPF and Developer dated
, 20 .
Any and all capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Agreement.
1. New Store Builds and Incentives. In exchange for you agreeing to and fulfilling the
following requirements (the “Incentive Eligibility Requirements”), for traditional stores DPF
will offer you a New Store Build Incentive as detailed below:
x

You agree to open:
o (i) a minimum total of one (1) new store by
Open By Date”);
o (ii) a minimum total of two (2) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (iii) a minimum total of three (3) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (iv) a minimum total of four (4) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (v) a minimum total of five (5) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (vi) a minimum total of six (6) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (vii) a minimum total of seven (7) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (viii) a minimum total of eight (8) new stores by
Required Open By Date”);
o (ix) a minimum total of nine (9) new stores by
Required Open By Date”); and
o (x) a minimum total of ten (10) new stores by
Required Open By Date”).

x
x

(the “First Store Required
(the “Second Store
(the “Third Store
(the “Fourth Store
(the “Fifth Store
(the “Sixth Store
(the “Seventh Store
(the “Eighth Store
(the “Ninth Store
(the “Tenth Store

The
( ) new stores shall be referred herein collectively as the “New Stores”
under the Agreement. All New Stores must be approved by DPF and meet all
requirements and specification in order to be considered open by DPF.
The New Stores must be opened in
(Optional)

New Store Build Incentive
(to be completed as applicable)
2. Failure to Comply With Development Requirements. In the event you do not open any
New Store by its respective Required Open By Date and do not open that New Store within
the same fiscal year as the Required Open By Date in two (2) consecutive years, Developer
will forfeit its rights of Development Area protection under Section 3 (“Territorial
Protection”) of the Agreement.

