because of overtime and other benefits due non-exempt employees. There may be local laws
regulating delivery service, including laws which may prohibit businesses offering delivery service
or from refusing to provide delivery service to certain customers or areas. In addition, DPL entered
into an agreement with the Department of Justice in June 2000 to ensure that decisions affecting
delivery service will not be based on factors such as race, national origin, age or other
characteristics protected by law. At the time, DPL adopted, on a system-wide basis, limited
delivery service standards which applied to all company-owned and franchised Stores. DPL also
adopted procedures for implementing these standards which are applicable to all Domino's
company-owned Stores and provided to all franchisees as guidelines which franchisees may adopt
to comply with these standards. These standards and procedures relate, in part, to the
circumstances under which stores may limit delivery in certain areas for safety of store employees.
All of these standards and procedures are applicable to all new and existing Domino’s Pizza
franchisees and company-owned Stores. There may be other laws which apply to your business.
You should investigate these laws and their impact on your business.

Item 2: Business Experience
Manager and Chief Executive Officer of DPF and Manager and Chief Executive Officer of
DPL: Russell Weiner
Mr. Weiner has served as Manager and Chief Executive Officer of DPF and Manager and
Chief Executive Officer of DPL since May 2022. Mr. Weiner previously served as Chief
Operating Officer and President, Domino’s U.S. of DPL from July 2020 to April 2022. He
served as Chief Operating Officer and President of the Americas of DPL from July 2018
to July 2020.
Manager of DPF: Linda Ciaramella
Ms. Ciaramella has served as a Manager of DPF since April 2022. Ms. Ciaramella is a
Director of Lord Securities Corporation, a TMF-Group company based in New York, New
York having been with the company from October 2001 to present.
Manager of DPF: Albert J. Fioravanti
Mr. Fioravanti has served as a Manager of DPF since May 2014. Mr. Fioravanti is
Managing Director of Lord Securities Corporation, a TMF-Group company based in New
York, New York having been with the company from December 1999 to present.
Chief Operating Officer and President of DPL: Joe Jordan
Mr. Jordan has served as Chief Operating Officer and President of DPL since March 2025.
Mr. Jordan served as President, U.S. & Global Services of DPL from May 2022 to March
2025 and Executive Vice President – International in Amsterdam, The Netherlands from
April 2018 to May 2022.
July 2025

5

