purposes of this section, the term "assets" shall mean the equipment, inventory, leasehold interests
and improvements and favorable rights and covenants of the Store, but exclusive of delivery
vehicles. Our option shall commence upon expiration of this Agreement or on the date of
termination as applicable, and shall continue for thirty (30) days thereafter, subject to extension as
provided in this Section. You agree that if the termination is stayed, either by us or by judicial
proceedings, or if we are not permitted to manage the Store pursuant to section 19.8, we will not
be able to exercise our option within the 30 day period and you also agree that under those
circumstances our option to purchase shall be extended, without further notice to you, for an
additional time which shall include the entire time we are unable to exercise our option.
19.2

Formula Price.

The purchase price for these assets shall be equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the first Three
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00) of royalty sales ("Base Amount") of the Store during
the fifty two (52) full weeks immediately preceding the date of termination or expiration plus
twenty-five (25%) of royalty sales in excess of the Base Amount up to Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($500,000.00) ("Second Level Base Amount") during this period plus fifty percent (50%)
of royalty sales in excess of the Second Level Base Amount during this period. The purchase price
shall be allocated among the assets and covenants in the manner prescribed by us.
If the Store has been in operation less than fifty two (52) full weeks, the option price shall
be the documented cost of the Store. The term "cost" shall be defined as your documented
expenditures for the equipment, inventory and leasehold improvements of the Store, but shall not
include any charges for labor performed by you or your family members in connection with the
development of the Store or any undocumented costs.
19.3

Purchase of Commissary.

In the event you operate a commissary in connection with the Store, we shall also have the
option to purchase the assets of the commissary. The purchase price for the assets of the
commissary will be the net book value (based upon a seven year depreciation schedule).
19.4

Deductions From Purchase Price.

In the event we elect to purchase the assets of the Store, the purchase price will be reduced
by:
(a)
the total current and long term liabilities of the Store assumed by us as
described below; and,
(b)
the amount necessary to upgrade and renovate the Store to meet our then
current standards for a Domino's Pizza Store; and,
(c)
our reasonable attorney's fees incurred in connection with enforcing this
Agreement or in securing possession of the Store.
We will assume all current and long term liabilities, whether or not included on your
financial statements up to the amount of the purchase price subject, however, to all defenses
35
SFA – 07/31/2024

