controlling, or under common control or common ownership with Franchisee (or any of its
Owners) or DPF, as the case may be.
The rights and remedies of each party under this Agreement are cumulative, and no
exercise or enforcement by a party of any right or remedy hereunder will preclude the exercise or
enforcement of any other right or remedy hereunder.
22.5

Scope and Modification of Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all
prior and contemporaneous, oral or written, agreements or understandings of the parties regarding
the subject matter of this Agreement, provided that nothing in this Agreement or in any related
agreement is intended to disclaim the representations we made in any franchise disclosure
document we delivered to you in connection with this Agreement. Further, nothing in this
Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to prevent or restrict you from contacting or
communicating with any federal, state or local authorities or agencies about our compliance with
any applicable laws, including franchise laws, or the relationship of the parties under this
Agreement or any related agreement. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge
or cancellation of this Agreement shall affect the right of any party to enforce any claim or right
under this Agreement, whether or not liquidated, which occurred prior to the date of such
modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge or cancellation.
22.6

Governing Law.

The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State in which the Store is located.
22.7

Notices.

All written notices permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions of this
Agreement or of the Operating Manual shall be deemed so delivered when delivered to you or the
Store by: (i) hand delivery; (ii) three (3) days after having been placed in the United States Mail
by Registered or Certified Mail; (iii) one (1) day after being placed in the hands of a commercial
courier service for next day delivery; or (iv) one (1) day after transmission by facsimile or other
electronic system (including via e-mail and including e-mails which you are the only addressee or
one of multiple addressees). Notices delivered pursuant to this section including, without
limitation, e-mail, shall be addressed to us at our most current principal business address or to you
at the most current principal business address, e-mail address or home address of which we have
been notified in writing. You are obligated to provide us with a correct current address for your
home and business and to notify us of any change in address within ten (10) business days. If you
maintain an e-mail address for your business you agree to provide us with your business e-mail
address and notify us of any change in your e-mail address within ten (10) business days. You
understand and agree that providing us with notice of changes in addresses (including e-mail
address) shall be made in the manner provided in this section for giving notices. If you fail to
timely notify us of a change of address (including e-mail, business or home), all notices sent to the
prior address will be deemed properly delivered.

45
SFA – 07/31/2024

