boundaries of your delivery and service area without our prior written consent. When making
deliveries, you and your employees must comply with all laws, regulations and rules of the road
and due care and caution.
Enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals), airports, parks (including theme parks),
sports arenas, convention centers and other facilities or venues where events are scheduled are
excluded from your area of primary responsibility and your delivery and service area, unless
otherwise specified by us in writing. You will have the first option to service such facility if you
meet the legal and/or venue requirements, subject to our approval.
In the event the Store is destroyed or rendered unusable, we may grant permission for the
Store to be repaired, restored or reconstructed at the existing location. Any repair, restoration,
reconstruction or relocation will be at your sole expense. The Store, whether we grant permission
for you to repair, restore, reconstruct or relocate, must be open and operating no later than 6 months
after its closure. In addition, within 10 days of vacating the Store premises, you must make such
reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Store (including signage, menu boards,
job aids, product photos and the like) as we require to fully eliminate its identification and
appearance as a Domino’s Pizza Store.
We may require that you relocate the Store upon renewal of the Franchise.
The Standard Franchise Agreement does not prohibit us or our affiliates from establishing
other franchises or company-owned outlets selling similar products or services under a different
trade name or trademark within your area of primary responsibility or from distributing products
or services offered at Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores through other channels of distribution.
Continuation of your area of primary responsibility does not depend on your achieving a
certain sales volume or market penetration. Provided you are in compliance with the terms of the
Standard Franchise Agreement, only the mutual written agreement of the parties may alter your
area of primary responsibility.
Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement
You may operate the Store only at a location approved by us. You will not receive an
exclusive territory under our Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement. You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands that we control. If you are opening a Domino's Pizza NonTraditional Store, your area of primary responsibility will be the premises of the store.
In the event the Store is destroyed or rendered unusable, we may grant permission for the
Store to be repaired, restored or reconstructed at the existing location. Any repair, restoration,
reconstruction or relocation will be at your sole expense. The Store, whether we grant permission
for you to repair, restore, reconstruct or relocate, must be open and operating no later than 6 months
after its closure. In addition, within 10 days of vacating the Store premises, you must make such
reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Store (including signage, menu boards,

July 2025

44

