Disaggregation of Revenue
Current accounting standards require that companies disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers
into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected
by economic factors. $1.8 million of the Company’s royalties and fees revenues were derived from the American
Territories in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value measurements enable the reader of the consolidated financial statements to assess the inputs used
to develop those measurements by establishing a hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the
information used to determine fair values. The Company classifies and discloses assets and liabilities carried at
fair value in one of the following three categories:
Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.
The fair values of the Company’s restricted cash equivalents are based on quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets.
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s restricted cash
equivalents at December 31, 2023 (in thousands). The Company did not have any restricted cash equivalents at
December 29, 2024.

Restricted cash equivalents

Carrying
Amount

At December 31, 2023
Fair Value Estimated Using
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Inputs
Inputs
Inputs

$ 14,355 $ 14,355 $

— $

—

Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board. There are no accounting pronouncements issued that are expected to have a material impact on
the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Subsequent Events
The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after December 29, 2024 through the date the
consolidated financial statements were available to be issued on March 21, 2025. Based on this evaluation, the
Company determined there were no subsequent events that required recognition or disclosure.

-8-

