1. Grant of License
1.1 Domino's Pizza Distribution LLC ("DPD") grants to License Holder a
limited, nonexclusive license to use executable copies of the software
products listed on attachment A ("Software") at the Domino's Pizza store
owned by License Holder(each, a "Store" and collectively, the "Stores").
License Holder agrees not to move the Software from that address where
it is installed except with the prior written consent of DPD.
DPD shall deliver to License Holder one (1) set of the Software for each
of the Stores, in object code form, including the applicable user
documentation (in either electronic interface, hard copy or other format).
Unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to the Software
herein shall be deemed to refer to and include the applicable user
documentation. DPD, or its designated representative, shall install the
Software on certified hardware either in each Store or at a designated
location from which the hardware with installed Software will be delivered
to a Store. Unless License Holder notifies DPD in writing to the contrary,
License Holder shall be deemed to have accepted the Software ten (10)
days after the Installation Date.
1.2 The Software shall only be used by License Holder in connection with
License Holder's own internal business activities as a Domino's Pizza
franchisee or licensee and only at the Store where the Software is
required or permitted to be used in accordance with this Agreement. For
clarification purposes, the Software shall only be used in connection with
the sale of Domino's Pizza products without the prior written consent of
DPD.
1.3 License Holder may transfer the Software to another Store with
DPD's prior written approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. If
the License Holder was provided with a copy of the Software at a
discounted amount, DPD reserves the right to charge the then current
price of the Software prior to the transfer/sale of the store or Software.
DPD may condition its consent upon License Holder's written certification
that all copies of the Software at the original Store have either been
destroyed or transferred to the new Store.
1.4 License Holder shall not copy the Software, in whole or in part, except
for disaster recovery, program error verification, and for back-up
purposes. License Holder shall maintain and furnish to DPD, upon
reasonable request, competent records of the number and location of all
copies of the Software, in whole or in part.
1.5 License Holder must maintain all proprietary notices imposed by DPD
in the Software, including all copies thereof. License Holder shall not, and
shall not allow any third party, including License Holder's employees, to:
(i) reverse engineer, decompile, modify, adapt, translate, disassemble or
attempt to ascertain or discover any source code or underlying ideas or
algorithms of the Software, merge the Software with any other work or
create derivative works based on the Software; (ii) use or provide the
Software for the benefit of any third party; (iii) reset or disable the Software
except with the prior written consent of DPD; or (iv) except with the prior
written consent of DPD, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, use for
call or order centers. Interfaces and other additional functions that are
external to the Software and its database may be created only with the
prior written consent and at the sole discretion of DPD.
1.6 License Holder may assign this license to a qualified purchaser (as
defined by DPD) of any of the Stores as provided in License Holder's
Franchise Agreement(s) or License Agreement(s) with the written
approval of DPD. There will be no assignment fee due from License
Holder as a result of such assignment. Except as provided in this Section
1.6, License Holder shall not transfer, assign or sublicense its rights or
obligations under this Agreement to any other party, in whole or in part,
without the prior written consent of DPD,

January 2025

which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed. If the
License Holder was provided with a copy of the Software at a discounted
amount, DPD reserves the right to charge the then current price of the
Software prior to the transfer/sale of the store or Software. Any such
prohibited assignment shall be void. In the event of a Store sale or
transfer, DPD reserves the right to issue a new Agreement to the new
franchisee or licensee. If the License Holder is replaced with a new
License Holder but the Controlling Owner remains the same, this
Agreement shall continue and such new License Holder shall assume all
the obligations and rights hereunder,

2. Term; Termination
2.1 The term of the Agreement shall commence upon acceptance of this
Agreement by DPD at its offices in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and shall
continue until (i) License Holder is no longer a Domino's Pizza franchisee
or licensee and ceases using the Software; (ii) DPD gives written notice
that Domino's Pulse is no longer the appropriate computer system for use
in all domestic Domino's Pizza stores and License Holder ceases using
the Software after that notice; or (iii) Domino's Pulse (or a potential
successor or substitute system as designated by DPD, which may be
based on similar or entirely different methodologies or technology) is no
longer used in a majority of company-owned stores, and upon License
Holder ceasing to use the Software.
2.2 Either party may terminate this agreement in the event of any material
breach by the other party which material breach is not cured within thirty
(30) days after receipt of written notice of such material breach, except as
otherwise provided in Section 4.3
2.3 DPD may terminate this Agreement in the event of nonpayment by
License Holder of the fees and charges described below in section 3, if
such breach is not cured within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice.
2.4 This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon (a) License
Holder's bankruptcy or insolvency; (b) the cessation of License Holder's
business operations as a Domino's Pizza franchisee or licensee; (c) for
any individual Store, the termination or expiration and nonrenewal of the
Franchise Agreement or License Agreement for the operation of the Store
where the Software is required to be used in accordance with this
Agreement; or (d) for the reasons set out below in section 4.3.
2.5 Upon any termination of the Agreement, License Holder shall within
thirty (30) days return the Software to DPD or, at DPD's direction, destroy
the Software, including user documentation, and shall also warrant in
writing that all copies and partial copies have been returned to DPD or
have been destroyed. The provisions of this Agreement relating to title
and nondisclosure as set forth in Section 4 shall survive any termination
of this Agreement. This provision does not require License Holder to
destroy License Holder's data and records but License Holder may not
retain any customer data, including, but not limited to, customer
information and order history. License Holder may copy and retain
License Holder's records and data.
2.6 License Holder will not be in default under its Domino's Pizza
Franchise Agreement or License Agreement for failing to use Domino's
Pulse if: (i) License Holder validly terminates this Agreement according to
section 2.2; or, (ii) DPD terminates this Agreement as a result of a claim
of infringement by a third party after DPD determines that it is not
commercially reasonable to procure the right for License Holder to
continue to use the Software, or replace or modify the Software so as to
make it noninfringing pursuant to section 5.2; or, (iii) License Holder is
enjoined or prohibited by law or regulation from using the Software
through no fault of License Holder.

2

