highest standards of ethical advertising and be consistent with the then current image and policies
and obligations relating to advertising and promotional programs of a Domino's Pizza Store. In
the event Your Advertising, in our judgment, is deemed to be inappropriate in any way, you shall
immediately terminate or remove Your Advertising upon receipt of notice from us. We do not
assume any of your duties and responsibilities related to Your Advertising.
14.

RECORDS AND REPORTS.
14.1

Bookkeeping and Recordkeeping.

You agree to establish and retain a bookkeeping, recordkeeping, computer and point of sale
system (including a record of the names, addresses, telephone numbers and order history of the
customers in your Store all in form and format designated by us) conforming to the requirements
prescribed by us, relating, without limitation, to the use and retention of daily sales information,
counts of pizza types and other approved menu items sold, coupons, purchase orders, purchase
invoices, payroll records, check stubs, bank statements, sales tax records and returns, cash receipts
and disbursements, checks and credit card sales, journals and general ledgers, including any
comparable electronically generated information or any supporting records or materials we may
require or prescribe. You agree to retain all business records and reports (whether paper or
electronically generated) relating to the Store in accordance with record retention policies and
guidelines prescribed by us, from time to time, and for the time limits required by all applicable
laws, ordinances and regulations. You also agree to maintain an emergency back up order taking
system and other back up operational procedures identified by us in accordance with policies and
procedures we may prescribe from time to time. You agree that we shall have full access, either
on-site or from a remote location, to all of your computer data, equipment and systems containing
any and all of the information, records and reports required by this Section 14.1 or any other
provision of this Agreement or any other agreement with our affiliates. In addition, you agree to
provide us with access to all such data, equipment and systems to facilitate the exchange of
information you are required to provide us under this Agreement. Any information provided by
you shall be used by us in a lawful manner.
14.2

Sales Reports and Financial Statements.

You agree to submit to us, in accordance with requirements prescribed by us from time to
time and in a format which we may designate from time to time:
(a)
with the royalty fee due, a weekly report of the sales of the Store and
all other information and supporting records as we may require;
(b)

within sixty (60) days of the end of each fiscal year of the Store:

(i)
a statement of cash flow and cash on hand, an unaudited
balance sheet as of the end of the year and an unaudited annual statement of
profit and loss and financial condition of the Store prepared on an accrual
basis;
(ii)
if you are a corporation, partnership or other approved entity,
a statement of cash flow and cash on hand, an unaudited balance sheet as of
20
NTA – 04/01/2025

