DOMINO'S PIZZA FRANCHISING LLC
NON-TRADITIONAL STORE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
This Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement, including the Covenants of Owners (this
"Agreement") is being entered into between Domino's Pizza Franchising LLC, a Delaware liability
company ("we", "DPF" or "us" in this Agreement), and

"you" or "franchisee" in this Agreement). If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or other entity approved by us (the "Approved Entity"), the term "owners" in this
Agreement shall refer to your shareholders, affiliates, partners, members or other interest holders.
Unless otherwise approved by DPF, the term "Controlling Person" refers to the person who owns
fifty one percent (51%) or more of: the general partnership interest of such partnership; the equity
and voting power of all classes of the issued and outstanding capital stock of such corporation; the
membership interests of such limited liability company or the voting and ownership interests of
such other entity.
1.

INTRODUCTION.

We are in the business of franchising retail outlets specializing in the sale of pizza and
other authorized food and beverage products and featuring carry out and delivery services. We
grant franchises for the sale of Domino's Pizza and other authorized products and services at or
from non-traditional locations and venues, alternative sites and mobile stores (individually or
collectively known as "Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store(s)"). These outlets collectively are
known as "Domino's Pizza" stores and conduct business under a uniform business format, with
specially designed equipment, computer hardware and software designated by us, and
specifications for the preparation and sale of pizza and certain authorized food products (the
"Domino's System"). We have obtained the license to use and the right to sublicense the use of
certain valuable trademarks, service marks and commercial symbols in connection with the
operation of Domino's Pizza Stores including the mark "Domino's Pizza."
You have applied to us for a franchise to operate a Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store
at the location identified in this Agreement using the trademarks, service marks and commercial
symbols as we may approve or designate from time designate (the "Marks.") Your application has
been approved by us in reliance upon all of the representations made in your application including
those concerning your financial resources, your other investments and interests and the manner in
which the franchise will be owned and operated.
You understand and agree that the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement are
necessary to maintain our high standards of quality and service and the uniformity of those
standards.
You understand that a Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store is intended to serve a certain
niche market by offering carry-out service only, with dine in facilities only at such times and
locations as we may from time to time approve in advance. Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Stores
do not offer delivery services.
7
NTA – 04/01/2025

