the compromise. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of breach or compromise
and all duties to monitor credit histories and transactions concerning your customers. Without
limiting the generality of other provisions of this Agreement, you agree to defend, indemnify and
hold us and our affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, duties,
obligations, damages, fines and/or penalties imposed upon you as a result of non-compliance with
the Payment Card Industry requirements.
You and your owners acknowledge that Executive Order 13224 (the "Executive Order")
prohibits transactions with terrorists and terrorist organizations and that the government of the
United States has adopted and may in the future adopt other anti-terrorism measures (the "AntiTerrorism Measures"). You certify that neither you or your owners nor any of your employees,
affiliates or any other person or entity associated with the Store is: (1) a person or entity listed in
the Annex to the Executive Order; (2) a person or entity otherwise determined pursuant to the
Executive Order to have committed acts of terrorism or to pose a significant risk of committing
acts of terrorism (such a person or entity and those persons and entities listed in the Annex to the
Executive Order are referred to herein as "Terrorists"); (3) a person or entity who assists, sponsors
or who supports Terrorists or acts of Terrorism ("Sponsors of Terrorism"); or (4) owned or
controlled by Terrorists or Sponsors of Terrorism. Furthermore, you covenant that neither you or
your owners, nor any of your employees, affiliates or any other person or entity associated with
the Store shall, during the term of this Agreement, become a person or entity described in clause
(1), (2) or (3) above, or shall otherwise become a target of any Anti-Terrorism Measures. Should
you or any of your owners, employees, affiliates, or any person or entity associated with the Store,
violate the provisions of this paragraph, we will have the right to immediately terminate this
Agreement.
15.3

Pricing.

We reserve the right, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, to establish
maximum, minimum, or other pricing requirements with respect to the prices you may charge for
products and services, including pricing we prescribe from time to time for any national, regional
or local advertising or promotion.
15.4

Operating Manual.

We will loan to you during the term of the franchise one or more copies of an operating
manual or operational bulletins or similar materials containing mandatory and suggested
specifications, standards and operating procedures and rules prescribed from time to time by us
and information relative to your other obligations under this Agreement and the operation of the
Store (the "Operating Manual"). We will provide you with a manual or access to an electronic
copy of the Operating Manual. The entire contents of the Operating Manual will remain
confidential and is proprietary to us and our affiliates. We will have the right to add to and
otherwise modify the Operating Manual from time to time, if deemed necessary to improve the
standards of service or product quality or the efficient operation of the Store, to protect or maintain
the goodwill associated with the Marks, to take advantage of advancements in technology, or to
meet competition. No such addition or modification, however, shall alter your fundamental status
and rights under this Agreement. The provisions of the Operating Manual as modified from time
to time, including the mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures and rules
24
NTA – 04/01/2025

