DPL entered into a beverage marketing agreement with The Coca-Cola Company with an
effective date of January 1, 2025 for a term ending the later of December 31, 2030 or until such
time as certain volume commitments are reached which entitles franchised and company-owned
locations to qualify for volume incentive funding based upon the number of cases of Coca-Cola
beverage products purchased from participating Coca-Cola bottlers. The Coca-Cola Company has
also agreed to pay DPL certain fixed funding along with variable funds for national marketing,
media programs and promotions under the terms of the beverage marketing agreement. Coca-Cola
beverages has been designated as the company standard for beverages for sale at Domino’s Pizza
Stores. Although franchisees can only offer Coca-Cola beverages at their Domino’s Pizza Stores,
they can purchase these products from any supplier or retailer, including participating Coca-Cola
bottlers.
DPL, DNAF and DP IP Holder entered into a co-promotion agreement with Dairy
Management Inc., a company dedicated to promoting the dairy industry and dairy products on
behalf of dairy products, for a term commencing on January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025,
which entitles DNAF and DPL to receive payments to fund dairy-centric initiatives.
DPL entered into a marketing agreement with Paypal, Inc. with an effective date of
November 1, 2023 for a term ending no later than December 31, 2024 to establish promotional
campaigns in which customers can get discounts on Domino’s when ordering with VenmoPay on
Domino’s eCommerce channels. Venmo has agreed to fund implementation costs for VenmoPay,
as well as reimbursement for promotional offers redeemed by Domino’s customers tied to
VenmoPay within marketing funding limits established for 2023 and 2024. This is no longer an
active partnership in 2025.
DPL entered into a service agreement with Mercury Fulfillment Systems Inc. with a term
ending September 25, 2028 to source, inventory, manage and fulfill requests for marketing
merchandise. Mercury Fulfillment Systems Inc. has agreed to pay an annual percentage rebate to
DPL based on revenue collected from purchases of branded merchandise.
DPL entered into a Master Framework Agreement with Portier (d/b/a Uber Eats) with a
term ending January 31, 2027 to allow DPL and its franchisees to receive customer orders placed
through the Uber Eats Platform. The Agreement allows DPL to receive payments for orders
coming through the Uber Eats platform.
DNAF entered into a marketing agreement with Netflix, Inc. with an effective date of
October 1, 2024 for a term commencing on February 28, 2025 for a promotional campaign in
conjunction with the Netflix show Squid Games. Netflix agreed to match the difference of Netflix
ad buy commitment to Domino’s off channel media support commitment. These funds were
received in 2024 and there is no additional funding that will be received in 2025.
DNAF entered into a marketing agreement with Deutsch & Sons Ltd. d/b/a Deutsch Family
Wine & Spirits with an effective date of November 1, 2024 through March 31, 2025 for Domino’s
co-branded Yellow Tail wine. Deutsch Family agreed to a fixed fee with this partnership, in which

July 2025

28

