We may terminate the Development Agreement, including your territorial rights, upon
notice to you if (a) you do not meet the Development Requirements described in Section 4 of the
Development Agreement; (b) you or your owners do not comply with any other provision of the
Development Agreement; (c) any Domino’s Pizza Development Agreement or Franchise
Agreement with any entity that you or your Controlling Person directly or indirectly, owns in
whole or in part, is terminated by us in accordance with its terms; (d) you and your owners fail to
maintain the financial capacity and necessary skills and experience to meet the Development
Requirements and timely develop and operate the Stores required to be opened and operated under
this Agreement based upon criteria established by us from time to time; or (e) the Controlling
Person of the Developer under the Development Agreement is not at any time the Controlling
Person of all approved entities operating Stores in the Development Area.
The termination of your Development Agreement will not alter your territorial protection
for the Stores you develop as a franchisee. The Development Agreement does not prohibit us or
our affiliates from establishing other franchises or company-owned outlets selling similar products
or services under a different trade name or trademark within your development area or from
distributing products or services offered at Domino's Pizza Stores through other channels of
distribution. Only the mutual written agreement of the parties may alter your development area.
Traditional Store Standard Franchise Agreement
You may operate the Store only at a location approved by us. You will not receive an
exclusive territory under our Traditional Store Franchise Agreement. You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control. You will be assigned an area of primary responsibility. The
boundaries of the area of primary responsibility will be inserted in the Standard Franchise
Agreement when it is signed. The area of primary responsibility will generally be a 1 mile radius
around the Store, a 1 mile radius from a street intersection or a written description equivalent to a
1 mile radius, except that in densely populated areas, it generally will be a ½ mile radius. During
the term of the Standard Franchise Agreement, neither we nor our affiliates will operate or grant a
franchise for a Store whose area of primary responsibility overlaps your area of primary
responsibility.
When the Standard Franchise Agreement is signed, we will define the parameters of the
delivery and service area in accordance with our policy. You may periodically be assigned
boundaries in which the Domino's Pizza Traditional Store may not offer delivery service. We have
the right, in our sole discretion, to adjust the size of your delivery and service area to account for
changes in market conditions, population changes or other considerations. During approved hours
of operation, you must offer delivery to customers within your delivery and service area according
to the rules we periodically establish. You are not required to offer delivery in areas which might
present a danger to you or any of your employees. However, you will remain solely responsible
for investigating and reviewing periodically, but not less than annually, any decisions by you to
limit your delivery area for safety reasons, subject to the procedures and standards we may
prescribe from time to time, and for obtaining and maintaining information that supports your
decisions to limit delivery service. You understand and agree that you may not change the
July 2025

43

