7. Support Services
7.1 License Holder shall enter into an agreement with DPD, one of its
affiliates or a third party supplier certified by DPD for Help Desk and
Software support services, during the term of this Agreement, or for such
other shorter period of time as DPD may agree. License Holder
acknowledges that in order to obtain full benefit of the Help Desk and
Support Services, License Holder shall not have modified the Software,
failed to incorporate in the Software any updates which DPD has provided
to License Holder, or failed to use the then currently support version(s) of
the Software.
License Holder may negotiate directly with any Help Desk and Support
Service certified by DPD. DPD will, however, attempt to obtain the best
prices and cost structures for Help Desk Services by negotiating with
providers based on, among other things, volume discounts, and License
Holder agrees not to unreasonably impair DPD's ability to do so.

8. Dispute Resolution
8.1 The parties desire to resolve disputes arising out of this Agreement
without litigation. Accordingly, except for action seeking injunctive relief
related to the purposes of this Agreement, or suit to compel compliance
with this dispute resolution process, the parties agree to use the following
alternative dispute resolution procedure as their sole remedy with respect
to any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
its breach.
8.2 At the written request of a party, each party will appoint a
knowledgeable, responsible nonlawyer business representative to meet
and negotiate in good faith to resolve any dispute arising under this
Agreement. The location, format, frequency, duration, and conclusion of
these discussions shall be left to the discretion of the representatives.
Upon agreement, the representatives may utilize other alternative dispute
resolution procedures such as mediation to assist in the negotiations.
Discussions and correspondence among the representatives for
purposes of these negotiations shall be treated as confidential information
developed for purposes of settlement, exempt from discovery and
production, which shall not be admissible in the arbitration described
below or in any lawsuit without the concurrence of all parties. Documents
identified in or provided with such communications, which are not
prepared for purposes of the negotiations, are not so exempted, and may,
if otherwise admissible, be admitted in evidence in the arbitration or
lawsuit.
8.3 If the negotiations do not resolve the dispute within sixty (60) days of
the initial written request, or such other period of time as agreed to by the
parties but not to exceed 180 days, the dispute shall be submitted to
binding arbitration by a single arbitrator selected pursuant to the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. A
party may demand such arbitration in accordance with the procedures set
out in those rules. The provisions of this Agreement shall control in the
event there is any conflict between this Agreement and the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Discovery shall
be controlled by the arbitrator and shall be permitted to the extent set out
in this section. Each party may submit in writing to a party, and that party
shall so respond, to a maximum of any combination of thirty-five (35)
(none of which may have subparts) of the following: interrogatories,
demands to produce documents, and requests for admission. Each party
is also entitled to take the oral deposition of one individual of another
party. Additional discovery may be permitted upon mutual agreement of
the parties. The arbitration hearing shall be commenced within sixty (60)
days of the demand for arbitration. The arbitration shall be held in Ann
Arbor, Michigan. The arbitrator shall control the scheduling so as to
process the matter expeditiously. The parties may submit written briefs.
The arbitrator shall rule on the dispute by issuing a written opinion
within thirty (30) days
after the close of

January 2025

hearings. The arbitrator shall follow the law of the State of Michigan
without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The times specified in this
section may be extended upon mutual agreement of the parties or by the
arbitrator upon a showing of good cause. In no event shall an award in an
arbitration initiated under this section exceed the Limitations on Liability
set out above in section 6 and no award shall include any equitable relief.
Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in
any court having jurisdiction within one year from the date of the award,
subject to either party's right to apply to the court to vacate the award
within 21 days after delivery of a copy of the award to the applicant.
On application of a party, the court shall vacate an award if: (i) the award
was procured by corruption, fraud, or other undue means; (ii) there was
evident partiality or misconduct prejudicing a party's rights;
(iii) the arbitrator exceeded his or her powers (including a material error
in law or failure to give a fair and plain meaning to the License
Agreement); or (iv) the arbitrator refused to postpone the hearing on a
showing of sufficient cause, refused to hear evidence material to the
controversy, or otherwise conducted the hearing to prejudice substantially
a party's rights.
8.4 Each party shall bear its own costs of the procedures set out in section
8.2 and 8.3. A party seeking discovery pursuant to the procedures in
section 8.3 shall reimburse the responding party for the costs of
production of documents (including search time and reproduction costs).
The parties shall equally split the fees of the arbitration and of the
arbitrator provided for in subsection 8.3. If any action is brought seeking
injunctive relief related to the purposes of this Agreement, or to compel
compliance with this dispute resolution process, as contemplated by
section 8.1, the prevailing party in such an action shall be entitled to an
award of its reasonable attorney's fees and costs of litigation.

9. Transfer of Data
License Holder agrees that DPD is merely accepting data from License
Holder as it exists on License Holder's computer system, without
independent review or verification, and that DPD has no duty to do so. By
accepting data from License Holder's system DPD is not approving the
customer addresses as being within License Holder's Delivery and
Service Area. Nothing herein shall prevent Domino's Pizza Franchising
LLC ("DPF") or its affiliates, successor or assigns from strictly enforcing
all of the terms of the Franchise Agreement or License Agreement for the
Store. License Holder waives any claim that DPD has breached any duty
disclaimed by DPD in this paragraph.

10. License Holder's Indemnity
License Holder, at its own cost, shall indemnify and defend DPD and its
affiliates and their respective agents, officers, directors, employees,
successors and assigns against any and all suits, proceedings, hearings,
investigations, charges, complaints, claims, demands, injunctions,
judgments, orders, rulings, damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts
paid in settlement, liabilities, obligations, taxes, expenses, and fees,
including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses (as
same are incurred) which arise out of or in connection with:
(a) a claim or threatened claim which is or may be brought by any third
party, which is based in whole, or in part, upon an assertion that this
Agreement infringes upon, or interferes with, the contractual relationship
or other rights between such third party and License Holder;

4

