Currently, we grant single store franchises only to applicants who have recently been a
successful general manager of a Store for at least 12 months. Multi-unit franchises can be granted
to candidates who have been a successful Store supervisor or above for at least 12 months, at our
sole discretion. The applicant also must have completed certain classes we require as set forth in
the chart above. You must complete all training programs and classes to our satisfaction. Some
training may be provided by the store manager or franchisee for whom you worked prior to the
time you applied for a franchise. We may from time to time accelerate or modify the basic
eligibility and training requirements at our discretion based on your operational experience and
business acumen. We require that the Controlling Person own 51% or more of the Store. There
are also minimum net worth and liquidity requirements depending on the number of Stores to be
developed or purchased. The Controlling Person of a Domino’s Pizza franchise may not have
financial or operational involvement in another business outside of their Domino’s Pizza business,
without our prior written approval which may be withheld in our sole judgment. There are
additional factors that will be considered while reviewing a franchise application.
Franchisees are responsible for training all of their managers and team members.
Once all of the required training has been completed to our satisfaction, the franchise
candidate will have 1 year to acquire a franchise otherwise they could be required to attend some
or all of the programs as deemed necessary by us, at our sole discretion.

Item 12: Territory
Development Agreement
We have a program for the development of Domino's Pizza Stores in markets in which we
have determined, based on studies, to be appropriate for the development of additional Domino's
Pizza Stores. We may sign the Development Agreement with franchisees who are given the
opportunity to further develop these markets.
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement. You may
face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands we control. You will receive a development area in which to
develop the Stores. Neither we nor our affiliates will operate or grant a franchise for a Store other
than to you within this development area during the term of the Development Agreement (unless
earlier terminated). The development area, which is outlined on a map, and a corresponding
written description is attached to the Development Agreement when it is signed. Enclosed malls,
institutions (such as hospitals), airports, parks (including theme parks), sports arenas, convention
centers and other facilities or venues where events are scheduled are excluded from the area
granted. You will have the first option to service such facility if you meet the legal and/or venue
requirements, subject to our approval. The number of Stores you must open each year under the
Development Agreement will be inserted when the Development Agreement is signed and will be
based, in part, upon the market potential of the development area but must be for a minimum of 1
Store. Each Store location must be approved by us.
July 2025

42

