by us or our affiliates in connection with Domino's Pizza Stores owned and operated by us or our
affiliates. The rental under the lease for the initial five (5) year term shall be the fair rental value
of the property as determined by an independent appraiser selected in the manner described above.
The rental shall be modified during the second five (5) year option term by the percentage that the
National Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earnings and Clerical Workers as determined by
the United States Department of Labor for the region in which the Store is located (or a comparable
index if such Index is not then being issued) has increased or decreased from the commencement
date of the initial term until the last day of the initial term of the lease.
19.7

Closing.

The closing shall occur within thirty (30) days after we exercise our option to purchase the
assets and/or real property or such later date as may be necessary to comply with applicable bulk
sales or similar laws. At the closing, we both agree to execute and deliver all documents necessary
to vest title in the purchased assets and/or real property in us free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances, except those assumed by us and/or to effectuate the lease of the Store premises.
You also agree to provide us with all information necessary to close the transaction. We reserve
the right to assign our option to purchase the Store or commissary, if any, operated in connection
with the Store (and the real property to the extent applicable) or designate a substitute purchaser
for the Store. We agree, however, to be responsible for and shall guarantee payment of any
deferred portion of the purchase price as provided in Section 19.5 of this Agreement in the event
we designate a substitute purchaser of the assets of the Store. If you do not execute and deliver
any documents required, by execution of this Agreement you irrevocably appoint us as your lawful
attorney-in-fact with full power and authority to execute and deliver in your name all these
documents. You also agree to ratify and confirm all of our acts as your lawful attorney in fact and
to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, liabilities, losses or damages suffered by us in
so doing.
19.8

Operation During Option Period.

We will have the right, upon written notice to you, to manage, or designate one of our
affiliates to manage, the Store during the period in which we have the option to purchase the Store
as provided in section 19.1 and for the period following the exercise of our option and prior to the
closing, on the same terms and conditions as described in Section 21.7.
19.9

Formula Price.

The parties agree that the formula price described in this Section 19 is the agreed upon
method of arriving at a price for the assets of the Store in the event we exercise the option contained
in this Section 19 and is not to be deemed a conclusive indication of the value of the Store under
other circumstances or where an agreement to purchase the Store has been negotiated by you or
your owners.

37
SFA – 07/31/2024

