Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia,
Washington, or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us,
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
CALIFORNIA:
DISCLOSURES REGARDING THE CALIFORNIA FAST FOOD ACT (CALIFORNIA
ASSEMBLY BILL 1228)
1. The following language is added to the end of Item 1:
To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly Bill 1228,
codified at Cal. Lab. Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”). The Fast Food Act
establishes: (a) a minimum wage of $20 per hour for certain fast food restaurant
employees effective April 1, 2024; and (b) a Fast Food Council (the “Council”),
which is authorized to adopt fast food restaurant standards for wages, working
hours and other working conditions, including health and safety standards and
training. The Council has the authority, subject to state agency review, to annually
raise the minimum wage by up to 3.5% from January 1, 2025 through December
31, 2028, depending on the increases in the cost of living from year to year.
2. The following language is added to the end of Items 5, 6, and 11:
We currently do not provide any training or assistance related to, or charge any
initial or ongoing fees related to, the development or implementation of any
standards, policies, or procedures that may be required under the Fast Food Act. It
is solely your responsibility to determine whether the Fast Food Act applies to your
Store and, to the extent it does apply, to comply with the Fast Food Act when
developing and constructing your restaurant, operating your Store, and training and
supervising your employees.
3. The following language is added to the end of Item 7:
Since the Council has not, as of the date of this Disclosure Document, issued any
standards under the Fast Food Act dealing with working conditions, we are unable
to estimate the effects any such standards might have on the estimated initial
investment.

July 2025

81

