available to you. Further, the amount we charge for upgrading and renovating the Store will not
exceed one and one-half percent (1-1/2%) of the royalty sales of the Store from the date of opening
to the date of termination or expiration reduced by an amount equal to the total expenditures made
by you for renovation and upgrading of the Store at our request up to the date of termination or
expiration.
19.5

Payment of Purchase Price.

The balance of the purchase price, after deductions described above will be payable as
follows: ten percent (10%) of the balance at the time of closing and the remainder in sixty (60)
equal monthly installments of principal plus interest at a rate of interest per annum equal to the
prime lending rate charged by Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York (or other bank or
financial institution we may designate) determined as of the closing date with annual adjustments
based on the prime rate charged on each anniversary date. The first payment will be due on the
first day of the second succeeding calendar month following closing and the remaining payments
on the first day of each month thereafter. On the first payment date, interest from the date of
closing shall also be paid. If we elect to pay the entire purchase price at closing, we shall have the
right to escrow such portion of the purchase price as we deem appropriate for a period of six (6)
months to cover liabilities of the Store. We shall notify you of claims asserted by creditors of the
Store against the escrow monies. You shall have forty-eight (48) hours to settle any claim with
such creditor prior to disbursement of funds from the escrow. If there is a good faith dispute
between you and a creditor of the Store, you shall have thirty (30) days to reach a settlement with
any such creditor as to the amount owed before we will disburse any escrow monies to such
creditor. If you are unable to resolve the discrepancy with the creditor within the thirty (30) day
period, we shall have the right to use the escrow monies to satisfy the claim of any such creditor.
At the end of such six (6) month period, any remaining purchase price shall be remitted to you
along with a statement prepared by us indicating the manner in which these funds were expended.
19.6

Real Property.

(a) In the event you or your owners own the real property on which the Store or
commissary is located, and such property is not a multi-tenant unit, we will also have the exclusive
option to purchase this property. We shall exercise this option within the same period of time as
provided in section 19.1, as that time may be extended. The purchase price will be the fair market
value as determined by an independent appraiser selected by both of us. If we cannot agree on an
independent appraiser, we each shall select an independent appraiser who shall select a third
independent appraiser. The independent appraiser selected by our appraisers shall determine the
fair market value of the real property and his determination shall be final and binding on the parties,
provided, in the event the independent appraiser does not render its appraisal within ninety (90)
days of selection, the appraisal shall be made by the appraiser we have selected. The purchase
price will be payable in full at the closing minus customary prorations including the pay-off of
existing mortgage liens.
(b) If we do not elect to purchase the real property, or if the property is in a multi-tenant
unit, we or our designee will have the option to enter into a lease for a term of not less than five
(5) years with an option by the lessee to extend the term of the lease for an additional term of five
(5) years. The lease shall contain the terms and conditions contained in the form of lease then used
36
SFA – 07/31/2024

