your obligations under this Agreement or with any specification, standard or operating procedure
or rule will not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Agreement.
22.2

Cost of Enforcement.

If any legal or equitable action is commenced, either to challenge, interpret, or to secure or
protect our rights under or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, in addition to any judgment
entered in our favor, we shall be entitled to recover such reasonable attorney's fees as we or anyone
acting on our behalf may have incurred together with court costs and expenses of litigation.
22.3

Indemnification of DPF.

If we or any of our subsidiary or affiliated companies or any of our or their agents or
employees are required to produce records or testify at trial or in deposition or are subjected to any
claim, demand or penalty or become a party to any suit or other judicial or administrative
proceeding brought by any person or persons (including your employee or prior employee) or any
other person or entity by reason of any claimed act or omission by you, your employees or agents,
or by reason of any act or omission occurring on the Store premises, or in your delivery service
area, or while on the way to or from the delivery service area, by reason of an act or omission with
respect to the business or operation of the Store, including but not limited to acts or omissions
arising out of the maintenance or use of a motor vehicle or while making a delivery or returning
from making a delivery, or any limitations on delivery service, you shall defend and indemnify
and hold us, our subsidiary and affiliated companies, or any of our or their agents or employees,
harmless against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorney's fees,
court costs and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed
on us, our subsidiary and affiliated companies, or any of our or their agents or employees, in
connection with the testimony, production, investigation or defense relating to such claim or
litigation or administrative proceeding. Your indemnification obligations described above will
continue in full force and effect after, and notwithstanding, the expiration or termination of this
Agreement.
22.4

Construction and Severability.

Section headings are for convenience only and shall not limit the enforceability or
obligations contained therein. All references in this Agreement to the singular shall include the
plural where applicable, and all references to the masculine shall include the feminine and
vice-versa. If any part of this Agreement for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision
shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect.
If any applicable law or rule requires a greater prior notice of the termination of or election not to
renew this Agreement, or the taking of some other action than is required under this Agreement,
the prior notice or other requirements required by this law or rule shall be substituted for the
requirements of this Agreement. If any covenant in this Agreement which restricts competitive
activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area, business activity,
prohibited and/or length of time, but would be enforceable by reducing any part or all thereof, the
parties agree that same shall be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public
policies applied in the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "affiliate or affiliates" shall mean any entity or entities controlled by,
44
SFA – 07/31/2024

