9.

All goodwill associated with the Stores;

10.

A functional credit card processing system, along with all processing equipment, including
modem and the use of phone lines and numbers necessary or useful to use the equipment;
and

11.

Assignment of the real estate leases for the premises where the Stores are located, but only
for the remainder of the current term, substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

A general summary of these items is set out on Exhibit A and the parties agree that Exhibit A may be
attached to the Bill of Sale and other documents as a general description of the property and rights being
sold and transferred hereunder, but failure to do so shall not affect the validity of the sale.
B.

The following assets of the Stores shall be excluded from the sale:
1.

Accounts receivable of the Stores; and

2.

Any assets or rights of Seller not directly used in the Stores.

C.

As of the close of business on____________, Seller and Buyer shall prepare a written schedule
setting forth a full and complete identification and count of all items comprising the assets to be
sold as described in the foregoing paragraph A of this Article II. Upon its completion, the
schedule shall be attached as Exhibit B and incorporated herein by reference as the description
of the Assets to be sold. Exhibit B, along with Exhibit A, may also be attached to the Bill of
Sale but failure to do so shall not affect the validity of the sale.

D.

At the Closing, in consideration of the sale of the Assets by Seller to the Buyer, Buyer shall
deliver to Seller, unless the same has already occurred, the following:
1.

Standard Franchise Agreements with Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC (“Franchise
Agreements”) and related covenants for the Stores, signed by Buyer and the Buyer’s owners;

2.

Buyer’s written assumption of the obligations under the contracts listed on Exhibit I, and the
signed Bill of Sale;

3.

Proof of insurance coverage as required by this Agreement or the Franchise Agreements for
the Stores;

4.

A certificate of incumbency and board of director and shareholder resolutions from the
Buyer < or members and managers or shareholders and directors>, executed by the
<President or Managing Member> of Buyer, certifying the due authorization to enter this
transaction and the names of the persons having authority to do so; and

5.

A signed copy of the assignments of the lease for the premises where the Stores are located,
in the form of Exhibit D;

E.

At the closing hereof Seller shall deliver possession of the Assets to Buyer unless the same
has already occurred and in addition, shall deliver to Buyer the following:
1.

An assignment of any contract which Buyer has agreed to assume, in the form of Exhibit E
and an authorization to use the telephone numbers for the Stores, in the form of Exhibit J,
subject to Seller’s rights under the Franchise Agreement;

2.

A bill of sale, in the form of Exhibit F, conveying the Assets to Buyer;

3.

Signed copies of the assignments of leases for the Stores’ premises, substantially in the form
of Exhibit D; and

4.

Copies of the Franchise Agreements signed by Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC.

2

