PULSE License Agreement you will also be required to sign a Participation Agreement with
Microsoft which is a sublicense of certain Microsoft software that is part of Domino’s PULSE.
The Microsoft Participation Agreement is Attachment C to the Domino’s PULSE Software
License Agreement (Please see Exhibit J to this disclosure document). Help desk and support
services providers may also require you to sign an agreement for their services.
You will be required to enter into a Domino’s Pizza Online Ordering Franchisee Services
Agreement with DPL, the form attached as Exhibit O, for online ordering services. You will be
responsible for the fees and charges associated with your use of online ordering and the requisite
internet usage and connections, including the fees charged by the service provider. Currently the
fees are $0.375 per transaction and are subject to increase each year.
As noted in Items 6 and 7, we may develop or contract with third parties to develop
Additional Order Systems. These may become mandatory at any time during the term of the
Franchise Agreement and may require you to spend money to add or replace equipment, wiring,
hardware and software; to pay licensing fees, support and maintenance fees, fees paid to third
parties; to incur other costs, and to sign agreements with third parties. You must also comply with
all standards, operations and procedures related to e-mail capabilities of the Store and other
electronic communication methods (including high-speed broadband connectivity, high-speed
broadband monitoring, and methods and means of encryption and access to our network resources)
and devices to facilitate communication with us or our offices, including the exchange of
information between the Store and us. You currently must participate in an Additional Order
System provided by a designated third-party vendor.
As previously noted in Item 6, you will be required to accept and process applications for
store-level positions through an online platform provided by SmartRecruiters under a contractual
agreement with SmartRecruiters. SmartRecruiters bills DPD for the use of the SmartRecruiters
online platform and you must make annual payments every October to DPD to utilize this service.
Currently, this amount is $432 annually per Store. You will have full discretion to determine and
control the contents of the online platform and are solely responsible for making hiring and other
employment decisions for your store(s). You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance
with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances. You may accept applications for storelevel positions through other methods as an accommodation of an applicant's disability or as
otherwise required by applicable laws, rules, regulations, or ordinances. We will not have access
to the content (including applicant information) you maintain on this online platform.
You are required to participate in the Domino’s Pizza Gift Card Program and obtain and
use Gift Cards, transaction processors and related services, from vendors approved by us and pay
the fees associated with the Gift Card Program. The Gift Card is an electronic cash card available
for purchase and redemption at Domino’s Pizza stores and online, for use as a payment method
for food and beverage purchases. Customers may also increase, replenish or restore balances
available on the Gift Card at any Domino’s Pizza store if we so designate. We will debit or credit
your bank account for the net amount of Gift Card purchases / balance increases and redemption
transactions. The funds collected are not and will not be the asset of any franchisee. You must
obtain and use gift cards and transaction processors, including internet or other connections, from
vendors designated by us. You will also be required to use the designated transaction processor
July 2025

26

