MARYLAND:
1. The following language is added to the end of Item 5:
Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities
Commissioner has required financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and
payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred until the franchisor completes its
pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement.
In addition, all
development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be deferred until
the first franchise under the development agreement opens.
2. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c),
entitled Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions
for franchisor approval of transfer:
Any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not
apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law.
3. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(g),
entitled “Cause” defined –defaults which cannot be cured:
Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy
law (11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable.
4.

The following language is added to the end of the chart in Item 17:

You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
MINNESOTA:
1.
The following language is added to the table in Item 17 at the end of the Summary
Section of Provision (v) entitled Choice of Forum:
Minn. Stat. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400(J) prohibit us from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or
requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment
notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or agreement(s)
can abrogate or reduce (1) any of your rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. 80C or
(2) your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
jurisdiction.
2.
The following language is hereby added to the table in Item 17 at the end of the
Summary Section of Provision (w) entitled Choice of Law:
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, DPF will comply with Minn.
Stat. Sec. 80C.14 Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases,
July 2025

83

