20.5

Owners of Approved Entity.

If you are an Approved Entity, the owners, by executing this Agreement, shall be bound
by the provisions contained in this Agreement, including the restrictions set forth in this Section
20. Further, a violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement, including the covenants
contained in this Section 20, by any owner shall also constitute a violation by you of your
obligations under this Agreement.
20.6

Distribution of Products Related to the Domino's System.

During and after the term of this Agreement, you and your owners agree not to sell or
otherwise distribute any products, or items bearing any of the Marks or which are used at any time
in connection with any advertising, promotional or operational program other than to customers of
your Store in the ordinary course of business or to another Domino's Pizza franchisee in good
standing at the time of any proposed transfer approved by us.
20.7

Ownership Structure.

You, your owners and affiliates agree to fully comply with all rules, policies and
procedures from time to time prescribed by us relating to the ownership structure of an Approved
Entity. If you are an Approved Entity, you agree that the Controlling Person who has been
approved by us will at all times during the term of this Agreement own and control fifty-one
percent (51%) or more of the absolute voting and ownership interests of the Approved Entity,
unless the Controlling Person obtains our prior written approval for a different ownership structure.
You also agree to submit to us for our review and prior written approval any proposed change
before attempting any change in the ownership or control of the Approved Entity or its affiliates,
or any documents governing the ownership or control of the Approved Entity or its affiliates.
20.8

Non-Disclosure.

Except as may be required or permitted by applicable law, you agree that neither you nor
your affiliates, owners, representatives, agents or employees will make any statements or
communications, directly or indirectly, about us or our affiliates, officers, employees, franchisees
(including you or your affiliates), businesses, properties, financial condition, sales trends,
management, ownership, past or current business practices or strategies to any person, including,
without limitation, the media or any financial analysts, whether verbally or in writing, including,
without limitation, any communications or statements that would reasonably be expected to
adversely affect our business or reputation or the Domino's System or shareholders of Domino's
Pizza, Inc. or its affiliated companies.
20.9

Irreparable Injury and Injunctive Relief.

You acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Section 20, including, without
limitation, the provisions of Sections 20.1, 20.2, 20.5 and 20.9, are necessary to protect our
legitimate business interests and the Domino's System, to prevent the unauthorized dissemination
of marketing, promotional and other confidential information to our competitors and others outside
of the Domino's System, to protect our trade secrets and the integrity of the Domino's System, and
to prevent the duplication of the Domino's System. You also acknowledge and agree that damages
39
SFA – 07/31/2024

