$30,001+ range, and 917, or 49.3% of these stores achieved or exceeded the 14.7%
EBITDA.
Explanatory Notes:
Total Variable Costs: Includes operating expenses that tend to vary with a change
in sales. These expenses include food costs; variable labor costs (which may vary
depending on each store’s local labor market and applicable wage and working
condition requirements), excluding manager salary; bonus; payroll taxes; worker's
compensation insurance; mileage reimbursement and related delivery expenses;
advertising expenses; royalty expense; and operating supplies.
Total Cash Fixed Costs: Includes operating expenses that tend to not vary with a
change in sales. These expenses include telephone and utilities, rent, repairs and
maintenance, professional fees, small equipment and computer expenses, other
taxes (real and personal property taxes and business taxes), insurance (excluding
worker's compensation), manager salary, and miscellaneous operating expenses.
EBITDA: Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA
is calculated as follows: Royalty Sales minus Total Variable Costs minus Total
Cash Fixed Costs plus Supply Chain Profit Sharing and Volume Discount rebates.
Written substantiation for the financial performance representation will be made
available to the prospective franchisee upon reasonable request.
Some Stores have achieved these sales or earned these amounts. Your
individual results may differ. There is no assurance that you will achieve these
sales or earn as much.
We or our affiliates also may furnish supplemental data concerning specific proposed store
locations or Delivery Service Areas (“DSA”) that are prepared using a siting model program
known as “Domino’s Strategic Integrated Mapping and Modeling System”. We or our affiliates
may also furnish supplemental data concerning specific proposed store locations in connection
with the proposal by existing Domino’s Pizza franchisees to open an additional store in a DSA in
which such franchisee has an existing store (a “Store Split”) or to open one or more additional
stores in contiguous DSAs in which such franchisee has existing stores and to redraw the
boundaries of the DSAs (“Store Realignment”). If data generated by the Siting Model is furnished
to you, you will be provided with a Supplemental Financial Performance Representation
explaining the Siting Model in greater detail and the way in which the information differs from the
information contained in this disclosure concerning average weekly unit sales and other financial
data of Domino’s Pizza stores.
Other than the preceding financial performance representations and the information set
forth above and data to substantiate and support the information set forth above, we do not make
any financial performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or
representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are
July 2025

58

