Attachment C
To
Domino's Pulse Software License Agreement
Participation Agreement
This Participation Agreement is entered into by the party signing below ("you") for the benefit of MSLI, GP ("Microsoft") and
shall be enforceable against you by Microsoft in accordance with its terms. You acknowledge that Microsoft and Domino's Pizza
Distribution LLC and/or its affiliates (the "customer") are parties to Microsoft Select Enrollment, No. 6645248 (the "agreement"),
under which you desire to sublicense certain Microsoft products. As used in this Participation Agreement, the term to "run" a product
means to copy, install, use, access, display, run or otherwise interact with it. You acknowledge that your right to run a copy of any
version of any product sublicensed under the agreement is governed by the applicable product use rights for the product and version
licensed as of the date you first run that copy. Such product use rights will be made available to you by the customer, or by
publication at a designated site on the World Wide Web, or by some other means. Microsoft does not transfer any ownership rights in
any licensed product and it reserves all rights not expressly granted.
I. Acknowledgment and Agreement. You hereby acknowledge that you have received a copy of the product use rights
applicable to the products acquired under the above-referenced agreement; you have read and understood the terms and conditions
as they relate to your obligations; and you agree to be bound by such terms and conditions, as well as to the following provisions:
a.

Restrictions on use. You may not:
o

Separate the components of a product made up of multiple components by running them on different
computers, by upgrading or downgrading them at different times, or by transferring them separately,
except as otherwise provided in the product use rights;

o

Rent, lease, lend or host products without the express written consent of Microsoft;

o

Reverse engineer, de-compile or disassemble products, except to the extent expressly permitted by
applicable law despite this limitation;

o

Transfer licenses to, or sublicense, products to the U.S. Government.

You acknowledge that products licensed under the agreement are of US-origin. You agree to comply with
all applicable international and national laws that apply to these products, including the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use and country destination restrictions issued by
U.S. and other governments. For additional information on exporting Microsoft products, see http://microsoft.com/exporting/.
b.
Limited product warranty. Microsoft warrants that each version of a commercial product will perform substantially in
accordance with its user documentation. This warranty is valid for a period of 90 days from the date you first run a copy of the
version. Any warranties imposed by law concerning the products are limited to the same 90-day period. This warranty does not
apply to components of products which you are permitted to redistribute under applicable product use rights, or if failure of the
product has resulted from accident, abuse or misapplication. If you notify Microsoft within the warranty period that a product does not
meet this warranty, then Microsoft will, at its option, either (i) return the price paid for the product or (ii) repair or replace the product.
This is your exclusive remedy for any failure of any commercial product to function as described in this paragraph.
c.

Free and beta products. Free and beta products, if any, are provided "as-is," without any warranties.

d.
NO OTHER WARRANTIES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MICROSOFT DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, OTHER THAN THOSE IDENTIFIED
EXPRESSLY IN THIS SECTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS
AND RELATED MATERIALS.
e.
Limitation of liability. There may be situations in which you have a right to claim damages or payment from Microsoft.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, whatever the legal basis for your claim, Microsoft's liability will be limited,
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to direct damages up to the amount you have paid for the product giving rise to
the claim. In the case of free product, or code you are authorized to redistribute to third parties without separate payment to
Microsoft, Microsoft's total liability to you will not exceed US$5000, or its equivalent in local currency.
f.
No liability for certain damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither you, your affiliates or
suppliers, nor Microsoft, its affiliates or suppliers will be liable for any indirect damages (including, without limitation, consequential,
special or incidental damages, damages for loss of profits or revenues, business interruption, or loss of business information) arising
in connection with any agreement, product or service, even if advised of the possibility of such damages or if such possibility was
reasonably foreseeable.
g.
Application. The limitations on and exclusions of liability for damages set forth herein apply regardless of whether the
liability is based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, breach of warranties, or any other legal theory.

January 2025

8

