Tile Logo

4,354,128

June 18, 2013

Tile Logo (colors)

4,389,262

August 20, 2013

DOMINO’S and Tile
Logo (horizontal)

4,692,802

February 24, 2015

DOMINO’S and Tile
Logo (vertical)

4,692,804

February 24, 2015

These are the primary trademarks and service marks but other related trademarks and service marks
which have been registered are described in the Operating Manuals. All required affidavits and
renewal applications have been filed.
Your right to use the Marks is non-exclusive, and we and our affiliates have the right,
among others: (a) to use the Marks to sell products and services; (b) to grant others licenses for
the Marks; (c) to develop and establish other systems using the same or similar Marks, or any other
proprietary marks, and to grant licenses or franchises in those systems without providing any rights
to you; and (d) to regulate the use of the Marks in any form of electronic media including web sites
or web pages or as a domain name or electronic media identifier.
Your usage of the Marks and any goodwill you establish is to our and our affiliates
exclusive benefit and you retain no right in the Marks when the Franchise Agreement terminates
or expires. You must follow our rules when you use the Marks. You may not use the Marks (or
any abbreviation, modification, colorable imitation, translation or transliteration of any trading
symbol of ours or our affiliates) as a part of any corporate or trade name or with any name or
symbol you use to operate your Store, nor may you use any trade name, trademark, service mark,
emblem or logo other than the Marks we periodically designate. You shall not directly or indirectly
apply for, register, attempt to obtain control of, or interfere with our or our affiliates efforts to
obtain registration or ownership of any name, trademark, service mark, or other identifying name.
There are no currently effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark
Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, nor are there any
pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings or material litigation, involving the
Marks. There are no other agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our right to use
or license the use of the Marks that are material to the franchise. We do not actually know of either
superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect a franchisee's use of the principal
marks in any state.
As part of the Securitization Transaction, the Marks were assigned to DP IP Holder. On
the same date, a license agreement between DP IP Holder and DPF was entered into giving DPF
the right and license to use and sublicense the use of the Marks. The term of the license agreement
is 99 years. DP IP Holder has certain enforcement rights in the event we default under the license
July 2025

46

