10.

TRAINING.
10.1

Initial Training.

If you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity) are opening your (or his
or her) first Domino's Pizza Store, you (or the Controlling Person) must enroll in and complete all
training programs and classes which we require for the operation of a Domino's Pizza Store. These
training programs and classes will be furnished at such times and places as we designate. We have
the right to charge a reasonable training fee for these training programs or classes. All training
programs and classes must be completed to our satisfaction. You will be responsible for the travel,
living expenses and any other costs incurred during these training programs and classes.
10.2

Training of Employees.

You agree to implement a training program for employees of the Store and to be solely
responsible for training the employees to legally, safely and properly perform his or her duties
while inside the Store and while outside the Store for business purposes, including training your
employees to follow appropriate procedures for their safety and well-being as well as the safety
and well-being of the public. You agree not to employ any person who fails or refuses to complete
your training programs or is unqualified to perform his or her duties in accordance with the
requirements established for the operation of a Domino's Pizza Store. You acknowledge and
understand that implementing a training program for employees of the Store and training your
employees to follow safe and proper procedures for the operation of the Store will remain your
sole responsibility even if, from time to time, you obtain advice, certifications or suggestions from
us or our affiliates about these topics. You further acknowledge and understand that it is not our
responsibility or duty to implement a training program for your employees, nor do we have the
responsibility or duty to instruct your employees about matters of safety and security in or around
the Store or delivery service area or on the way to or from the Store. By providing advice,
certifications or suggestions, we do not assume any of your responsibilities or duties.
10.3

Additional Training.

We may also, at our option, require you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved
Entity) to attend supplemental or additional training programs which may be offered from time to
time by us or our affiliates during the term of the franchise. The fee for such training shall range
from between One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) and Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per training
class. You will be responsible for the reasonable costs of such programs and for the travel and
living expenses and any other costs incurred during these programs. You must complete this
supplemental or additional training within one (1) year of the time in which it is originally offered
by us or our affiliates.
11.

OPERATING ASSISTANCE.
11.1

Advice and Guidance.

We will furnish you with such reasonable operating assistance as we determine from time
to time to be necessary for the operation of the Store. Operating assistance will include advice and
guidance regarding:
16
SFA – 07/31/2024

