help desk and support services provided by a third party vendor. We may require that you
continuously maintain high speed broadband connectivity, where available. All fees are
imposed by and payable to DPD or our designated third party vendor. All fees are nonrefundable.
We may develop or contract with third parties to develop centralized or technology based
methods of taking, processing, routing, and delivering orders in addition to the methods
and technology we currently use or authorize (collectively "Additional Order Systems").
These may become mandatory at any time during the term of the Franchise Agreement and
may require you to spend money to add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and
software; to pay licensing fees, support and maintenance fees, fees paid to third parties; to
incur other costs, and to sign agreements with us and with third parties. To the extent these
products and services are owned by us or provided to you by us, we may charge up front
and/or ongoing fees that may be included as part of the Technology Transaction Fee.
However, to the extent all the direct and indirect costs to develop, test and implement an
Additional Order System are paid from other sources, then such up-front and ongoing fees
charged by us would be intended only to cover our ongoing expenses, including direct costs
and reasonable allocations. You currently must participate in an Additional Order System
provided by a designated third-party vendor. Currently, no additional fees or costs are
associated with the requirement to participate in such Additional Order System.
(8)

You will be required to accept and process applications for store-level positions through
an online platform provided by SmartRecruiters. SmartRecruiters bills DPD annually and
DPD then bills franchisees at cost for the use of the SmartRecruiters online platform every
October. Currently, this amount is $432.00 annually per Store. Currently, a call to
GlobalCare for technical support with your SmartRecruiters online platform will result in
a charge of $44.

Item 7: Estimated Initial Investment
ITEM 7: TABLE
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
Domino's Pizza Traditional Store
(1)
Type of
Expenditure

(2)
Amount

(3)
Method
of Payment

(4)
When Due

(5)
To Whom
Payment is Made

$0 to $10,000

Lump Sum

When approved

Us

Leasehold
Improvements(2)

$25,000 to $350,000

Lump Sum

When
completed

Landlord or other third party

Furniture, Fixtures
and Equipment(3)

$81,000 to $145,000

Lump Sum

Usually 30 days
after invoice

DPD or other approved
Supplier

Initial Fee(1)

July 2025

20

