4. Outstanding Debts/DMA Co-op Obligations. All outstanding debts owed to
DPMI, DPF, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC (“DPD”) and any of their affiliates or
subsidiaries, contractual and local DMA commitments accrued as of the date of closing,
must be paid in full prior to or at the closing. DPL may, at its discretion, require
outstanding debts to be paid via wire transfer to the appropriate creditor.
Purchaser hereby formally assumes all of Seller’s obligations under all contractual
and local DMA Co-op commitments and contracts.
5. Clearance Letter/Purchaser’s Joint Liability. Prior to taking possession of the
subject of the Purchase Agreement, or paying any part of the price therefor, Purchaser shall
obtain written verification from DPL of amounts owed by Seller to DPMI, DPF, DPD and any
of their affiliates or subsidiaries and local DMA commitments. Purchaser may satisfy this
obligation by obtaining a completed “Clearance Letter” in a form of the Exhibit B attached to
this Rider which must be signed by DPL and Seller at least one (1) business day prior to the
closing. By signing this Rider, Seller authorizes Purchaser to pay the amounts to the
respective entities as set out on the applicable Clearance Letter by Wire Transfer on the day of
the closing. For failure to comply with the provisions of this paragraph, Purchaser agrees to be
liable with Seller for payment of the liabilities set out on the Clearance Letter and the
individual signing this Rider for the Purchaser shall also be personally liable for payment of
the liabilities set out on the Clearance Letter, and such liabilities may be enforced against
Seller, Purchaser, and Purchaser’s signatory, jointly and severally. Purchaser and Purchaser’s
signatory also authorize DPF to withhold profit sharing and volume discount payments
otherwise due Purchaser for payment of liabilities assumed by Purchaser under this paragraph.
In addition, Seller, Purchaser, and Purchaser’s signatory shall be jointly liable for
interest at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum on any amount not paid to the payee
according to the Clearance Letter by Wire Transfer on the day of the closing, as well as all
of the payee’s costs (including attorney’s fees) incurred in collecting the amounts due
according to the Clearance Letter.
Nothing set forth in this paragraph relieves Seller of any liability to pay amounts due at
closing.
6. No Security Interest. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it shall not grant
a security interest in, or pledge as collateral of, any interest in any premise lease, franchisee,
Franchise Agreement(s), or any franchise rights thereunder, and Seller acknowledges that it
will not attempt to acquire any such security interest.
7. Delivery Area. Neither Seller nor Purchaser has the authority to change the
boundaries of the delivery area of any Store(s) without the written consent of DPL or DPF. If
there are any discrepancies over the exact boundaries of the delivery area of any Store(s), the
boundaries that are set out on the map maintained by DPL or DPF shall control.
Seller agrees to disclose to Purchaser, prior to closing any limitations Seller has placed
on delivery service offered by the Store(s) and furnish Purchaser with copies of documents
supporting Seller’s reasons for, and other information about, the limitations.
Purchaser acknowledges that it is familiar with the boundaries of all delivery areas and
further agrees to make an independent review and evaluation of the entire delivery area(s) of
Nov 2014 updated May 2017

