(iii)
any Domino’s Pizza Area Agreement, Development
Agreement or Franchise Agreement with any entity that you or your
Controlling Person directly or indirectly, owns in whole or in part, is
terminated by us in accordance with its terms;
(iv)
you and your owners fail to maintain the financial capacity
and necessary skills and experience to meet the Development
Requirements and timely develop and operate the Stores required to be
opened and operated under this Agreement based upon criteria established
by us from time to time; or
(v)
the Controlling Person of the Developer under this
Agreement is not at any time the Controlling Person of all approved
entities operating Stores in the Development Area.
10.
Trade Secrets of DPF. You agree that you will maintain the absolute
confidentiality of all information and methods provided by us with respect to the operation of a
Store and will not use any such information in any other business or in any manner not
specifically authorized or approved in writing by DPF.
11.
Conflicting Business Interests. Neither you nor any of your owners may, during
the term of this Agreement, without our prior consent, which may be withheld in our sole
judgment, (i) engage, or own any interest, in any other business activity, (ii) be employed by any
other business, (iii) engage in any activity which may impair your ability to fulfill your
obligations under this Agreement, or (iv) engage in any conduct which, in our judgment,
adversely affects the reputation of the Store or the Domino’s System or the goodwill associated
with the Marks or involves dishonesty, fraud, deceit, illegal conduct, misrepresentation or moral
turpitude.
12.
Assignment by DPF. This Agreement is fully assignable by us and the assignee
or other legal successor to DPF's interests will be entitled to receive all of the benefits of this
Agreement.
13.
Assignment by Developer. This Agreement and the development rights
contained in this Agreement are personal to you and your owners and may not be voluntarily,
involuntarily, directly or indirectly, assigned or otherwise transferred or encumbered by you or
your owners. For purposes of this paragraph, a sale, assignment or transfer of the interests of any
owner shall be deemed an assignment or transfer of this Agreement.
14.
Miscellaneous. Section headings are for convenience only and shall not limit the
enforceability or obligations contained therein. This Agreement is binding on the parties to this
Agreement and their heirs, assigns and successors in interest. By accepting this Agreement, you
and your owners will be jointly and severally liable for the performance of the obligations set
forth herein. Further, there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between the
parties. To the extent that this Agreement is inconsistent with any provision of any Franchise
Agreement executed by you in connection with the operation of a Store, the terms of this
Agreement shall govern.

January 2023 DA

3

