installments are to be made at three different points throughout the partnership. Partial funding
was received in 2024 with the remainder to be received no later than October 1, 2025.
Additionally, under an agreement entered into with a designated third-party vendor in
2024, DPL is entitled to receive rebates and/or other payments on account of franchisees’
purchases of equipment and supplies from third-party vendors.
In 2024, DNAF received an estimated $25,337,831.00, and DPL received an estimated
$6,729,838.52 under the programs described above. Except for these payments, neither we nor
our affiliates receive any payments or credits from suppliers for the purchase of products by or for
the benefit of franchisees, although we and our affiliates reserve the right to do so.
DPD supplies certain of these products and items to franchisees. DPD will derive revenue
from the sale of these items by selling them above cost. DPD offers an optional profit sharing plan
for franchisees. Prior to the Securitization Transaction, Domino's Pizza Distribution entered into
these profit sharing arrangements with franchisees. These were assigned to DPD as part of the
Securitization Transaction. Under this plan, franchisees must purchase their required food
products from DPD for a period of 10 years in exchange for a share of the profits of the DPD
centers in the United States servicing Domino’s Stores nationally. Franchisees can terminate their
participation in the plan by giving 1 year notice or immediately refunding profit sharing payments
for the previous year or if DPD breaches, and does not cure, a material obligation or commitment
under the plan.
DPD is an approved supplier of fresh dough balls for our original screen product and fresh
pan pizza and is the supplier of a parbaked and then frozen shell for our thin crust pizza. If we or
our designee give written approval for you to operate a commissary, you can make your own dough
if it complies with our food safety, product and quality standards. There are currently no thirdparty suppliers of fresh or pan pizza dough balls or parbaked and then frozen shells for our thin
crust pizza. Commissary operators will be required to purchase a pre-mix package from approved
suppliers to produce these different types of dough. DPD is an approved supplier of pre-mix for
our screen and pan dough products. In addition, there are three approved manufacturers of premix from whom franchisees can purchase directly.
For the benefit of the System, we and/or our affiliates have and will continue to test and
develop other dough products. We have approved the original screen product, pan pizza, a thin
crust and a frozen par-baked Gluten Free crust for Domino’s Pizza Stores. We have also approved
a frozen par-baked crust for a limited number of non-traditional Domino's Pizza Stores. Currently,
DPD is the only approved supplier of thin crust to our franchisees. In addition, there is 1 approved
supplier of Gluten Free crust.
When we and/or our affiliates periodically test new products in Stores, we may require you
to purchase these products exclusively from DPD or otherwise limit the distribution and use of
these products.
We or our affiliates may from time to time offer or make available other services or
products to franchisees, such as online ordering and gift cards. We or our affiliates may derive
July 2025

29

