2017 Notes
The 2017 Five-Year Notes and the 2017 Floating Rate Notes were repaid in connection with the 2021
Recapitalization. The 2017 Ten-Year Notes have original remaining scheduled principal payments of $10.0 million
in each of 2025 and 2026 and $920.0 million in 2027. Refer to the leverage ratio and debt classification disclosure
below for additional information.
The legal final maturity date of the 2017 Ten-Year Notes is October 2047, but it is anticipated that, unless
earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the related debt agreements, the 2017 Ten-Year Notes will be repaid on
or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in July 2027. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced the
2017 Ten-Year Notes prior to the applicable anticipated repayment dates, additional interest of at least 5% per
annum will accrue, as defined in the related agreements.
2015 Notes
The 2015 Five-Year Notes were repaid in connection with the 2018 Recapitalization. The 2015 Ten-Year
Notes have original remaining scheduled principal payments of $742.0 million in 2025. Refer to the leverage ratio
and debt classification disclosure below for additional information.
The legal final maturity date of the 2015 Ten-Year Notes is in October 2045, but it is anticipated that, unless
earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the related debt agreements, the 2015 Ten-Year Notes will be repaid on
or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in October 2025. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced
the 2015 Ten-Year Notes prior to the applicable anticipated repayment date, additional interest of at least 5% per
annum will accrue, as defined in the related agreements.
Debt Issuance Costs and Transaction-Related Expenses
During 2022 and in connection with the issuance of the 2022 Variable Funding Notes, the Company
capitalized $1.6 million of financing costs, which are recorded in long-term other assets in the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets and are being amortized into interest expense over the remaining term of the 2022
Variable Funding Notes.
Guarantees and Covenants of the Notes
The Notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company and secured by a security interest in
substantially all of the assets of the Company, including royalty and certain other income from all U.S. and
international stores, U.S. and Canadian supply chain distribution income and intellectual property. The restrictions
placed on the Company’s subsidiaries require that the Company’s principal and interest obligations have first
priority and amounts are segregated weekly to ensure appropriate funds are reserved to pay the quarterly principal
and interest amounts due. The amount of weekly cash flow that exceeds the required weekly principal and interest
reserve is generally remitted to the Company in the form of a dividend. However, once the required obligations are
satisfied, there are no further restrictions, including payment of dividends, on the cash flows of the subsidiaries.
The Notes are subject to certain financial and non-financial covenants, including a debt service coverage ratio
calculation. The covenant requires a minimum coverage ratio of 1.75x total debt service to securitized net cash flow,
as defined in the indenture governing the securitized debt. The covenants, among other things, may limit the ability
of certain of the Company’s subsidiaries to declare dividends, make loans or advances or enter into transactions with
affiliates. In the event that certain covenants are not met, the Notes may become partially or fully due and payable
on an accelerated schedule. In addition, the Company may voluntarily prepay, in part or in full, the Notes at any
time, subject to certain make-whole interest obligations.
While the Notes are outstanding, scheduled payments of principal and interest are required to be made on a
quarterly basis. The payment of principal of the Notes may be suspended if the Holdco Leverage Ratio for the
Company is less than or equal to 5.0x total debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, each as defined in the indenture
governing the securitized debt. Scheduled principal payments will resume upon failure to satisfy the aforementioned
leverage ratio on an ongoing basis and no catch-up provisions are applicable.

17

