Supply chain revenues are primarily comprised of sales of food and other products to franchised Domino’s
Pizza stores located in the U.S. and Canada. Revenues from the sale of food are recognized upon delivery of the
food to franchisees and payments for food purchases are generally due within 30 days of the shipping date. The
Company also offers profit sharing rebates and volume discounts to its franchisees. Obligations for profit sharing
rebates are calculated based on actual results of its supply chain centers and are recognized as a reduction to
revenue. Volume discounts are based on annual sales. The Company estimates the amount that will be earned and
records a reduction to revenue throughout the year.
International franchise royalties and fees are primarily comprised of royalties and fees from Domino’s Pizza
franchisees outside of the U.S. Royalty revenues are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by
franchisees’ customers. Royalty rates vary among international markets and may also differ based on certain
incentives and concessions and averaged approximately 3.0% in 2024. Franchise fees received from international
franchisees are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of each respective franchise store
agreement, which is typically ten years. Development fees received from international master franchisees are also
deferred when amounts are received and are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the
respective master franchise agreement, which is typically ten years. International franchise fee revenues primarily
relate to per-transaction technology fees that are recognized as the related sales occur. International franchise
royalties and fees are invoiced at least quarterly, and payments are generally due within 60 days.
U.S. franchise advertising revenues are comprised of contributions from Domino’s Pizza franchisees with
operations in the U.S. to the Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc. (“DNAF”), the Company’s consolidated notfor-profit subsidiary that administers the Domino’s Pizza system’s national and market level advertising activities in
the U.S. Each franchisee is generally required to contribute 6.0% of their retail sales to fund national marketing and
advertising campaigns (subject, in certain instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and waivers).
Beginning on March 27, 2023, the Company effectuated a temporary reduction of 0.25% to its standard 6.0%
advertising contribution. This temporary reduction expired at the beginning of the second quarter of 2024 and the
advertising contribution rate returned to its standard 6.0% as of March 25, 2024. These revenues are recognized
when items are delivered to or carried out by franchisees’ customers. Payments for U.S. franchise advertising
revenues are generally due within seven days of the prior week end date. Although these revenues are restricted to
be used only for advertising and promotional activities to benefit franchised stores, the Company has determined
there are not performance obligations associated with the franchise advertising contributions received by DNAF that
are separate from its U.S. royalty payment stream and as a result, these franchise contributions and the related
expenses are presented gross in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.
Disaggregation of Revenue
Current accounting standards require that companies disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into
categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by
economic factors. The Company has included its revenues disaggregated in its consolidated statements of income to
satisfy this requirement.
Supply Chain Profit-Sharing Arrangements
The Company enters into profit-sharing arrangements with U.S. and Canadian franchisees that purchase all of
their food from the Company’s supply chain centers. These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer Companyowned stores and participating franchisees 50% of the pre-tax profit from the Company’s supply chain center
operations. Profit-sharing obligations are recorded as a reduction to supply chain revenues in the same period as the
related revenues and costs are recorded, and were $164.0 million, $138.7 million and $110.0 million in 2024, 2023
and 2022, respectively.
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales consists primarily of U.S. Company-owned store and supply chain costs incurred to generate
related revenues. Components of consolidated cost of sales primarily include food and labor costs, as well as other
costs including delivery, occupancy costs (including rent, telephone, utilities and depreciation) and insurance
expense.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expense consists primarily of labor cost (including variable performance-based
compensation expense and non-cash Parent equity-based compensation expense), depreciation and amortization,
computer expenses, professional fees, travel and entertainment, rent, insurance and other corporate administrative
costs.

12

