Domino's Pizza Online Ordering Franchisee Services Agreement
This Online Ordering Franchisee Services Agreement (this "Agreement"), dated
, 20 , is by and between
Domino's Pizza Distribution LLC, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, ("Domino's") and <<Franchisee
Name>>("Controlling Owner") and all corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies or other business entities
owned by the Controlling Owner (referred to collectively herein as "Franchisee").
WHEREAS, Domino's has developed an online ordering engine ("OLO") for internet based orders ("Web Orders") to be
used by Domino's Pizza franchisees in Domino's Pizza stores (each a "Store" and collectively, the "Stores") operating the
Domino's PULSE computer system. Franchisees will be responsible for payment of the OLO Fees in the Franchisee's
Stores and Domino's will invoice and collect from participating franchisees the OLO Fees in the Franchisee's Stores; and
WHEREAS, Franchisee desires to have all Stores in which Franchisee owns a controlling interest receive Web Orders
according to the terms of this Agreement and the rules, standards and policies set from time to time related to Web Orders.
For purposes of this Agreement "owns a controlling interest" shall mean any Store in which the Franchisee has at least a
51% ownership interest.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the mutual promises contained herein, and other good and valuable
consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
1. Term; Termination
1.1 The term of the Agreement shall commence upon acceptance of this Agreement by Domino's at its offices in Ann
Arbor, Michigan, and shall remain in force for a period of five (5) years (the "Original Term"), except as otherwise stated.
At the end of the Original Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each, a
"Renewal Term"), unless cancelled by either party by giving not less than sixty (60) days' written notice prior to the
expiration of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term, as the case may be.
1.2 Either party may terminate this agreement in the event of any breach by the other party which breach is not cured within
thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such breach, except for termination in accordance with Section 3.2 below.
1.3 Domino's may terminate the Agreement: (i) at any time on written notice to Franchisee; or (ii) in the event of
nonpayment by Franchisee if such breach is not cured within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice.
1.4 Franchisee may terminate this Agreement at any time.
1.5 This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon (a) Franchisee's bankruptcy or insolvency; (b) the cessation of
Franchisee's business operations as a Domino's Pizza franchisee or the termination or non-renewal of the Franchise
Agreement for the Store; (c) the cessation of Franchisee's use of the Domino's Pulse system; or (c) for the reasons set out
below in section 3.
1.6 Upon any termination of the Agreement, Franchisee shall immediately terminate the use of the OLO and Domino's shall
have the right to terminate Franchisee's use of OLO. Franchisee is still responsible to pay for any orders that were placed
prior to termination of agreement. The provisions of this Agreement relating to title and ownership as set forth in Section 3
and the confidentiality provisions in Section 6.7 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
2. Fees and Charges; Invoices and Payment
2.1 Franchisee agrees to pay $0.375 per Web Order for all Web Orders occurring in the Stores. A Web Order shall include
any order transferred to the Store via the OLO system including orders not fulfilled by the Store for any reason. The
transaction fees to be paid by Franchisee shall be invoiced by Domino's on a quarterly basis, or on such other periodic basis
as Domino's determines in its sole discretion. Domino's shall provide the Franchisee with data supporting the transaction
count used to determine the total Web Order transaction fees via Domino's Online including Domino's Pulse order
identification, Web Order date, Web Order time and Web Order ticket amount and Franchisee agrees to provide
information and documents requested by Domino's pertaining to Web Orders.
2.2 Franchisee agrees to accept an electronic invoice from Domino's for all fees and remit payment via the Domino's Online
Payment System or as otherwise from time to time instructed by Domino's. Domino's will send the electronic invoice to the
Franchisee's email address provided to Domino's. Payment is due upon receipt of invoice, without set-off or claim. If
payment is not received within fifteen (15) days from receipt of invoice Domino's may: (i) assess a charge not to exceed
one and a half percent (1.5%) per month on all amounts due; and/or (ii) pursue other remedies available at law, or pursuant

OLO – April 1, 2025

