is typically national in nature. Advertising is developed by our in-house marketing department
and national advertising agencies and other advertising partners.
We or our affiliates may also spend or advance our own funds for promotional materials
and the conduct of advertising programs for the benefit of the Domino’s System.
The Domino's Marketing Advisory Council ("DMAC") provides advice on marketing and
advertising programs. The DMAC whose membership is currently selected by DPL on behalf of
the Domino’s System, currently has 8 franchisees and 2 or more corporate representatives. Two
of the 8 franchisees on DMAC are selected by DPL to participate on the DNAF board as well. We
(or DPL on behalf of the Domino’s System) may change or dissolve the DMAC at any time.
We may require you to participate in local and regional advertising cooperatives for
advertising and promotional programs administered by us or by other franchisees of the System.
In addition to the national advertising contribution (Franchise Agreement – Section 13.1), you
must pay any contributions that we require to these local or regional cooperatives or that may be
otherwise approved by these cooperatives. Your contributions to these local or regional
cooperatives, as described below, is calculated by multiplying the percentage outlined in your
Franchise Agreement and/or supplemental contribution agreement by the Royalty Sales of your
Store (e.g., 8,000 (weekly Royalty Sales) x 2% = $160).
The advertising contributions you must make to the local or regional cooperatives under
the Franchise Agreement (Section 13.2) established for Domino's Pizza Stores are as follows: if
65% or more of the Stores in the cooperative agree or are contractually obligated to contribute a
specified percentage of the Royalty Sales, then you must make the same percentage contribution
to the cooperative, although we can still require that you contribute no less than 2% of your Royalty
Sales to the cooperative. If the Stores have not agreed upon a percentage of Royalty Sales to
contribute to the cooperative, you must contribute an amount we specify up to and including 2%
of the Royalty Sales of your Store. The maximum amount we can require that you contribute for
advertising fund contributions and local and regional advertising expenditures will be 9% of the
weekly Royalty Sales of your Store. Your obligations to contribute to your cooperative under the
Franchise Agreement will not affect your obligations to contribute a greater percentage of the
Royalty Sales of the Store under any separate agreement or understanding you have with any local
or regional advertising or promotional cooperative.
We or our affiliates may hire advertising source(s) to develop, produce and conduct the
advertising and promotion programs for the cooperatives with the cooperative advertising budget
or contributions you made. (Franchise Agreement - Section 13.2).
The geographic area for these local and regional advertising cooperatives is defined
according to the Nielsen designated marketing areas ("DMA"). The county location of the Store
will determine the DMA.
Each cooperative is governed by the Co-op By-laws. A copy of the Co-op By-Laws are
given to each new franchisee when they sign their franchise agreement. Before signing the
Franchise Agreement, organizational documents may be available to you from the local or regional
July 2025

36

