22.9

Standard of Reasonableness.

Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, we agree to exercise reasonable judgment with
respect to all determinations to be made by us under the terms of this Agreement.
22.10 Acknowledgments.
(a)
The following acknowledgments are made by and binding upon all franchisees
signing this Agreement, except those franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state
franchise registration/disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or
Wisconsin:
(i)
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and our Franchise
Disclosure Document and been given an opportunity to obtain clarification of any
provision that you did not understand.
(ii)
You acknowledge that you have conducted an independent investigation of
the business contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that it involves business risks
making the success of the venture largely dependent upon your business abilities.
(iii) We expressly disclaim the making of, and you acknowledge that you have
not received or relied upon, any warranty or guarantee, express or implied, as to the
potential volume, profits or success of the business venture contemplated by this
Agreement.
(b)
You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement may not be modified, amended or
changed except by a writing signed by all parties. In addition, you also acknowledge that this
Agreement has been executed by us in the State of Michigan and that this Agreement is to be
performed in part through services rendered in the State of Michigan.
22.11 Binding Effect.
This Agreement is binding upon the parties and their heirs, approved assigns and
successors in interest.
22.12 No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States.
The following provision applies only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the
state franchise registration/disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland,
Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia,
Washington, or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by DPF,
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf of DPF. This provision
47
NTA – 04/01/2025

