Franchise Offering
We are in the business of franchising Domino’s Pizza Traditional Stores and Domino’s
Pizza Non-Traditional Stores. In certain of our branding campaigns, we may reference the brand
as “Domino’s”.
Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores are retail outlets located primarily in shopping centers,
strip centers and similar retail locations with appropriate parking for delivery vehicles and
customers of the store. In addition, Domino’s has entered into an agreement with Walmart which
allows for the opening of Domino’s Pizza Traditional Stores in select Walmart locations.
Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores sell pizza and other authorized products through delivery and
carry-out services.
Domino’s Pizza Non-Traditional Stores sell pizza and other authorized products and
services at non-traditional locations like office buildings, shopping malls, stadiums, toll roads,
airports, zoos, convenience stores and similar retail locations. Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional
Stores ordinarily offer only carry-out service.
Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores and Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Stores
(collectively referred to as "Store" or "Stores" unless otherwise stated) operate under a unique
system which includes special recipes and menu items; distinctive design and furnishings;
standards and operating procedures; quality control procedures; training and advertising programs
(the "System" or "Domino’s Pizza System"). These Stores are also identified with certain trade
names, service marks, trademarks, logos and emblems, including, the mark "Domino's Pizza" and
other names and marks which we designate (the "Marks").
If you are acquiring a Domino's Pizza Traditional Store or a Domino's Pizza NonTraditional Store selling pizza and other authorized products through delivery and/or carry-out
service, you will sign our Traditional Store Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit E ("Standard
Franchise Agreement") or our Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit F
("Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement"), as applicable. Unless otherwise stated, the
Standard Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Franchise Agreement are collectively referred
to as “Franchise Agreement”.
In appropriate circumstances, we may give you the right to open a limited number of
Domino's Pizza Stores within a development area under our Development Agreement attached as
Exhibit G ("Development Agreement"). You must sign our then current form of Franchise
Agreement for Domino's Pizza Stores you open within your development area.
Experience
We or our predecessors or affiliates have operated Domino’s Pizza Traditional Stores since
1960 and Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Stores since 1990. As of December 29, 2024, there
were 7,043 Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores (292 company-owned and 6,751 franchisee-owned).
There were 25 Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Stores, all of which are franchised. DPL granted
franchises for Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores beginning in 1967 and granted franchises for
July 2025

3

