There currently are no effective determinations of the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, the United States Copyright Office or any court regarding any of the patented or
copyrighted materials. There are no agreements in effect which significantly limit our right to use
or license the patented or copyrighted materials. There are no infringing uses actually known to
us which could materially affect your use of the patented or copyrighted materials in any state.
We are not required by any agreement to protect or defend patents or copyrights.
The dough, sauce and cheese used in Domino’s Pizza Stores are proprietary and we may
restrict the sources of supply of these products. Information, knowledge, or know-how, including
drawings, materials, equipment, marketing, recipes, and other data, that we designate as
confidential will be deemed confidential for purposes of the Franchise Agreement. We will
disclose to you certain confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets. You must not
make an unauthorized use of our confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets and must
take steps to prevent its disclosure to others.

Item 15: Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchise Business
If you are a franchisee developing stores under a Development Agreement, you must
devote your full time (excepting reasonable vacation periods) to the management and/or
supervision of Stores in your development area and make a total commitment to the Domino's
Pizza system. If you are an approved entity, the Controlling Person must devote his/her full time
(excepting reasonable vacation periods) to the management and/or supervision of Stores within
the development area. During the term of the Development Agreement, the Controlling Person
may not have financial or operational involvement in another business outside of the Domino’s
Pizza System, without our written approval which may be withheld in our sole judgment.
The Store must always be under the on-premises supervision of you or the Controlling
Person. You or the Controlling Person must devote his/her full time as manager of the Store or to
the management of other Stores (or other related activities we approved). You must commit
yourself fully to the Store(s) and no other businesses. During the term of the Franchise Agreement,
the Controlling Person may not have financial or operational involvement in another business
outside of the Domino’s Pizza System, without our written approval which may be withheld in our
sole judgment. If you own more than one Store, each Store must also be under the on-premises
supervision of a properly trained manager whose identity has been disclosed to us, and who has
signed an agreement not to divulge any trade secret or confidential or proprietary information, or
to engage in or have any interest in any other carry-out or delivery pizza store business.
If you are a corporation, partnership or limited liability company, the Controlling Person
must personally guarantee the obligations under the Franchise Agreement or Development
Agreement, agree to be personally bound by, and personally liable for every breach of, the
Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement, agree to be bound by the confidentiality, nondisclosure and non-competition provisions of the Franchise Agreement and agree to certain
restrictions on his/her ownership interests. Every other shareholder, member or partner must
personally guarantee the obligations under the Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement
July 2025

48

