21.5

Death or Permanent Disability.

Upon your death or permanent disability or the death or permanent disability of the
Controlling Person, this Agreement or the ownership interest of such deceased or permanently
disabled Controlling Person must be transferred to a party approved by us. Any transfer, including,
without limitation, transfers by devise or inheritance or trust provisions, shall be subject to the
same conditions for transfers which are contained in this Agreement. Except as otherwise
prescribed by us in writing, your personal representative or the personal representative of such
Controlling Person shall submit to us a proposal meeting the requirements for transfer of this
Agreement or such ownership interest within one hundred and twenty days (120) days of your
death or permanent disability or the death or permanent disability of such Controlling Person. We
agree to communicate our approval or disapproval of any such proposal within fifteen (15) days
of receipt. We will not unreasonably withhold our consent to the transfer of this Agreement or
such ownership interest to your spouse, heirs or relatives or the spouse, heirs or relatives of such
deceased or permanently disabled Controlling Person, provided the requirements of Section 21.4
are satisfied. Your personal representative or the personal representative of such deceased or
permanently disabled Controlling Person shall complete the transfer of this Agreement or such
ownership interest within sixty (60) days from the date of our approval of any such proposal. Upon
the death of any other owner, the interest of such owner shall be transferred within a reasonable
time to a person meeting our requirements. All such transfers must also comply with Section 21.4
of this Agreement. Your or any of your owners' failure to transfer the interest in accordance with
the provisions of this Section shall be considered a breach of this Agreement.
21.6

Definition of Permanent Disability.

You or your Controlling Person, will be deemed to have a "permanent disability" if you or
your Controlling Person's usual, active participation in the Store as contemplated by this
Agreement is for any reason curtailed for a continuous period of six (6) months.
21.7

Operation by DPF After Death or Permanent Disability.

We shall have the right to appoint a manager for the Store if in our judgment the Store is
not being managed properly after your death or permanent disability or the death or permanent
disability of the Controlling Person. Our right to appoint a manager for the Store includes the right
to temporarily or permanently cease operations at the Store, if in our reasonable judgment
continued operation of the Store will adversely affect the Marks, the long term reputation of the
Store or the Domino's System, or present a risk to public health, welfare and safety, including the
well-being of the employees of the Store. All funds from the operation of the Store during the
management by our appointed manager will be kept in a separate fund, and all expenses of the
Store including compensation, other costs, and travel and living expenses of our manager will be
charged to this fund. We will charge a management fee of five and one-half percent (5 1/2%) (in
addition to the royalty fee and advertising contributions payable under this Agreement) during the
period in which the Store is managed on your behalf. In managing the Store, our obligation will
be to use our reasonable efforts to ensure the Store is properly managed, and neither we nor our
affiliates will be liable for any debts, losses or obligations of the Store, to any of your creditors for
any products, materials, supplies or services purchased by the Store prior to or during the time of
management by our appointed manager. If the separate fund that is established is insufficient to
42
SFA – 07/31/2024

