communicate with any person other than us and our counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim. We will have sole discretion to take such action as we deem
appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation or Patent and Trademark Office or
other proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any
Mark. You agree to execute any and all instruments and documents, render such assistance and
do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of our counsel, be necessary or advisable to protect
and maintain our interests in any such litigation or Patent and Trademark Office or other
proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain our interest in the Marks.
16.3

Indemnification.

We will indemnify you against and reimburse you for all damages for which you are held
liable in any proceeding arising out of the use of any Mark in compliance with this Agreement. If
it becomes advisable at any time in our sole discretion for you to modify or discontinue use of any
Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute Marks, you agree to do so and our sole
obligation will be to reimburse you for your tangible costs of complying with this obligation.
17.

INSPECTIONS.

We or our designee will have the right at any time during business hours and without prior
notice to conduct reasonable inspections of the Store, its operations and its business records,
including but not limited to, information from the Store's computers, and records and documents
relating to the ownership and control of the Approved Entity and any other entity that has an
interest in the operation of the Store, wherever located and to take a physical inventory of the assets
of the Store. You agree that we may conduct all or part of an inspection, either on-site or from a
remote location. Inspections of the Store will be made at our expense, unless we are required to
make any additional inspections in connection with your failure to comply with this Agreement.
In such event, we will have the right to charge you for the costs of making all additional inspections
in connection with your failure to comply, including without limitation the travel expenses, room
and board and compensation of our or our designee's employees. You and your owners agree to
fully comply and cooperate with any and all inspections, including, but not limited to, you, your
owners and your employees treating our personnel in a professional manner.
18.

TERMINATION AND EXPIRATION.
18.1

Termination By Franchisee.

If you are in compliance with this Agreement and we breach this Agreement and fail to
cure any breach within thirty (30) days after written notice is delivered to us, you may terminate
this Agreement and the franchise effective ten (10) days after delivery of notice to us. A
termination of this Agreement and the franchise by you without complying with these requirements
or for any reason other than our breach of this Agreement and our failure to cure the breach within
thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from you shall be deemed a termination by you
without cause and not in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

30
NTA – 04/01/2025

