7.5

Assumption of Lease on Termination or Expiration.

Upon the termination or expiration of the franchise for any reason, other than a termination
by you for cause, we or our designee shall have the right to assume or designate one of our affiliates
to assume, your status and replace you as lessee or occupant of the premises. You agree to execute
an assignment of your interest in the lease promptly upon our request. Upon exercise of our or our
affiliate's right to assume your status as lessee, and your compliance with the other provisions of
this section, you will be fully released and discharged from all liability for rent and all other future
liability under the lease or the instrument or agreement by which you occupy the premises
(although not from any liability for unpaid rent or charges or any other then existing liability to
the lessor or owner, including, without limitation, any damages to the premises or restoration
costs). If we exercise our right to assume, or have our affiliates assume your lease or other
instrument or agreement by which you occupy the premises, we will indemnify you and hold you
harmless against any claim made for future rent or charges or other future liability under the lease
or instrument or agreement. We will also notify you within ninety (90) days of obtaining your
written assignment of your interest in the lease of any damages to the premises or restoration costs
for which you are liable or responsible.
7.6

Ownership of Store Premises.

If you, or any entity that you own or control, owns any interest in the real estate where the
Store is located, you agree to furnish to us upon request, a copy of the deed and any other document
relating to the title to the real estate and a copy of your owner's policy of title insurance.
8.

STORE DEVELOPMENT.
8.1

Development and Construction.

You agree that promptly after obtaining possession of the site for the Store you will:
(a)
cause to be prepared and submit for approval by us a site plan for
the Store, including requirements for dimensions, design, materials, interior layout,
equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs, and decorating. You understand that you may
modify our plans and specifications only to the extent required to comply with
applicable ordinances, building codes, permit requirements and lease or occupancy
requirements and only with our prior written approval;
(b)
obtain all required zoning changes; all required building, utility,
health, sanitation, and sign permits and any other required permits;
(c)
purchase or lease fixtures, furniture and signs meeting our
specifications or requirements and, if we so require, from an approved vendor or
vendors designated by us;
(d)
acquire through purchase, lease and/or license the Brand
Technology as required by Section 15.9.1.

13
NTA – 04/01/2025

