Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Stores beginning in 1990. Company-owned stores are owned and
operated by DPL.
Neither we nor any of our affiliates or predecessors have granted franchises in any other
lines of business. Unless otherwise noted, the principal business address of our parents, affiliates
and predecessors described above is or were 24 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan
48105 or 30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106.
Franchisee Qualifications
A franchise applicant must have been a Store general manager for at least 12 months to be
eligible for a single Store franchise and must also have attended certain classes on operating a
Store. Multi-unit franchises can be granted to candidates who have been a successful Store
supervisor or above for at least 12 months, at our sole discretion. These requirements apply
whether he/she is building a new Store or buying a company-owned or franchised Store. We may
from time to time accelerate or modify the basic eligibility and training requirements at our
discretion based on your operational experience, business acumen and other factors, such as your
agreement to open Stores in designated markets where few Domino’s Pizza Stores are open. There
are also minimum net worth and liquidity requirements depending on the number of Stores to be
developed or purchased. We require that an individual owns 51% or more of the legal entity (the
“Controlling Person”). The Controlling Person of a Domino’s Pizza franchise may not have
financial or operational involvement in another business outside of the Domino’s Pizza System
without our written approval which may be withheld in our sole judgment. There are additional
factors that will be considered when reviewing a franchise application to the extent permissible
under applicable law, including, but not limited to, the review of credit reports, criminal
background history, reputation in the community, motor vehicle records, and, unless prohibited by
applicable state law, the ability to speak the English language fluently.
Competition
Domino’s Pizza Stores compete with national and regional "chains" and local businesses
which sell similar products and offer carry-out or delivery services. The products Domino’s Pizza
Stores sell can also be prepared at home. However, we believe that customers purchase from
Domino’s Pizza Stores because of the timeliness of delivery and/or carry-out services, including
our online ordering, the difficulty of duplicating the taste and texture of our products, convenience
and the service we offer.
Government Regulation
There are no regulations specific to operating a Store. However, you must comply with all
local, state and federal health and sanitation laws in operating your Store and other laws applicable
to businesses generally, such as federal and state wage and hour and related laws, including laws
that regulate mileage reimbursement paid to delivery drivers. DPL has been involved in litigation
over whether the managers of Domino’s Pizza stores are exempt employees under wage and hour
laws. Certain franchisees pay store managers on a non-exempt basis. Whether store managers are
classified as exempt or non-exempt employees under applicable law may affect store profitability
July 2025

4

