month or at the highest legal rate for open account business credit in the state in which the Store
is located, whichever is lower.
6.4

Electronic Funds Transfer.

You must participate in an electronic funds transfer program under which royalty fees and
advertising contribution payments are deducted or paid electronically from your bank account.
We may permit you to initiate payments via a system established or approved by us, or at our
option, require you to authorize us to initiate debit and/or credit entries and/or credit correction
entries to your Store bank operating account (the "Account") for payment of royalty fees and
advertising contributions on forms we prescribe. In the event you are required to authorize us to
initiate debit entries, you agree to make the funds available in the Account for withdrawal by
electronic transfer no later than the due date for payment. The amount actually transferred from
the Account to pay royalty fees and advertising contributions will be based on the Store's royalty
sales reported to us. If you have not reported royalty sales of the Store to us for any reporting
period, we will be authorized to debit the Account in an amount equal to the royalty fee transferred
from the Account for the last reporting period for which a report of the royalty sales of the Store
was provided to us. If at any time we determine that you have under reported the royalty sales of
the Store or underpaid royalty fees or advertising contributions due us under this Agreement, we
will be authorized to initiate immediately a debit to the Account in the appropriate amount in
accordance with the foregoing procedure, including interest as provided for in this Agreement. An
overpayment will be credited to the Account through a credit effective as of the first reporting date
after we and you determine that such credit is due. Our use of electronic funds transfers as a
method of collecting royalty fees and advertising contributions due us does not constitute a waiver
of any of your obligations to provide us with weekly sales reports as provided in Section 14.2 nor
shall it be deemed a waiver of any of the rights and remedies available to us under this Agreement.
If, for any reason other than your fault or neglect, the electronic funds transfer program in which
we require you to participate is not functioning so as to allow you to pay the amounts due under
this Agreement to us, you may seek permission from us to make payment by mail for the period
of time that the electronic funds transfer system is not functioning. If we grant permission for you
to make payment by mail, we will specify the day by which payment must be postmarked and paid
for any week on royalty sales for the week ending on the preceding Sunday.
6.5

Application of Payments.

When we receive a payment from you, we have the right in our sole discretion to apply it
as we see fit to any past due indebtedness of yours due to us or our affiliates, whether for royalties,
advertising contributions, purchases, interest, or for any other reason, regardless of how you may
designate a particular payment to be applied. In addition, we may offset any amount otherwise
due under any discount or rebate program against any amount owed to us.
7.

STORE LOCATION.
7.1

Location and Use.

You may operate the Store only at the location specified in Section 2.1 and you may not
relocate the Store except with our prior written consent. The Store premises may only be used for
11
NTA – 04/01/2025

