(7)

Prescribe the Brand Technology or Computer Systems as described below
(Franchise Agreement – Section 15.9); and

(8)

Loan to you 1 or more manual or electronic copies of an operating manual or
operational bulletins or similar materials containing mandatory and suggested
specifications, standards and operating procedures and rules and information about
your other obligations under the Franchise Agreement and the operation of the
Store (the "Operating Manual"). (Franchise Agreement – Section 15.4). Exhibit M
contains a copy of the table of contents of the Operating Standards as of March
2025 which contains 28 pages and the Product Standards as of March 2025 which
contains 57 pages.

Advertising and Promotion
We have the authority to determine the composition of all geographic territories and market
areas for the advertising and promotion programs. All formulation, development and production
costs of advertising and promotion (including the proportionate compensation of our employees
for advertising functions) are paid from a separate fund administered by the DNAF.
Item 6 describes your Advertising Fund contribution. Your contribution will depend on
the Standard Franchise Agreement or Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement. The
advertising fee for a Domino’s Pizza Traditional Store and a Domino’s Pizza Non-Traditional
Store is currently 4% of Royalty Sales of the Store. Certain franchisees who signed NonTraditional Store Franchise Agreements before April 2025 may contribute to the Advertising
Fund at a different rate. We may waive, in our sole discretion, the payment of a portion of the
advertising fund contribution made by franchisees (i.e., reduce the percentage of the required
contribution) for a period of time we designate based upon market conditions or other relevant
factors. All Stores owned by DPL contribute to the advertising and promotions programs on at
least the same basis as the majority of domestic franchisees in the Domino’s Pizza System.
Vendors and suppliers may contribute to the Advertising Fund. We or our affiliates may hire
advertising source(s) with money from the Advertising Fund to develop, produce and conduct
the advertising and promotion programs.
The Advertising Fund is intended to maximize recognition of the Marks and patronage of
the Stores. We do not have to ensure that Advertising Fund expenditures are proportionate or
equivalent to your contributions for the market area of the Store or that the Store will benefit
directly or in proportion from the advertising.
During the fiscal year that ended December 29, 2024, the Advertising Fund spent a total of
$558,753,341.00; 2.2% was spent on production; 85.2% was spent on media placement; 7.1% was
spent on administrative expenses; and 5.5% was spent on other items (research, talent, public
relations and brand promotions). The Advertising Fund does not spend all advertising funds in the
same fiscal year that they are accrued in. The funds that are not used in the same fiscal year are
used in future years. An annual statement of monies collected, and costs incurred by the
Advertising Fund are available on an annual basis. The Advertising Fund did not spend money to
solicit new franchisees. The Advertising Fund may place advertising in any media. The coverage
July 2025

35

