(2)

You must lease an appropriate site, subject to our approval of the lease prior to your
execution of the lease. Generally, the leases are for 5 years with an option to renew for
5 years. The term and renewal of leases for Domino’s Pizza Non-Traditional Stores will
be subject to negotiation but may be three (3) years or less subject to renewals or extensions
by the parties. The amounts specified for leasehold improvements and security deposits
on a lease and rent are based on our business experience. These costs depend on the size,
condition, and location of the leased premises, and the costs the landlord assumes.

(3)

See Footnote (7) in Item 6 and Items 8 and 11 for information about the Domino’s PULSE
hardware and other technology requirements, including Additional Order Systems. Other
than as described in Items 7 and 8, you may purchase or lease original equipment and
supplies, signs and opening inventory meeting our standards from any approved source,
including DPD. The purchase or lease payments are made to either DPD or other suppliers.
We do not require you to purchase or lease delivery cars and therefore we do not include
these costs in this Item.

(4)

This amount is for opening advertising and promotion and does not include Advertising
Fund or cooperative contributions.

(5)

Training expenses include fees for training materials for each session required for all new
employees, manager candidates, managers and prospective franchisees. The travel
expenses are the participant's responsibility.

(6)

We estimate that annual insurance premiums for a traditional Domino’s Pizza Traditional
Store to range from $25,000 to $75,000; and from $15,000 to $50,000 for a Domino’s Pizza
Non-Traditional. However, this cost may be significantly higher depending on the state
coverage requirements, store location and your loss history.

(7)

The Miscellaneous Opening Costs are our best estimate of the costs and deposits for and
installation of telephones, connectivity, internet, deposits for gas, electricity and related
items. These are paid as incurred to various utilities and suppliers.

(8)

This item estimates your initial startup expenses for 3 months. This item does not include
ongoing inventory purchases, royalty or advertising payments or the cost of any financing
interest or amount of debt service obligation. These figures are estimates and we cannot
guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business. Your costs will
depend on the following factors: how much you follow our methods and procedures; your
management skill, experience and business acumen; local economic conditions; the local
market for your products and services; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales
level reached during the initial period.

(9)

We relied on over 50 years of our affiliates and predecessors business experience to
compile these estimates. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor
before making any decision to purchase the franchise.

July 2025

23

