(d)
immediately pay all royalty fees, advertising contributions and other
charges which are due and owing under this Agreement;
(e)
immediately cease using the Marks and identifying yourself as a
Domino's Pizza Store or as being associated with the Domino's System, including,
without limitation, disabling and ceasing to permit the continued operation of any
website relating to the Store or the Domino's System or which utilizes the Marks;
(f)
if you retain possession of the Store premises, at your expense, make
such reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Store (including
signage, menu boards, job aids, product photos and the like) as we require to
eliminate its identification and appearance as a Domino's Pizza Store, as applicable.
If you fail or refuse to fully de-identify the Store to the extent and in the manner
required by this Agreement, we may, at our option and in addition to other rights
and remedies we may have, make the modifications that are contemplated by this
Agreement on your behalf and you agree to promptly pay and reimburse us on
demand for any costs incurred by us or our designee including, without limitation,
the proportionate compensation of our or our
designee's employees who devote time and render services in the de-identification
of the Store; and
(g)
make the Store accessible and available for us to operate pursuant to
Section 19.8 of this Agreement if we elect to do so.
19.

OPTION TO PURCHASE STORE.
19.1

Option.

Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, except termination by you for cause,
we or our designee shall have the exclusive option, but not the obligation, to purchase the assets
of the Store. For purposes of this section, the term "assets" shall mean the equipment, inventory,
leasehold interests and improvements and favorable rights and covenants of the Store. Our option
shall commence upon expiration of this Agreement or on the effective date of termination as
applicable and shall continue for thirty (30) days thereafter, subject to extension as provided in
this Section. You agree that if the termination is stayed, either by us or by judicial proceedings,
or if we are not permitted to manage the Store pursuant to section 19.8, we will not be able to
exercise our option within the 30 day period and you also agree that under those circumstances our
option to purchase shall be extended, without further notice to you, for an additional time which
shall include the entire time we are unable to exercise our option.
19.2

Formula Price.

The purchase price for these assets shall be equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the first
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00) of royalty sales ("Base Amount") of the Store
during the fifty two (52) full weeks immediately preceding the date of termination or expiration
plus twenty five percent (25%) of royalty sales in excess of the Base Amount up to Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) ("Second Level Base Amount") during this period plus fifty
34
NTA – 04/01/2025

