(10)

From time to time we sell company-owned stores to franchisees. The form of agreement
DPL currently use to sell the assets of company owned stores to franchisees is attached as
Exhibit I (the “Sale of Assets Agreement”). The purchase price of the store will vary and
may be more or less than the amounts set forth in the tables. Of all the sales of company
owned stores in 2024, zero exceeded the upper range of the Total Estimated Initial
Investment in the Item 7 Table.

Development Agreement
An initial investment is not required when you sign the Development Agreement.
However, an initial investment is required each time a Store is opened within your development
area.

Item 8: Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services
We will provide you with specifications for pizza, other authorized food and beverage
preparation, dispensing, storage and display equipment, delivery and related motor vehicles, other
equipment, fixtures, furniture, exterior and interior signs and decorating that we require you to use
or install in the Store. We may specify brands, types or models for any of these items. You may
purchase items meeting our specifications from any source unless we designate an approved source
or sources for any of these items. If you propose to purchase or lease items not previously
approved by us as meeting our specifications or from a vendor not approved by us, you must first
notify us and we may require submission of sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings and/or
other information and samples to determine whether any such item or supplier meets our
specifications or our approved vendor criteria. We will advise you within a reasonable time
whether any proposed item or vendor meets our specifications or our approved vendor criteria.
You must use only such items that meet our specifications in the operation of the Store and to
purchase them from approved vendors, if we so require. We or our affiliates or an approved vendor
may be the only source for some of these items and we may otherwise limit the number of approved
vendors. We reserve the right to charge you for our reasonable expenses in testing and/or
evaluating any proposed item or vendor submitted by you.
Unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, if the property which the Store is located is
not owned by you, you must maintain a lease for the site of the Store (including the lease for the
site of the commissary, if any, which has been approved by us to be operated by you) which must
contain such terms as we specify from time to time for all leases of a similar type. Each original
lease, renewal leases and lease addenda and modification of any type must be submitted to us prior
to execution for our examination and approval that it contains the terms we require in all leases.
You must provide us with a copy of the executed lease, any renewal lease, and any addenda and
modification or other instrument or agreement governing occupancy of the premises within thirty
(30) days after execution by you and the landlord. Attached as Exhibit K is a Rider to Lease which
contains the terms we currently require. This Rider must be signed at the time the lease is executed.

July 2025

24

