we may, at our option and in addition to other rights and remedies we may have, make the
modifications that are contemplated by this Agreement on your behalf and you agree to promptly
pay and reimburse us on demand for any costs incurred by us including, without limitation, the
proportionate compensation of our employees who devote time and render services in the deidentification of the Store.
7.3

Location and Operation of Commissary.

Any commissary operated by you in connection with the Store may be located only at the
premises of the Store or other premises approved by us in writing and must be operated in
accordance with commissary standards prescribed by us from time to time. Such commissary must
be owned by you and operated by you and your employees exclusively for the benefit of the Store
or other Domino's Pizza Stores owned by you and may not be owned or operated by any other
person or entity without our prior written consent. You may not open or operate a commissary
unless you have received prior written notification from us that you have satisfied in advance all
of our requirements for the operation of a commissary, including all required training of
commissary personnel.
7.4

Store Lease.

Unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, if the property on which the Store is located
is not owned by you, you must maintain a lease for the site of the Store (including the lease for the
site of the commissary, if any, to be operated by you in connection with the Store) which shall
contain such terms as we specify from time to time for all leases of a similar type. Each original
lease, renewal leases, and lease addenda and modification of any type must be submitted to us
prior to execution for our examination and approval that it contains the terms we require in all
leases. You must provide us with a copy of the executed lease, any renewal lease, and any addenda
and modification within thirty (30) days after execution by you and the landlord.
7.5

Assumption of Lease on Termination or Expiration.

Upon the termination or expiration of the franchise for any reason, other than a termination
by you for cause, we or our designee shall have the right to assume your status and replace you as
lessee. You agree to execute an assignment of your interest in the lease promptly upon our request.
Upon exercise of our right to assume, your status as lessee, and your compliance with the other
provisions of this section, you will be fully released and discharged from all liability for rent and
all other future liability under the lease (although not from any liability for unpaid rent or any other
then existing liability to the lessor under the lease, including, without limitation, any damages to
the premises or restoration costs). If we exercise our right to assume your lease, we will indemnify
you and hold you harmless against any claim made for future rent or other future liability under
the lease. We will also notify you within ninety (90) days of obtaining your written assignment of
your interest in the lease of any damages to the premise or restoration costs for which you are
liable or responsible.
7.6

Ownership of Store Premises.

If you, or any entity that you own or control, owns any interest in the real estate where
13
SFA – 07/31/2024

