cooperative. DMAC will be informed of any changes to the Co-op By-laws, and the amended Coop By-Laws are mailed or made available upon request to all franchisees. We or our affiliates may
from time to time, change, dissolve or merge any cooperatives. Members of a Co-op may
administer the Co-op or delegate administration to a board of directors.
An independent certified public accountant annually audits the Advertising Fund and
cooperatives funds (i.e., one combined audit for all Funds). The results of the combined audit are
sent to the DNAF board members and are available to you upon request.
From time to time in the past, we have applied, collected or retained a portion of the
contributions or payments made by franchisees under Section 13.2 of the Franchise Agreement for
expenditure by the Advertising Fund with the consent of the regional cooperatives (“Roll-Up”).
Beginning in May 2009, we began asking all existing and new domestic franchisees to amend
Section 13 (“Advertising and Promotion”) of their Franchise Agreement (the “2010 Amendment”)
to authorize us to apply, collect or retain all or part of up to 2% of the Royalty Sales they are
required to contribute under Section 13.2 of the Franchise Agreement starting in 2010 for
expenditure by the Advertising Fund (“Roll-Up”). Under the 2010 Amendment, which was
approved by franchisees, the obligations of franchisees to contribute to the Advertising Fund was
reduced to 3½%. The terms of the 2010 Amendment were incorporated into Section 13 of the
Franchise Agreement in April 2012. In the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013, we
entered into amendments to the 2010 Amendment and the Franchise Agreements containing the
terms of the 2010 Amendment where franchisees agreed to pay 4% of Royalty Sales to the
Advertising Fund notwithstanding the existence of a Roll-Up. However, we agreed that, if total
cumulative same store sales changes were not positive over 2013 and 2014, a franchisee who
signed the 2010 Amendment or the Franchise Agreement incorporating the terms of the 2010
Amendment could ask for a vote of franchisees who signed the 2010 Amendment and Franchise
Agreement containing the terms of the 2010 Amendment to reinstate the reduced contribution to
the Advertising Fund as set forth in their 2010 Amendment and Franchise Agreement. The
procedures for calling for a vote and for reinstatement of the reduced rate are the same as the
procedures set forth below for suspension of a Roll-Up. Franchisees who sign Franchise
Agreements in 2013 and thereafter are obligated under the terms of the Franchise Agreement to
pay 4% of Royalty Sales to the Advertising Fund notwithstanding a vote of the franchisees who
signed the 2010 Amendment or have the terms of the Amendment in Section 13 of their Franchise
Agreement. All contributions made by the franchisee that are included in the Roll-Up will be
construed as if such allocated funds were paid to the cooperative or for local advertising purposes
for purposes of determining the amount of the franchisee’s contribution or payments due under
Section 13.2.
If we commence a Roll-Up, we may continue the Roll-Up for a period of up to 5 years.
Thereafter, we can continue the Roll-Up for additional periods of up to 5 years each unless the
consecutive domestic same store sales percentage change reported by Domino’s Pizza, Inc.
measured from the Roll-Up commencement date until the last day of the fourth year of any such 5
year Roll-Up period is less than .1%. If the same store sales change is less than .1%, we can,
nevertheless, continue a Roll-Up for additional periods of up to 5 years unless (a) during the 1st
quarter of the 5th year of any such Roll-Up period, a vote is requested in writing by any franchisee
in good standing (including, but not limited to, any franchisee not then in default) and who is
July 2025

37

