percent (50%) of royalty sales in excess of the Second Level Base Amount during this period. The
purchase price shall be allocated among the assets and covenants in the manner prescribed by us.
If the Store has been in operation less than fifty two (52) full weeks, the option price shall
be the documented cost of the Store. The term "cost" shall be defined as your documented
expenditures for the equipment, inventory and leasehold improvements of the Store, but shall not
include any charges for labor performed by you or your family members in connection with the
development of the Store or any undocumented costs.
19.3

Purchase of Commissary.

In the event you operate a commissary in connection with the Store, we or our designee
shall also have the option to purchase the assets of the commissary. The purchase price for the
assets of the commissary will be the net book value (based upon a seven year depreciation
schedule).
19.4

Deductions From Purchase Price.

In the event we elect to purchase the assets of the Store, the purchase price will be reduced
by:
(a)
the total current and long term liabilities of the Store assumed by us
as described below; and,
(b)
the amount necessary to upgrade and renovate the Store to meet our
then current standards for a Domino's Pizza Store; and
(c)
our reasonable attorney's fees incurred in connection with enforcing
this Agreement or in securing possession of the Store.
We will assume all current and long term liabilities (except liabilities to you or your owners)
up to the amount of the purchase price subject, however, to all defenses available to you. Further,
the amount we charge for upgrading and renovating the Store will not exceed one and one half
percent (1 1/2%) of the royalty sales of the Store from the date of opening to the date of termination
or expiration reduced by an amount equal to the total expenditures made by you for renovation
and upgrading of the Store at our request up to the date of termination or expiration.
19.5

Payment of Purchase Price.

The balance of the purchase price, after deductions described above will be payable as
follows: ten percent (10%) of the balance at the time of closing and the remainder in sixty (60)
equal monthly installments of principal plus interest at a rate of interest per annum equal to the
prime lending rate charged by Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York (or other bank or
financial institution we may designate) determined as of the closing date with annual adjustments
based on the prime rate charged on each anniversary date. The first payment will be due on the
first day of the second succeeding calendar month following closing and the remaining payments
on the first day of each month thereafter. On the first payment date, interest from the date of
closing shall also be paid. If we elect to pay the entire purchase price at closing, we shall have the
35
NTA – 04/01/2025

