(5)

If you operate a Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store, we may rebate quarterly (or give
you a credit for) up to 3½% of the 4% advertising contribution you pay for local
advertising. We recommend you spend all credits in the calendar year in which they are
given on local advertising expenditures.

(6)

If a cooperative exists and if 65% or more of the Stores in the cooperative agree or are
contractually obligated to contribute a specified percentage of Royalty Sales, then you must
make the same percentage contribution to the cooperative. Each store we operate in the
market contributes to advertising funds, and is entitled to vote, on the same basis as
franchised stores. We have the right to require that you contribute no less than 2% of your
weekly Royalty Sales to the cooperative. If there is no advertising cooperative or if the
Stores have not agreed upon a percentage of Royalty Sales to contribute to the cooperative,
franchisees are required to expend or contribute to the cooperative, as the case may be, an
amount we specify up to and including 2% of the weekly royalty sales of your Store for
local advertising. The maximum amount we can require that you contribute to the national
advertising fund and local and regional advertising expenditures will be 9% of the weekly
Royalty Sales of your Store.

(7)

You must acquire the Domino’s PULSE point of sale computer system (“Domino’s
PULSE”) if you are building a new Store or purchasing an existing Store that is not already
equipped with Domino’s PULSE. The specifications of the Domino’s PULSE system are
discussed below in more detail in Item 11. You must sign a Domino’s PULSE Software
License Agreement with our affiliate, DPD, in the form attached as Exhibit J, to use the
Domino’s PULSE software. The $780.26 per year enhancement fee may be increased in
subsequent years, however, it will not be increased by more than five percent (5%) in any
given year, unless a higher amount is recommended by the Domino’s Technology Advisory
Board. In connection with the Domino’s PULSE License Agreement you will also be
required to sign a Participation Agreement with Microsoft which contains a right to use
certain Microsoft software that is part of Domino’s PULSE at a more favorable price than
retail. You must acquire the Domino’s PULSE hardware from a vendor approved by us.
You will be required to enter into a Domino’s Pizza Help Desk Services Agreement with
DPL, in the form attached as Exhibit H, for Help Desk and Software Support Services for
the entire term of the Domino’s PULSE License Agreement. If we modify the computer
and related technology requirements you may be required to incur costs to purchase, lease
and/or license new or modified computer hardware and/or software and to obtain service
and support. The cost to you of obtaining the software licenses, or additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications thereto, may not be fully amortizable over the term of the
Franchise Agreement. The current cost estimate per store to acquire the hardware and
software required, including payments due us, is $15,000 to $25,000 (other installation and
service fees may apply) and is due as incurred. The difference between the high and low
range is attributable in part to the number of order entry stations and additional Domino’s
PULSE related optional services. The current estimated cost per store for required
maintenance and support contracts, third party software license fees, and upgrades or
updates to the Domino’s PULSE software should not exceed an average of $7,000
annually. This estimated cost per store covers the annual enhancement fee due, system
support services, third party license fees and software upgrades and maintenance including

July 2025

19

