the Store is located, you agree to furnish to us upon request, a copy of the deed and any other
document relating to the title to the real estate and a copy of your owner's policy of title
insurance.
8.

STORE DEVELOPMENT.
8.1

Development and Construction.

You agree that promptly after obtaining possession of the site for the Store you will:
(a)
cause to be prepared and submit for approval by us a site plan and any
modifications to our basic architectural plans and specifications for the Store, including
requirements for dimensions, exterior design, materials, interior layout, equipment,
fixtures, furniture, signs, and decorating. You understand that you may modify our basic
plans and specifications only to the extent required to comply with applicable ordinances,
building codes and permit requirements and only with our prior written approval;
(b)
obtain all required zoning changes; all required building, driveway, utility,
health, sanitation, and sign permits and any other required permits;
(c)
purchase or lease fixtures, furniture and signs meeting our specifications or
requirements and, if we so require, from an approved vendor or vendors designated by us;
(d)
acquire through purchase, lease and/or license the Brand Technology as
required by Section 15.9.1.
(e)
complete the construction and/or remodeling, equipment, fixture, furniture
and sign installation and decorating of the Store in full and strict compliance with plans
and specifications approved by us and all applicable ordinances, building codes and permit
requirements;
(f)
obtain all customary contractors' sworn statements and partial and final
waivers of lien for construction, remodeling, decorating and installation services; and,
(g)
boundaries.
8.2

fully investigate and become familiar with the Store's delivery area and its

Equipment, Fixtures, Furniture and Signs.

We will provide you with specifications for pizza, other authorized food and beverage
preparation, dispensing, storage and display equipment, delivery and related motor vehicles, other
equipment, fixtures, furniture, exterior and interior signs and decorating that we require you to use
or install in the Store. We may specify brands, types or models for any of these items. You may
purchase items meeting our specifications from any source unless we designate an approved source
or sources for any of these items. If you propose to purchase or lease items not previously
approved by us as meeting our specifications or from a vendor not approved by us, you must first
notify us and we may require submission of sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings and/or
other information and samples to determine whether any such item or supplier meets our
14
SFA – 07/31/2024

