and that the Individual Defendants were unjustly enriched by breaching their fiduciary duties. The
Derivative Lawsuits further allege that Weiner engaged in unlawful insider trading before nonpublic information could be publicly disclosed. The Joshi Derivative Lawsuit also alleges that,
should Domino’s be found liable for violations of federal securities laws on account of Weiner’s
and Reddy’s alleged actions, both Weiner and Reddy are liable to Domino’s for contribution under
the Exchange Act. The plaintiffs in the Derivative Lawsuits seek damages in unspecified amounts
from the Individual Defendants, restitution from the Individual Defendants, and disgorgement of
all profits, benefits, and other compensation obtained by the Individual Defendants, as well as
costs and disbursements incurred in the lawsuits, including reasonable attorneys’, accountants’,
and experts’ fees. The Ayers Derivative Lawsuit has been stayed pending the outcome of a motion
to dismiss the Defendants anticipate filing in the Rhode Island securities action. The Ayers and
Joshi Derivative Actions have been consolidated, such that both will be stayed pending the
outcome of the motion to dismiss in the securities action. Defendants have also obtained a stay of
the Kassner Derivative Lawsuit. Defendants intend to vigorously defend against these claims.
Additionally, DPL has been named as a defendant in several labor and employment
lawsuits brought by employees of our franchisees, alleging that we are joint employers with our
franchisees. These lawsuits allege employment and wage and hour violations. We strongly
disagree with the joint employment allegations and intend to vigorously defend these actions.
Concluded Actions
Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc. v. Rutger-Jan Van Spaandonk, (Case
No. 4:14-cv-11289-MAG-MJH (United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Michigan) and Rutger-Jan Van Spaandonk, Rodney Ichikowitz, Keith Warren and
International Food Service Concepts Limited v. Domino’s Pizza International Franchising
Inc., Taste Holdings Limited and Abraham Carel Viljoen, Case No. 17846/14 (High Court of
South Africa, Gauteng Local Division, Johannesburg). In March 2014, Domino’s Pizza
International Franchising Inc. (“International”) filed a lawsuit against Van Spaandonk, an
individual with whom it had been negotiating regarding the possible execution of a Master
Franchise Agreement for certain countries in Africa. International sought a declaration that no
contract existed between it and Van Spaandonk, an injunction enjoining Van Spaandonk from
interfering with Domino’s dealings with its actual master franchisee, and damages for interference
with those dealings. In May 2014, Van Spaandonk, Rodney Ichikowitz, Keith Warren and
International Food Service Concepts Limited (collectively, the “Applicants’) commenced a
proceeding against International, Taste Holdings Limited (an affiliate of International’s master
franchisee for South Africa and certain other countries in Africa), and Abraham Carel Viljoen
(collectively, the “Respondents”) in the High Court of South Africa. The Applicants sought an
order enjoining the Respondents from implementing a master franchise agreement in South Africa,
Swaziland or Lesotho with Taste Holdings Limited, declaring that an agreement existed between
them and International, and directing International to execute the Master Franchise Agreement, as
well as costs incurred. In October of 2015, the parties entered into a Settlement Agreement under
which International paid the Applicants $400,000 and Applicants filed a Notice of Withdrawal
with the High Court of South Africa and International voluntarily dismissed its Michigan lawsuit.

July 2025

11

