Other Assets
Current and long-term other assets primarily include prepaid expenses such as insurance, taxes, deposits, notes
receivable, software licenses, implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements, covenants not-tocompete and other intangible assets primarily arising from franchise acquisitions.
Other long-term assets included implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements (primarily
related to certain enterprise systems) of $14.5 million and $11.1 million, net of accumulated amortization of $9.7
million and $6.2 million as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense for
implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements was $3.5 million, $2.7 million and $1.9 million in
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Additions to property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as
incurred. Depreciation and amortization expense are recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the related assets.
Estimated useful lives are generally as follows (in years):
Buildings
Leasehold and other improvements
Equipment

20
5 – 15
3 – 15

Depreciation and amortization expense on property, plant and equipment was $55.8 million, $52.4 million and
$51.8 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Impairments of Long-Lived Assets
The Company evaluates the potential impairment of long-lived assets at least annually based on various
analyses including, on an annual basis, the projection of undiscounted cash flows and whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If the Company determines
that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable, the Company compares the net
carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted net cash flows to be generated from the use and eventual
disposition of that asset group. For Company-owned stores, the Company performs this evaluation on an operating
market basis, which the Company has determined to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely
independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the amount of the expected
future undiscounted cash flows of that asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the assets. If the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized, and the asset is
written down to its estimated fair value. There were no triggering events in 2024, 2023 and 2022 and accordingly,
the Company did not record any impairment losses on long-lived assets in 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Investments in Marketable Securities
Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in various mutual funds made by eligible
individuals as part of the Company’s deferred compensation plan (Note 7). These investments are stated at aggregate
fair value, are restricted and have been placed in a rabbi trust whereby the amounts are irrevocably set aside to fund
the Company’s obligations under the deferred compensation plan. The Company classifies and accounts for these
investments in marketable securities as trading securities.
Goodwill
The Company’s goodwill amounts primarily relate to franchise store acquisitions. The Company performs its
required impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and did not recognize any goodwill impairment
charges in 2024, 2023 and 2022.

9

