5.

OPENING ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION EXPENDITURE.

If you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity) are opening your (or his
or her) first Domino's Pizza Store, you must submit to us proof no later than ninety (90) days after
opening of the Store that you have spent at least Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) on grand
opening advertising and promotion.
6.

ROYALTY FEE AND OTHER CHARGES.
6.1

Amount and Payment.

During the term of the franchise, you agree to pay us a royalty fee of five and one-half
percent (5-1/2%) of the weekly royalty sales of the Store. This fee must be paid by Thursday of
each week on royalty sales for the week ending on the preceding Sunday. Payment must be made
by electronic funds transfer as provided in Section 6.4 below or as we may otherwise designate
from time to time.
6.2

Definition of Royalty Sales.

The term "royalty sales" means the total receipts from all sales by the Store of all pizza,
beverages and other products or services authorized for sale at the Store or at any approved off-site
location but exclusive of sales or equivalent taxes, coupon and similar discounts, and beverage
container deposits approved by us. Premium or similar promotional items must be included in
computing royalty sales unless these items have been sold at or below cost by the Store. Premium
or similar promotional items shall not be deemed to include any food or beverage item unless
otherwise specified by us.
6.3

Interest on Late Payments.

All royalty fees, advertising contributions and all other amounts owed to us pursuant to this
Agreement will bear interest after the due date at the rate of one and one-half percent (1½%) per
month or at the highest legal rate for open account business credit in the state in which the Store
is located, whichever is lower.
6.4

Electronic Funds Transfer.

You must participate in an electronic funds transfer program under which royalty fees and
advertising contribution payments are deducted or paid electronically from your bank account.
We may permit you to initiate payments via a system established or approved by us, or at our
option, require you to authorize us to initiate debit and/or credit entries and/or credit correction
entries to your Store bank operating account (the "Account") for payment of royalty fees and
advertising contributions on forms we prescribe. In the event you are required to authorize us to
initiate debit entries, you agree to make the funds available in the Account for withdrawal by
electronic transfer no later than the due date for payment. The amount actually transferred from
the Account to pay royalty fees and advertising contributions will be based on the Store's royalty
sales reported to us. If you have not reported royalty sales of the Store to us for any reporting
period, we will be authorized to debit the Account in an amount equal to the royalty fee transferred
11
SFA – 07/31/2024

