pay the expenses of the Store, we will notify you or your executor, administrator, conservator or
other personal representative and this person must deposit in the fund within five (5) business
days, any amount required by us to attain a reasonable balance in the fund.
21.8

Right of First Refusal of DPF.

If you or your owners propose to sell or transfer all or any part of the Store (or its assets)
or, if you are an Approved Entity, any ownership interest in an Approved Entity and you or your
owners obtain a bona fide, executed written offer to purchase or otherwise transfer or acquire this
interest, you or your owners are obligated to deliver a copy of the bona fide offer to us along with
all documents to be executed by you or your owners and the proposed assignee or transferee. Our
right of first refusal shall commence upon the date of our receipt of the following: (i) the bona fide,
executed written offer to purchase, transfer or acquire; (ii) all documents to be executed by you or
your owners and the proposed assignee or transferee; (iii) all documents related to the operation
of the Store which you are required to provide us, including, but not limited to a current copy of
the lease for the Store and such financial statements as are required of you under Section 14.2 of
this Agreement; and (iv) your notice that you are specifically submitting the documents to give us
the right to exercise our right of first refusal, and shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days
thereafter. Failure to submit any one or more of the items, including the notice of the purpose of
the submission, shall result in our right of first refusal being extended until 30 days after we receive
all of the required documents and the notice. We shall exercise the right to purchase or otherwise
acquire the Store (or its assets) or such ownership interest for the price and on the terms and
conditions contained in the offer by giving written notice to you or your owners. We may
substitute equivalent cash for any form of payment proposed in such offer or designate a substitute
purchaser or transferee for the Store (or the assets) or the ownership interest being offered,
provided that we will assume responsibility for the performance of any other purchaser we may
designate. If the offer is to purchase the interest of a Controlling Person and is for less than all of
the outstanding interests of the Approved Entity, we shall also have the right, during the same
period of time described above and upon written notice to the other owners, to purchase or
otherwise acquire the remaining shares of capital stock, partnership interest or membership interest
at a per share or per unit or interest price (or other terms) equivalent to the price (or other terms)
being offered under the bona fide offer to the Controlling Person. If we do not exercise this right
of first refusal, the offer may be accepted by you or your owners, subject to our prior written
approval as provided in this Agreement. If the offer is not accepted by you or your owners, within
sixty (60) days, we will again have the right of first refusal to purchase or otherwise acquire the
Store as described above. This section will not apply to transfers made in accordance with Section
21.3 of this Agreement.
22.

CONTRACT INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT.
22.1

Effect of Waivers.

No waiver by us of any breach or a series of breaches of this Agreement shall constitute a
waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the performance of any of your obligations under
this Agreement. Our acceptance of any payment from you or the failure, refusal or neglect by us
or you to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon full compliance with our or

43
SFA – 07/31/2024

