alone cannot adequately compensate us if there is a violation of these provisions by you or your
owners, that we will suffer irreparable harm arising out of any such violation, and that injunctive
relief against you and your owners is essential for the protection of us and our franchisees.
Accordingly, we will have the right to petition a court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive
relief against you and your owners without posting any bond or security whatsoever, in addition
to all other remedies that may be available to us under this Agreement or applicable law.
21.

ASSIGNMENT.
21.1

By DPF.

This Agreement is fully assignable by us and the assignee or other legal successor to our
interests will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Agreement.
21.2

By Franchisee.

This Agreement is personal to you and your owners (if you are an Approved Entity).
Accordingly, neither you nor any of your owners may assign or transfer this Agreement, any
interest in this Agreement or, if you are an Approved Entity, any interest in an Approved Entity
except as specifically authorized under this Agreement. A transfer of ownership of the Store (or
its assets) may only be made in conjunction with a transfer of this Agreement. Any attempted
assignment or transfer not in accordance with this Agreement shall have no effect and shall
constitute a breach of this Agreement.
21.3

Assignment to an Approved Entity.

We will allow you to assign this Agreement and the Store (and its assets) to an Approved
Entity for the convenience of ownership of the Store, provided:
(a)
the Approved Entity conducts no business other than the operation of the
Store or other Domino's Pizza Stores (or other related activities authorized under this
Agreement);
(b)

the Approved Entity is actively managed by you;

(c)
the person designated as the Controlling Person owns and controls not less
than fifty-one percent (51%) of the general partnership interest of such partnership, the
equity and voting power of all classes of issued and outstanding capital stock of such
corporation, the membership interest in the limited liability company or the voting and
ownership interests of such entity; and
(d)
all owners meet our requirements as established from time to time by us and
agree to guarantee the obligations of the Approved Entity under this Agreement and to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement in the manner prescribed by us.
If you are an Approved Entity or if this Agreement is assigned to an Approved Entity, you
must comply with the requirements set forth in this Section 21.3 throughout the term of this
Agreement. The organization documents of any Approved Entity owning the franchise, including
40
SFA – 07/31/2024

