direct and related rights and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all
data generated by the Additional Order Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment you
purchase directly for the purpose of gaining access to the Additional Order System. You must also
comply with all standards, operations and procedures related to e-mail capabilities of the Store and
other electronic communication methods (including high-speed broadband connectivity, highspeed broadband monitoring, and methods and means of encryption and access to our network
resources) and devices to facilitate communication with us or our offices, including the exchange
of information between the Store and us.
We have developed a Global Positioning System technology platform, including a Driver App,
that enables the location-tracking of deliveries electronically. Pursuant to the Global Positioning
System Technology Platform Agreement attached as Exhibit Q (“Global Positioning System
Technology Platform Agreement”) and operating standards, stores must have the approved
Domino’s Global Positioning System (“GPS”) and Digital Shoulder Surfing (“DSS”) technology
platforms operational and active during store hours and must use the tracking functionality of the
Driver App with a minimum percentage of the store’s delivery orders each period as set forth in
the current operating standards.
Site Selection
You have the primary responsibility for locating a site. We will approve the location before
issuing the franchise agreement for the Store.
We may make a store siting model available to franchisees to use in considering where to
locate a Domino’s Pizza store. This is a model for site location which has been developed in
conjunction with a third party vendor. The model is only a business tool based in part on statistics.
Under the Development Agreement, our approval of a location and the delivery of a
Franchise Agreement is conditioned upon our determination that: (i) you have the financial
capacity and skills necessary to develop and operate the Store; (ii) the proposed site is within the
development area and is suitable based upon our criteria; and (iii) you and your owners comply
with the Development Agreement and all Franchise Agreements signed under the Development
Agreement and have furnished all information that we requested.
We estimate that there will be an interval of 1 to 6 months between submitting an
application and the opening of the Store, but this interval will depend on the location and condition
of the site. You must open the Store for business within 6 months after signing the Franchise
Agreement unless we agree otherwise.
Training
Prior to applying for and obtaining our approval for the rights to franchise and operate a
Domino’s Pizza store, you, as the Controlling Person, must complete all training required to
operate the Store. The type and duration of the training will depend on whether you have at least
twelve (12) consecutive months of current management or supervisory experience within the
Domino’s Pizza system. All training programs will be held online or at times and places we
July 2025

40

