2.

GRANT AND TERM OF FRANCHISE.
2.1

Grant.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, DPF grants to you a franchise to operate a Domino's
Pizza Store (the "Store") under the Domino's System and a sublicense to use the Marks in the
operation of the Store at the following location: Domino's Pizza Store #
located at:
2.2

Term of Franchise.

The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of ten (10) years, commencing on the date
of opening of the Store (or if this Agreement is being signed in connection with a renewal or
transfer of the franchise, commencing on the day following the expiration or termination of the
previous franchise agreement, as the case may be).
3.

RENEWAL OF FRANCHISE.
3.1

Option to Renew.

You may, at your option, renew the franchise for one additional ten (10) year term by
signing a new franchise agreement with us, provided:
(a)
you are not in material default of any provision of this Agreement or any
other agreement with us or our subsidiaries or affiliates or any other creditor or supplier of
the Store and have substantially complied with the terms and conditions of these
agreements during their terms. For purposes of this Section 3.1(a), "substantial
compliance" shall mean that you have not (i) breached or violated the terms of this
Agreement on six (6) or more occasions during the term of this Agreement or on three (3)
or more occasions during the last twenty four (24) months prior to the expiration of the
term of this Agreement regardless of whether or not you cured any such breach or violation,
or (ii) engaged in any conduct or act described in Section 18.2.1 of this Agreement at any
time during the term of this Agreement regardless of whether or not you cured any such
breach or violation;
(b)
you are able to maintain possession of the Store premises or to secure and
develop a suitable alternative site approved by us;
(c)
you refurbish the site as provided in Sections 9 and 15 of this Agreement
or, if we require, agree to relocate the premises of the Store to a location approved by us
and develop the premises in accordance with our then current requirements. If we require
you to relocate the premises of the Store, you will be entitled to credit the costs of
developing the new premises toward any refurbishing obligations you may have under the
franchise agreement executed in connection with such renewal; and

8
SFA – 07/31/2024

