ingredient, supply or material not previously approved by us as conforming to our specifications
and quality standards must be submitted for examination and/or testing prior to use. We reserve
the right from time to time to examine the facilities of any approved supplier or distributor,
including the commissary operated by you, if any, and to conduct reasonable testing and inspection
of the ingredients, materials or supplies to determine whether they meet our standards and
specifications. We also reserve the right to charge fees for testing and evaluating proposed
suppliers or distributors and examining and inspecting commissary operations and to impose
reasonable limitations on the number of approved suppliers or distributors of any product.
Approval of a supplier or distributor may be conditioned on requirements relating to frequency of
delivery and standards of service including prompt attention to complaints and the ability to service
and supply Stores within areas designated by us.
13.

ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION.
13.1

By DPF.

We or our designee will from time to time formulate, develop, produce and conduct
advertising and promotional programs in the form and media as we or our designee determines to
be most effective. You agree to participate in all national and local and regional advertising and
promotions as we determine to be appropriate for the benefit of the Domino's System. We reserve
the right, in our sole discretion, to determine the composition of all geographic territories and
market areas for the development and implementation of advertising and promotion programs. All
costs of the formulation, development and production of any such advertising and promotion
(including without limitation the proportionate compensation of our employees who devote time
and render services in the formulation, development and production of such advertising and
promotion programs or the administration of the funds), will be paid from a separate fund
administered by a separate not for profit entity (the "Advertising Fund"). You will be obligated to
pay four percent (4%) of the weekly royalty sales of the Store to the Advertising Fund. Your
contribution to the Advertising Fund must be paid by Thursday of each week on royalty sales for
the week ending on the preceding Sunday. Payment must be made by electronic funds transfer as
provided in Section 6.4 of this Agreement or as we may otherwise designate from time to time.
All Domino's Pizza Stores owned by us or our affiliates will contribute to the cost of such
advertising and promotion programs on at least the same basis as the majority of domestic
franchisees in the Domino's System. We will submit to you upon request an annual statement of
monies collected and costs incurred by the Advertising Fund. We reserve the right to engage the
services of an advertising source or sources to formulate, develop, produce and conduct the
advertising and promotion programs, the cost of such services to be payable from the Advertising
Fund.
You acknowledge and understand that the Advertising Fund is intended to maximize
general public recognition and patronage of the Marks in the manner determined to be most
effective by us and our affiliates and that neither we nor our affiliates undertake any obligation in
developing, implementing or administering these programs to ensure that expenditures which are
proportionate or equivalent to your contributions are made for the market area of the Store or that
any Domino's Pizza Store will benefit directly or pro rata from the placement of advertising or
from other promotional programs.

18
SFA – 07/31/2024

