(1)
Type of Fee
Menuboard
Client Bundle

1

(2)

(3)

(4)

Amount

Due Date

Remarks

Currently $430.33
but could increase
if costs increase

As Invoiced

Includes flex client,
cabling, and cable
management. Does not
include staging, shipping,
nor flex client fees.

(1)

All fees are imposed by and payable to us or our affiliates. All fees are non-refundable.

(2)

We may from time to time implement incentive programs to encourage system growth,
improve store performance or accomplish other objectives designed to benefit the System.
Under these incentive programs, we may reduce weekly royalty fees and/or reduce or
eliminate advertising contributions payable by a participating franchisee for a period of
time, including national and mandatory local advertising contributions (but not voluntary
local co-op amounts approved by the local co-ops). We may impose limits on the amount
of the incentives received under a particular program. The participating franchisee may
also be asked to pay a reservation fee (which is currently $25,000) for the right to develop
one or more stores under an incentive program, which will ordinarily only be payable if
the store or stores are not leased, constructed and/or opened within the time periods we
specify. We reserve the right to modify or terminate these incentive programs in our sole
discretion and to implement and grant these and other new or modified incentive programs
to franchisees who we determine to be eligible for these programs under terms we deem
appropriate.

(3)

Royalty Sales do not include sales and equivalent taxes and coupons and similar discounts
we approve. For Non-Traditional Pizza Stores located in stadiums and airports,
commissions payable to the stadium or airport authorities other than up-front fees are
deducted from total receipts in computing Royalty Sales. Premium items or similar items
are included in computing Royalty Sales unless these items have been sold at or below
cost. Unless we otherwise specify, premium items or similar items do not include any food
or beverage item.

(4)

The percentage currently charged for a Domino's Pizza Traditional Store and a Domino’s
Pizza Non-Traditional Store is 4% of the weekly Royalty Sales. Certain franchisees who
signed Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreements before April 2025 may contribute to
the Advertising Fund at a different rate.
We may waive, in our sole discretion, the payment of a portion of the advertising fund
contribution made by franchisees (i.e., reduce the percentage of the required contribution)
for a period of time we designate based upon market conditions or other relevant factors.
We and our affiliates may set up a separate advertising fund for Domino's Pizza NonTraditional Stores.

July 2025

18

