What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally
Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other fees even
if you are losing money.
Business Model Can Change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor to
change its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may require
you to make additional investments in your franchise business or may harm your franchise
business.
Supplier restriction. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a limited
group of suppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive than
similar items you could buy on your own.
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a
similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other restrictions. Some
examples may include controlling your location, access to customers, what you sell, how
you market, and your hours of operation.
Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory.
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if it does, you
may have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to continue
to operate your franchise business.
When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a
similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have obligations to your landlord
or other creditors.
Some States Require Registration
Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors to
register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that
the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To
find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the agency
information in Exhibit A.
Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be
made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State Specific Addenda.
See the Table of Contents for the location of the State Specific Addenda.

July 2025

