time to a person meeting our requirements. All such transfers must also comply with Section 21.4
of this Agreement. Your or any of your owners' failure to transfer the interest in accordance with
the provisions of this Section shall be considered a breach of this Agreement.
21.6

Definition of Permanent Disability.

You or your Controlling Person, will be deemed to have a "permanent disability" if you or
your Controlling Person's usual, active participation in the Store as contemplated by this
Agreement is for any reason curtailed for a continuous period of six (6) months.
21.7

Operation by DPF After Death or Permanent Disability.

We shall have the right to appoint a manager for the Store if in our judgment the Store is
not being managed properly after your death or permanent disability or the death or permanent
disability of the Controlling Person. Our right to appoint a manager for the Store includes the right
to temporarily or permanently cease operations at the Store, if in our reasonable judgment
continued operation of the Store will adversely affect the Marks, the long term reputation of the
Store or the Domino's System, or present a risk to public health, welfare and safety, including the
well-being of the employees of the Store. All funds from the operation of the Store during the
management by our appointed manager will be kept in a separate fund, and all expenses of the
Store including compensation, other costs, and travel and living expenses of our manager will be
charged to this fund. We will charge a management fee of five and one-half percent (5 1/2%) (in
addition to the royalty fee and advertising contributions payable under this Agreement) during the
period in which the Store is managed on your behalf. In managing the Store, our obligation will
be to use our reasonable efforts to ensure the Store is properly managed, and neither we nor our
affiliates will be liable for any debts, losses or obligations of the Store, to any of your creditors for
any products, materials, supplies or services purchased by the Store prior to or during the time of
management by our appointed manager. If the separate fund that is established is insufficient to
pay the expenses of the Store, we will notify you or your executor, administrator, conservator or
other personal representative and this person must deposit in the fund within five (5) business days,
any amount required by us to attain a reasonable balance in the fund.
21.8

Right of First Refusal of DPF.

If you or your owners propose to sell or transfer all or any part of the Store (or its assets)
or, if you are an Approved Entity, any ownership interest in an Approved Entity and you or your
owners obtain a bona fide, executed written offer to purchase or otherwise transfer or acquire this
interest, you or your owners are obligated to deliver a copy of the bona fide offer to us along with
all documents to be executed by you or your owners and the proposed assignee or transferee. Our
right of first refusal shall commence upon the date of our receipt of the following: (i) the bona fide,
executed written offer to purchase, transfer or acquire; (ii) all documents to be executed by you or
your owners and the proposed assignee or transferee; (iii) all documents related to the operation
of the Store which you are required to provide us, including, but not limited to a current copy of
the lease for the Store and such financial statements as are required of you under Section 14.2 of
this Agreement; and (iv) your notice that you are specifically submitting the documents to give us
the right to exercise our right of first refusal, and shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days
thereafter. Failure to submit any one or more of the items, including the notice of the purpose of
43
NTA – 04/01/2025

