h.
Verifying compliance. You must keep records relating to the products you run. Microsoft has the right to verify
compliance with these terms and any applicable product use rights, at its expense, during the term of the agreement and for a period
of one year thereafter. To do so, Microsoft will engage an independent accountant from a nationally recognized public accounting
firm, which will be subject to a confidentiality obligation. Verification will take place upon not fewer than 15 days notice, during normal
business hours and in a manner that does not interfere unreasonably with your operations. As an alternative, Microsoft may require
you to accurately complete its self-audit questionnaire relating to the products you use. If verification or self-audit reveals unlicensed
use of products, you must promptly order sufficient licenses to permit all product usage disclosed. If material unlicensed use is found
(license shortage of 5% or more), you must reimburse Microsoft for the costs it has incurred in verification and acquire the necessary
additional licenses as single retail licenses within 30 days. If Microsoft undertakes such verification and does not find material
unlicensed use of products, it will not undertake another such verification for at least one year. Microsoft and its auditors will use the
information obtained in compliance verification only to enforce its rights and to determine whether you are in compliance with these
terms and the product use rights. By invoking the rights and procedures described above, Microsoft does not waive its rights to
enforce these terms or the product use rights, or to protect its intellectual property by any other means permitted by law.
i.
Dispute Resolution; Applicable Law. This Participation Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the
laws of the jurisdiction whose law governs the agreement. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and
federal courts located in such jurisdiction.
Your violation of the above-referenced terms and conditions shall be deemed to be a breach of this Participation Agreement and
shall be grounds for immediate termination of all rights granted hereunder.

Dated as of the

.

CUSTOMER AFFILIATE: «FranFormalName»

Signature: Name:
«FranFormalName»

FCode:

Individually and as authorized representative
of each Owned Entity
F

Date:

January 2025

9

