in the cooperative. All Domino's Pizza Stores participating in a cooperative shall contribute no
less than 2% of royalty sales. All Stores which are contractually obligated to contribute the
specified percentage of royalty sales voted upon by the cooperative shall be counted as a favorable
vote, whether or not they attend or vote at the meeting. We agree that the maximum aggregate
amount we can obligate you to contribute for advertising and promotion under this Section 13.2
and Section 13.1 will be nine percent (9%) of the royalty sales of your Store. All contributions
payable under this Section 13.2 must be paid by Thursday of each week on royalty sales for the
week ending on the preceding Sunday. Payment must be made by electronic funds transfer as
provided in Section 6.4 of this Agreement or as we may otherwise designate from time to time.
Nothing contained in this Section 13.2 shall limit, affect or supersede any obligation on your part
to contribute a greater percentage of the royalty sales of the Store pursuant to any separate
agreement or understanding you may have with any such local or regional advertising or
promotional cooperative. We reserve the right, on our behalf and on behalf of our affiliates, to
engage the services of an advertising source or sources to formulate, develop, produce and conduct
the advertising and promotion programs for the cooperatives or for local advertising if no
cooperatives exists with the cost of these services payable from the cooperative advertising budget
or contributions made by you in accordance with this provision.
13.3

By Franchisee.

All of your advertising, promotions and media relations, including, but not limited to, all
public relations, social media, events and all advertising and promotions conducted by you or your
employees whether through public appearances or in print, or on radio, television, the Internet, and
other electronic media ("Your Advertising"), must be completely factual and shall conform to the
highest standards of ethical advertising and be consistent with the then current image and policies
relating to advertising and promotional programs of a Domino's Pizza Store. In the event Your
Advertising, in our judgment, is deemed to be inappropriate in any way, you shall immediately
terminate or remove Your Advertising upon receipt of notice from us. We do not assume any of
your duties and responsibilities related to Your Advertising.
14.

RECORDS AND REPORTS.
14.1

Bookkeeping and Recordkeeping.

You agree to establish and retain a bookkeeping, recordkeeping, computer and point of sale
system (including a record of the names, addresses, telephone numbers and order history of the
customers in your Store's delivery area all in form and format designated by us) conforming to the
requirements prescribed by us, relating, without limitation, to the use and retention of daily sales
information, counts of pizza types and other approved menu items sold, coupons, purchase orders,
purchase invoices, payroll records, check stubs, bank statements, sales tax records and returns,
cash receipts and disbursements, checks and credit card sales, journals and general ledgers,
including any comparable electronically generated information or any supporting records or
materials we may require or prescribe. You agree to retain all business records and reports
(whether paper or electronically generated) relating to the Store in accordance with record
retention policies and guidelines prescribed by us, from time to time, and for the time limits
required by all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations. You also agree to maintain an
emergency back-up order taking system and other back-up operational procedures identified by us
20
SFA – 07/31/2024

