Advertising
U.S. stores are generally required to contribute a percentage of retail sales to DNAF, as described in the
revenue recognition section above. U.S. franchise advertising costs are accrued and expensed when the related U.S.
franchise advertising revenues are recognized, as DNAF is obligated to expend such revenues on advertising and
other activities that promote the Domino’s brand. U.S. franchise advertising costs expended by DNAF are included
in U.S. franchise advertising expenses in the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Advertising costs
funded by Company-owned stores are generally expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative
expense. Contributions from Company-owned stores that have not yet been expended are included in advertising
fund assets, restricted on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Advertising expense included $509.9 million, $473.2 million and $485.3 million of U.S. franchise advertising
expense in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Advertising expense also included $33.4 million, $33.5 million and
$33.8 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily related to advertising costs funded by U.S. Companyowned stores and other general marketing expenses which are included in general and administrative expense in the
consolidated statements of income.
As of December 29, 2024, advertising fund assets, restricted of $103.4 million consisted of $80.9 million of
cash and cash equivalents, $14.3 million of accounts receivable and $8.2 million of prepaid expenses. As of
December 29, 2024, advertising fund cash and cash equivalents included $1.8 million of cash contributed from U.S.
Company-owned stores that had not yet been expended.
As of December 31, 2023, advertising fund assets, restricted of $106.3 million consisted of $88.2 million of
cash and cash equivalents, $14.0 million of accounts receivable and $4.1 million of prepaid expenses. As of
December 31, 2023, advertising fund cash and cash equivalents included $2.1 million of cash contributed from U.S.
Company-owned stores that had not yet been expended.
Leases
The Company leases certain retail store and supply chain center locations, vehicles, equipment and its
corporate headquarters. The Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract
inception. The majority of the Company’s leases are classified as operating leases, which are included in operating
lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases
are included in property, plant and equipment, current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease
payments over the lease term at the commencement date for leases exceeding 12 months. Minimum lease payments
include only the fixed lease component of the agreement, as well as any variable rate payments that depend on an
index, initially measured using the index at the lease commencement date. Lease terms may include options to
renew when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option.
The Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate for each lease using a portfolio approach based on the
respective weighted average term of the agreements. This estimation considers the market rates of the Company’s
outstanding collateralized borrowings and interpolations of rates outside of the terms of the outstanding borrowings,
including comparisons to comparable borrowings of similarly rated companies with longer term borrowings.
Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in cost of
sales or general and administrative expense. Amortization expense for finance leases is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term and is included in cost of sales or general and administrative expense. Interest expense for
finance leases is recognized using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on a
rate or index, payments associated with non-lease components and short-term rentals (leases with terms less than 12
months) are expensed as incurred.
Contributions
During the normal course of business, the Company receives contributions from the Parent related to the
proceeds received from the issuance of shares of the Parent’s common stock and from the exercise of Parent stock
options. The Company received contributions from the Parent related to proceeds from the exercises of Parent stock
options of $36.0 million, $8.7 million and $3.3 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Distributions
During the normal course of business, the Company makes discretionary distributions to Domino’s and the
Parent allowing for the payment of certain taxes, declaration and payment of Parent dividends and repurchases of
shares of the Parent’s common stock. The Company made discretionary distributions to the Parent of $550.6 million,
$444.2 million and $462.0 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
13

