(a)
methods of pizza, other authorized food and beverage preparation,
packaging and sale; and
(b)
the establishment of administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, inventory
control and general operating procedures.
You acknowledge and understand that it is not our responsibility or duty to operate the
Store and we do not have the legal right to direct your employees in the operation of the Store.
Those functions remain your sole responsibility and duty. Further, you understand that the
assistance provided to you under this Section 11 does not obligate us to provide the accounting,
bookkeeping, administrative, inventory control or marketing services required for the operation of
the Store or to otherwise operate the Store. By providing advice or suggestions, we do not assume
any of your responsibilities or duties.
11.2

Operating Problems.

We will advise you from time to time of operating problems of the Store disclosed by
reports submitted to or inspections made by us or our designee. We will make no separate charge
for operating or marketing assistance except that we may make reasonable charges for forms and
other materials supplied to you and for operating assistance made necessary in our judgment as a
result of your failure to comply with any provision of this Agreement or for operating assistance
requested by you in excess of that normally provided by us. By providing advice, certifications or
suggestions, we do not assume any of your responsibilities or duties.
12.

STORE PRODUCTS.
12.1

Store Menu.

You agree that you will offer for sale and sell at the Store for final consumption and not
for resale, all pizza and other authorized food and beverage products and perform the carry-out
and delivery services that we from time to time authorize; provided, however, you may offer for
resale authorized products for certain programs approved by us. Such approval will not be
unreasonably withheld and the decision to approve shall be based upon: (i) quality assurance; (ii)
brand image; (iii) and such other factors as we determine. You also agree that you will not offer
for sale or sell at the Store any other products or services.
12.2

Pizza Ingredients, Supplies and Materials.

All pizza and other food ingredients, beverage products, cooking materials, containers,
packaging materials, other paper and plastic products, utensils, uniforms, menus, forms, cleaning
and sanitation materials and other supplies and materials used in the operation of the Store must
conform to the specifications and quality standards established by us from time to time. You must
use in the operation of the Store boxes, containers and other paper or plastic products imprinted
with the Marks as prescribed from time to time by us. We may in our sole discretion require that
ingredients, supplies and materials used in the storage, preparation, packaging, and delivery of
pizza and other authorized food products be purchased exclusively from us, our affiliates or from
approved suppliers or distributors. You agree to request delivery of food products to the Store in
quantities and in a manner that is consistent with policies prescribed from time to time by us. Any
17
SFA – 07/31/2024

