that: (a) you be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 days' to cure) and 180
days' notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement; and (b) we will not
unreasonably withhold our consent to assignment, transfer, or sale of the franchise
whenever the transferee meets the present qualifications and standards required of
our franchisees within the Domino’s franchise system.
3.
document:

The following additional disclosures are added to the franchise disclosure

Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to use the
trademarks. See Minnesota Statute 80C.12 Subd. 1(G). We will protect your rights
to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes, or other commercial
symbols or indemnify you from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any claim,
suit, or demand regarding the use of the name.
Any release required as a condition of renewal, sale and/or transfer/assignment will
not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims arising
under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D.
Minn. Rule 2860.4400(J) provides that you cannot be required to consent to our
obtaining injunctive relief. We may seek injunctive relief. Also, a court will
determine if a bond is required.
No action may be commenced pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, Subd. 5. more
than 3 years after the cause of action accrues.
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn.
Stat. Sec. 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 on service charges.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us,
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
WASHINGTON:
1.

The following additional disclosures are added to the franchise disclosure
document:

In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also
be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with
the franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.
July 2025

84

