15.
Notices. All written notices permitted or required to be delivered shall be deemed
so delivered when delivered to you by: (i) hand delivery, (ii) three (3) days after having been
placed in the United States Mail by Registered or Certified Mail, (iii) one (1) day after being
placed in the hands of a commercial courier service for next day delivery, or (iv) one (1) day
after transmission by telecopy or other electronic system (including via e-mail and including emails which you are the only addressee or one of multiple addressees). Notices delivered
pursuant to this section, including, without limitation, e-mail, shall be addressed to us at our most
current principal business address or to you at the most current principal business address or
home address of which we have been notified in writing. You are obligated to provide us with a
correct current address for your home and business and to notify us of any change in address
within ten (10) business days. If you maintain an e-mail address for your business you agree to
provide us with your business e-mail address and notify us of any change in your e-mail address
within ten (10) business days. You understand and agree that providing us with notice of changes
in addresses (including e-mail address) shall be made in the manner provided in this section for
giving notices. If you fail to timely notify us of a change of address (including e- mail, business
or home), all notices sent to the prior address will be deemed properly delivered.
16.
Governing Law. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted
in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State in which the Development Area is
predominantly located.
17.
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States. The following
provision applies only to developers and development arrangements that are subject to the state
franchise registration/disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland,
Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia,
Washington, or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law,
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by DPF, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf of DPF.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.
18.
Effective Date of this Agreement. This Agreement shall take effect upon the
date of its acceptance and execution by all parties hereto.
DOMINO’S PIZZA FRANCHISING LLC

DEVELOPER

By:

By:

Colleen McCormick
Its: Sr. Manager – Regulatory Affairs and
Contracts

Its:

DATED:

DATED:

January 2023 DA

4

