this Agreement and all other agreements with us and our affiliates and subsidiaries and all other
creditors and suppliers of the Store up to the date of expiration.
4.

TERRITORIAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
4.1

Area of Primary Responsibility.

The premises of the Store will be your Area of Primary Responsibility
Provided you are in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and except as otherwise
provided in Section 4.3, neither we nor our affiliates will operate or grant a franchise for the
operation of a Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store during the term of this Agreement whose
area of primary responsibility overlaps your Area of Primary Responsibility.
5.

OPENING ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION EXPENDITURE.

If you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity) are opening your (or his
or her) first Domino's Pizza Store, you must submit to us proof no later than ninety (90) days after
opening of the Store that you have spent at least Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) on grand
opening advertising and promotion.
6.

ROYALTY FEE AND OTHER CHARGES.
6.1

Amount and Payment.

During the term of the franchise, you agree to pay us a royalty fee of five and one half
percent (5½%) of the weekly royalty sales of the Store. This fee must be paid by Thursday of
each week on royalty sales for the week ending on the preceding Sunday. Payment must be made
by electronic funds transfer as provided in Section 6.4 below or as we may otherwise designate
from time to time.
6.2

Definition of Royalty Sales.

The term "royalty sales" means the total receipts from all sales by the Store of all pizza,
beverages and other products or services authorized for sale at the Store or at any approved off site
location but exclusive of sales or equivalent taxes, coupon and similar discounts, and beverage
container deposits approved by us. Premium or similar promotional items must be included in
computing royalty sales unless these items have been sold at or below cost by the Store. Premium
or similar promotional items shall not be deemed to include any food or beverage item unless
otherwise specified to us.
6.3

Interest on Late Payments.

All royalty fees, advertising contributions and all other amounts owed to us pursuant to this
Agreement will bear interest after the due date at the rate of one and one half percent (1½%) per

10
NTA – 04/01/2025

