RECEIPT
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in plain
language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.
If Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC (“DPF”) offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you
ten business days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in
connection with the proposed franchise sale. [However, some state franchise laws require that DPF provide this
disclosure document to you at the first personal meeting held to discuss the franchise sale].
If DPF does not deliver this disclosure document on time or it contains a false or misleading statement, or a material
omission, a violation of federal and state law may have occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade
Commission Washington, D. C. 20580 and your respective state agency.
The name, principal business address and telephone number of each franchise seller is as follows:
Colleen McCormick, Sr. Manager – Regulatory Affairs and Contracts, Dominos’ Pizza Franchising LLC, 24 Frank
Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48105-9484, (734) 930-3030.
Issuance Date: April 1, 2025, as amended July 30, 2025.
We authorize the respective state agencies identified on Exhibit A to receive service of process for DPF in the
particular state. I have received a Disclosure Document dated April 1, 2025, as amended July 30, 2025. (For statespecific effective dates, see Exhibit A of this disclosure document) that included the following Exhibits:
A
B
B-1
B-2
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R

Date

List of State Agencies/Agents for Service of Process
List of Domino's Pizza Franchisees
List of Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Franchisees
List of Franchisees Who Have Left the System
Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC Financial Statements
Domino’s Pizza LLC Financial Statements
Standard Franchise Agreement
Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement
Development Agreement
Domino’s Pizza Help Desk Services Agreement
Sale of Assets Agreement
Domino’s PULSE Software License Agreement
Rider to Lease
Rider to Purchase Agreement
Operating Manual Table of Contents
Application for Franchise (Renewal)
Domino’s Pizza Online Ordering Franchisee Services Agreement
Term Sheet
Global Positioning System Technology Platform Agreement
Domino’s Rider to Services Agreement

Printed Name

Signature

