2.

GRANT AND TERM OF FRANCHISE.
2.1

Grant.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, DPF grants to you a franchise to operate a
Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store (the "Store") and a sublicense to use the Marks at the
following location:
Store #

at:

Except as otherwise provided herein, you understand that your rights are non-exclusive and
that nothing in this Agreement shall entitle you to any rights to operate a Store at any other location
or to prohibit DPF to operate or franchise the operation of a Domino's Pizza Store or any other
retail outlet at any other site, location or venue.
2.2

Term of Franchise.

The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of ten (10) years, commencing on the date
of opening of the Store (or if this Agreement is being signed in connection with a renewal or
transfer of the franchise, commencing on the day following the expiration or termination of the
previous franchise agreement, as the case may be).
3.

RENEWAL OF FRANCHISE.
3.1

Option to Renew.

You may, at your option, renew the franchise for one additional ten (10) year term,
provided:
(a)
you are not in material default of any provision of this Agreement
or any other agreement with us or our subsidiaries or affiliates or any other creditor
or supplier of the Store and have substantially complied with the terms and
conditions of these agreements during their terms. For purposes of this Section
3.1(a), "substantial compliance" shall mean that you have not (i) breached or
violated the terms of this Agreement on six (6) or more occasions during the term
of this Agreement or on three (3) or more occasions during the last twenty four (24)
months prior to the expiration of the term of this Agreement regardless of whether
or not you cured any such breach or violation, or (ii) engaged in any conduct or act
described in Section 18.2.1 of this Agreement at any time during the term of this
Agreement regardless of whether or not you cured any such breach or violation;
(b)
you are able to maintain possession of the Store premises or to secure and
develop a suitable alternative site approved by us;
(c)
you refurbish the site as provided in Sections 9 and 15 of this
Agreement or, if we require, agree to relocate the premises of the Store to a location
approved by us and develop the premises in accordance with our then current

8
NTA – 04/01/2025

