The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State in which the Store is located.
22.7

Notices.

All written notices permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions of this
Agreement or of the Operating Manual shall be deemed so delivered when delivered to you or the
Store by: (i) hand delivery; (ii) three (3) days after having been placed in the United States Mail
by Registered or Certified Mail; (iii) one (1) day after being placed in the hands of a commercial
courier service for next day delivery; or (iv) one (1) day after transmission by facsimile or other
electronic system (including via e-mail and including e-mails which you are the only addressee or
one of multiple addressees). Notices delivered pursuant to this section including, without
limitation, e-mail, shall be addressed to us at our most current principal business address or to you
at the most current principal business address, e-mail address or home address of which we have
been notified in writing. You are obligated to provide us with a correct current address for your
home and business and to notify us of any change in address within ten (10) business days. If you
maintain an e-mail address for your business you agree to provide us with your business e-mail
address and notify us of any change in your e-mail address within ten (10) business days. You
understand and agree that providing us with notice of changes in addresses (including e-mail
address) shall be made in the manner provided in this section for giving notices. If you fail to
timely notify us of a change of address (including e-mail, business or home), all notices sent to the
prior address will be deemed properly delivered.
22.8

Independent Contractors.

The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors and no training, assistance or
supervision which we may give or offer to you shall be deemed to negate such independence or
create a legal duty on our part. Neither we nor any of our affiliates shall be liable for any damages
to any person or property arising directly or indirectly out of the operation of the Store. Nor shall
we or any of our affiliates have any liability for any taxes levied upon you, your business, or the
Store. The parties further acknowledge and agree the relationship created by this Agreement and
the relationship between us is not a fiduciary relationship nor one of principal and agent.
Furthermore, neither we nor our affiliates have any relationship with your employees and have no
rights, duties, or responsibilities with regard to their employment by you. You acknowledge and
agree that you do not have the authority to act for or on our behalf or to contractually bind us or
our affiliates to any agreement. No party to this Agreement shall have any authority to assume
any liability for the acts of the other, or to alter the legal relationships of the other. Only the named
parties to this Agreement shall have rights hereunder and you shall not have any rights under any
other franchise agreement to which you are not a party.

46
NTA – 04/01/2025

