DOMINO’S PIZZA FRANCHISING LLC AND SUBSIDIARY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(1) Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC (the “Company”) is a single member Delaware limited liability company
and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC (the “Parent”), whose ultimate parent is
Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (“DPI”). The Company commenced operations on April 17, 2007. The Company is
primarily engaged in franchising certain Domino’s Pizza stores in the United States, and to a lesser extent, Puerto
Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands (collectively, the “American Territories” and collectively with the
Domino’s Pizza stores in the United States, the “Domestic Territories”). Revenues are derived from the receipt of
royalties and, to a lesser extent, franchise and related fees from Domino’s Pizza stores in the Domestic Territories.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Fiscal Year
The Company's fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. The 2024 fiscal year ended on
December 29, 2024, the 2023 fiscal year ended on December 31, 2023 and the 2022 fiscal year ended on January
1, 2023. The 2024, 2023 and 2022 fiscal years each consisted of fifty-two weeks.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The restricted cash balance
was $1.9 million in 2024. The restricted cash and cash equivalents balance was $16.1 million in 2023. All cash
and cash equivalents are restricted under the terms of the Parent’s debt agreements (Note 3).
Accounts Receivable / Accounts Payable with Affiliated Companies
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies represent amounts owed to the Company by other
subsidiaries of DPI. Accounts payable to affiliated companies represent amounts due to subsidiaries of DPI by the
Company.
Allowances for Credit Losses
The Company closely monitors accounts and notes receivable balances and estimates the allowance for
credit losses. These estimates are based on historical collection experience and other factors, including those
related to current market conditions and events. The Company’s allowances for accounts and notes receivable
have not historically been material.
Property
Additions to property are recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization expense for financial reporting
purposes is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The
estimated useful life for buildings is generally 20 years.
Revenue Recognition
Franchise royalties and fees are primarily comprised of royalties and fees from Domino’s Pizza franchisees
with operations in the Domestic Territories. Each franchisee is generally required to pay a 5.5% royalty fee on
sales. In certain instances, the Company will collect lower rates based on area development agreements, sales
initiatives, store relocation incentives and new store incentives. Royalty revenues are based on a percentage of
franchise retail sales and are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by franchisees’ customers.
Payments for royalties and fees from U.S. franchisees are generally due within seven days of the prior week end
date and payments for royalties and fees from franchisees in the American Territories are due at least monthly.

-7-

