(iii) a consolidated statement of profit and loss for all of your Domino's
Pizza Stores for each month or period;
(d)
if you are in default under any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement,
statements submitted on a quarterly basis affirming that all federal, state and local taxes
have been paid;
(e)
upon our written request, exact copies of your and your owners federal, state
and local business income tax returns and state sales tax or equivalent tax returns for any
period; and
(f)
such other information as we may reasonably require to determine you and
your owners' compliance with this Agreement or to assist you in the operation of the Store
or to otherwise evaluate the performance of the Store, including information about the sales
and receipts of the Store.
14.3

Right to Require Audit.

We reserve the right to audit the sales reports, financial statements, tax returns,
information from the Store's computer system, and any other records you are required to
retain or submit to us. In the event any audit discloses an understatement of the royalty
sales of the Store for any period or periods (regardless of whether the understatement is
intentional or not), we shall have the right to require that you pay on the amount of such
understatement the royalty fee of five and one-half percent (5-1/2%), all advertising
contributions due under this Agreement and the amount, if any, required to be paid to your
local or regional cooperative as provided in this Agreement, plus interest due. Further, in
the event such understatement for any period or periods shall be two percent (2%) or more
of the royalty sales of the Store or such inspection or audit is made necessary by your
intentional or negligent underreporting (including, without limitation, underreporting that
arises out of your insufficient supervision of your employees) or your failure to furnish
reports, supporting records, financial statements or other information required by this
Agreement or to furnish these reports, records, information or financial statements on a
timely basis, you will be obligated to reimburse us for the cost of the audit, including the
charges of any independent certified public accountant used and the travel expenses, room
and board and compensation of our employees or anyone we engage to conduct the audit.
In the event you dispute the results of any audit conducted by us or our representatives,
you will have the right, upon written notice to us within ten (10) days of your receipt of the
results of our audit, to have the results verified by an independent certified public
accounting firm selected by our outside accounting firm. The expense of this audit shall
be borne by you unless this further audit discloses that no deficiency is due in which case
we will be obligated to pay for the audit. We will notify you within ten (10) days of our
receipt of your notice when the independent audit will commence. You agree to cooperate
with all personnel conducting the audit. The results of the independent audit shall be
binding upon the parties. You agree to pay any deficiencies within ten (10) days after
receipt of our audit or, if applicable, the independent audit requested by you. You
acknowledge and agree that conducting an audit as authorized by this section is one but not
the only way we may determine or establish that you have underreported the royalty sales
22
SFA – 07/31/2024

