designate. Generally, our trainers have a minimum of two years of operations experience and are
required to be certified General Managers. Ella Meier, Director of Training & Activation, oversees
training and has been employed by us since June 2013 in the following capacities: TUSA
Supervisor, Business Consultant and Activation Director. We may charge a reasonable training
fee of up to $1,250 for these training programs. You must complete all training to our satisfaction.
You must pay for travel, living expenses and any other costs incurred during the training.
Once you have completed at least twelve (12) consecutive months of recent successful
management or supervisory experience within the Domino’s Pizza system, you will be required to
complete the franchise pre-qualification process. If qualified, you will be required to complete all
of the required tracks of the Franchise Management School (“FMS”) to obtain Qualified
Franchisee Candidate status. A complete list of these training programs and the dates and times
they are offered is provided by Domino’s. The materials for these required training programs
generally consist of workbooks, manuals, online courses and facilitator-led PowerPoint
presentations.
We also may require that you or your owners complete supplemental or additional training
programs which we periodically may offer. You must pay for the reasonable costs of these
programs, not to exceed $500 per class, and for the travel and living expenses and any other costs
incurred during these programs. You must complete this supplemental or additional training
within 1 year of the time in which it is originally offered to you by us.
We will make available the following programs which you will need to successfully complete to
qualify to become a franchisee:
Item 11 TABLE
TRAINING PROGRAM

(1)
Subject

(2)
Hours of
Online/Classroom
Training

Franchise Management
School (FMS) - Admissions

(3)
Hours of On-the-Job
Training*

(4)
Location

Approximately 4575 hours

Approximately 1-5

In candidate’s market

Franchise Management
School (FMS) – Undergrad
Class

Approximately 8
hours per day for 3
days

0

Ann Arbor, Michigan or online
at our sole discretion

Franchise Management
School (FMS) – Pre-Grad
School

Approximately 4575 hours

0

In candidate’s market

Franchise Management
School (FMS) – Grad
School

Approximately 8
hours per day for 2
days

0

Ann Arbor, Michigan or online
at our sole discretion

*

Estimated hours of on-the-job training is based on the Team Member dividing his/her time
between training and working.

July 2025

41

