Domino’s Pizza LLC and Subsidiaries

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Tabular amounts in thousands, except percentages, share and per share amounts)
(1)

Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business
Domino’s Pizza LLC (“DPLLC”), a Michigan limited liability company, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Domino’s, Inc. (“Domino’s”). Domino’s is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (the “Parent”).
DPLLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) are primarily engaged in the following
business activities: (i) retail sales of food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores; (ii) sales of food and
other products to franchised Domino’s Pizza stores through Company-owned supply chain centers in the U.S. and
Canada; (iii) receipt of royalties, advertising contributions and fees from U.S. Domino’s Pizza franchisees; and (iv)
receipt of royalties and fees from international Domino’s Pizza franchisees.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DPLLC and its subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. The 2024 fiscal year ended on
December 29, 2024, the 2023 fiscal year ended on December 31, 2023 and the 2022 fiscal year ended on January 1,
2023. The 2024, 2023 and 2022 fiscal years each consisted of fifty-two weeks.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 29, 2024 included $144.0 million of restricted cash and cash
equivalents held for future principal and interest payments and other working capital requirements of the Company’s
asset-backed securitization structure, $51.2 million of restricted cash equivalents held in a three-month interest
reserve as required by the related debt agreements and $0.2 million of other restricted cash. As of December 29,
2024, the Company also held $80.9 million of advertising fund restricted cash and cash equivalents, which can only
be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2023 included $149.1 million of restricted cash and cash
equivalents held for future principal and interest payments and other working capital requirements of the Company’s
asset-backed securitization structure, $51.6 million of restricted cash equivalents held in a three-month interest
reserve as required by the related debt agreements and $0.2 million of other restricted cash. As of December 31,
2023, the Company also held $88.2 million of advertising fund restricted cash and cash equivalents, which can only
be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand.
Allowances for Credit Losses
The Company closely monitors accounts and notes receivable balances and estimates the allowance for credit
losses. These estimates are based on historical collection experience and other factors, including those related to
current market conditions and events. The Company’s allowances for accounts and notes receivable have not
historically been material.
The Company also monitors its off-balance sheet exposures under its letters of credit (Note 2), lease
guarantees (Note 4) and surety bonds. Total conditional commitments under surety bonds were $11.8 million at
December 29, 2024 and $14.7 million at December 31, 2023. None of these arrangements has had or is likely to
have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition, revenues, expenses or liquidity.
Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value.

8

