(b) all claims that result from any copyright or other
infringements of third party rights that occur as a result of License Holder
providing its own technical support and maintenance or from any errors
or malfunctions that occur as a result of License Holder providing its own
technical support and maintenance;
(c) all claims arising out of the performance or
nonperformance by License Holder and its employees of the obligations
arising under this Agreement; or,
(d) all claims arising out of data furnished or made available to
DPD for uploading or converting to the Domino's Pulse system, or
transferring from License Holder's old system to a new system, including
the accuracy of delivery addresses and whether the addresses are
located within or outside the boundaries of the License Holder's approved
Delivery and Service Area.

11. License Holder Data
License Holder agrees that DPD, DPF (and their affiliates and successors
and assigns) may, at any time, have full access, both on- site and from a
remote location, to all of License Holder's computer data, equipment and
systems containing any and all of the information, records and reports
required to be maintained by License Holder pursuant to its Franchise
Agreement or License Agreement and to use the data in the evaluation of
product and service, store performance, tests, EBITDA performance, and
as an analytical tool to improve the operation of the Domino's system.
DPD will use the same degree of care to protect against the unauthorized
use of the information by third parties as it does with respect to its own
information of a similar type. In addition, DPD is responsible for the
security of cardholder data that DPD possesses or stores, processes or
transmits on behalf of the License Holder, or to the extent that they could
impact the security of the License Holder's cardholder data environment.

12. Use of Telephone Numbers
License Holder may receive a marketing list from an outside vendor which
contains telephone numbers of potential customers of License Holder for
use in connection with the Software licensed pursuant to this agreement.
Any such list is included within the definition of "Customer List" as that
term is defined in the Franchise Agreement. License Holder
acknowledges that the list and the telephone numbers have not been
compared to the National Do Not Call Registry and that some of the
names on the list may have placed their telephone numbers on the
National Do Not Call Registry.
License Holder agrees that it will only use the information contained in the
marketing list described above in manner consistent with and for
purposes permitted by law. License Holder agrees not to call any
telephone number on the marketing list for telemarketing purposes unless
License Holder first obtains access to the National Do Not Call Registry
on its own behalf and abides by the restrictions placed on calling
telephone numbers that appear on the Do Not Call Registry.
License Holder agrees to defend, indemnify and hold DPD, the supplier
of the marketing lists and the supplier of the telephone numbers, and their
directors, officers, agents, employees, contractors, licensors, and
affiliated companies, harmless from any liability for any loss or injury
arising out of, or caused in whole or in part by License Holder's use of the
information provided in the marketing list described above.

technologies to the TAB. The TAB will review these plans, provide the
advice of the TAB, and collaborate with DPD on these future initiatives.

14. Procedures Review
DPD will use a "Procedures Review" whereby approximately once each
year, DPD will have the key enhancement, maintenance, and support
expenditures on Pulse and related technologies (including but not limited
to Domino's Real Time) from collected enhancement fees reviewed by
independent auditors. DPD will review the results of the independent
auditor review with the TAB for purposes of demonstrating that annual
Software enhancement fees are spent only on the enhancement,
maintenance, and support of Domino's Pulse and related store and
internet-based technologies.

15. General
15.1 This Agreement and all addenda supersedes in full all prior
discussions and agreements, oral and written, between the parties
relating to the Software and constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties relating to the Software. This Agreement may be modified or
supplemented only in writing signed by an authorized representative of
each party.
15.2 Neither party shall be liable for delays in any of its performance
hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including, but not
limited to, acts of God, strikes or inability to maintain labor or materials on
time.
15.3 If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed illegal or
otherwise unenforceable, that portion shall be severed, and the remainder
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. A waiver shall be
effective only if made in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of both parties. The waiver of any right or election of any
remedy in one instance shall not affect any rights or remedies in another
instance.
15.4 All required notices under this Agreement (except for the notice in
section 2.1) shall be sent to the recipient party's address stated in this
Agreement, unless otherwise changed in writing by the respective party.
Notices to DPD shall be sent to the attention of the Chief Information
Officer and notices to the License Holder shall be sent to the attention of
the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the License Holder. All
notices shall be given by certified or registered mail, or overnight carrier
or via facsimile or other electronic system. Such notices shall be deemed
given on the date of receipt (or refusal) of delivery of said notice.
15.5 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Michigan.
15.6 Neither party to this Agreement is, or shall represent itself to be, an
agent, partner, or employee of the other. Nothing in this Agreement shall
be interpreted or construed as creating or establishing a joint venture,
agency, or partnership, or any relationship other than licensor - licensee.
Each party retains control of the day to day activities of its respective
business.

13. Technology Advisory Board
DPD will maintain a Technology Advisory Board ("TAB") consisting of
Domino's Pizza Franchisees and/or Licensees selected by DPD. DPD will
from time to time present DPD's plans for the direction and prioritization
of future development of the Software and related

January 2025

5

