3. Clarification of Payments. For purposes of clarification, pursuant to Section 8 of the
Agreement, the Development Fee of
thousand dollars and zero cents ($ ,000.00) is
equal to the sum total of twenty five thousand dollars ($25,000.00) (the “Reservation Fee”)
multiplied by the total number of New Stores to be built under the Agreement pursuant to the
Development Requirements ($25,000.00 (franchise fee) multiplied by
( ) (number of
Stores to be opened) = $ ,000.00). Such Development Fee shall initially be deferred and
will be reduced by $25,000.00 for each New Store opened under the terms of the Agreement
and Addendum.
4. Reservation Fee Payment. Developer acknowledges that in the event Developer does not
provide a copy of an approved and executed lease for a New Store to Domino’s Pizza
Franchise Services within ninety (90) days after its respective Required Open By Date,
Developer will be required to pay DPF the Reservation Fee. In the event Developer
provides a copy of an approved and executed lease for a New Store within ninety (90) days
after its respective Required Open By Date; and Developer has not begun approved
construction on a New Store within one hundred eighty (180) days of its the Required Open
By Date, Developer will be required to pay DPF the Reservation Fee. Further, in the event
that Developer does not open all of its required New Stores under the Term of the Agreement
and Addendum, Developer will be required to pay DPF the Reservation Fee for each of the
New Stores not opened. All such repayments of the Reservation Fee shall be due within
thirty (30) days’ of written notice from DPF.
5. Confidentiality of Terms. Except as prohibited by law, the Agreement, the Addendum and
other details of the negotiations between the parties are confidential in nature and shall not be
disclosed by you to any third party, including, but not limited to, other Domino’s Pizza
franchisees.
6. Inconsistency between Agreement and Addendum. In the event of any inconsistency
between the terms of the Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall
prevail.

DOMINO’S PIZZA FRANCHISING LLC

DEVELOPER:

By:

By:

Colleen McCormick
Its: Sr. Manager – Regulatory Affairs and
Contracts

Its:

DATED:

DATED:

