7 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
owner orientation program or operator orientation program (as applicable) within the two 
(2) year period immediately prior to the Effective Date. 
(b)
General Manager Orientation.  Within the time period that Hyatt 
reasonably specifies before the Hotel’s anticipated Opening Date, the Hotel’s proposed 
general manager must attend an orientation program virtually, at Hyatt’s headquarters in 
Chicago, Illinois, or at another location Hyatt designates.  If Franchisee or the Management 
Company replaces the Hotel’s general manager during the Term (subject to Section 4.2), 
the replacement general manager must attend the orientation program within thirty (30) 
days (or such longer period that Hyatt periodically designates) after assuming that position.  
Franchisee must pay Hyatt’s then current fee for this orientation program and any 
additional programs that the Hotel’s personnel attend. 
(c)
Initial Training Programs.  Before opening the Hotel for business in 
affiliation with the Proprietary Marks, members of the Core Management team and other 
Hotel personnel whom Hyatt specifies must attend and successfully complete Hyatt’s brand 
standard training programs and curriculum for their respective positions.  During the Term, 
if Franchisee, the Management Company or the approved F&B Operator (if any) replaces 
any member of its Core Management team or any other individual whom Hyatt required to 
attend training, that person’s replacement must attend and successfully complete the 
applicable brand standard training programs that Hyatt reasonably specifies within 
ninety (90) days (or such longer period that Hyatt periodically designates) after assuming 
that position.  Hyatt will designate the dates, locations, and duration of training.  
(d)
Pre-Opening Training.  Hyatt will provide pre-opening training to the 
Hotel staff on the System Standards and related issues in connection with the Hotel’s 
opening in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks.  Hyatt may conduct this training via 
remote learning, in one or more visits to the Hotel, or both, as Hyatt determines in its sole 
option.  Franchisee must pay Hyatt’s then current fee and the trainers’ travel and living 
expenses associated with any training that Hyatt provides on-site at the Hotel.  If Hyatt 
provides on-site training, the trainers will arrive at or before the Hotel’s opening in 
affiliation with the Proprietary Marks and stay for the period that Hyatt specifies.   
(e)
Supplemental and Optional Training.  Hyatt may, at such times and 
places as it deems best, require the Core Management and/or other Hotel personnel that 
Hyatt reasonably specifies to participate in regional and national conventions, meetings, 
and other brand standard training programs that Hyatt periodically specifies.  Hyatt also 
may, at its option, offer various optional training programs from time to time during the 
Term.   
(f)
Training Fees and Expenses.  Franchisee must pay Hyatt’s then current 
fees for any conventions, meetings and other initial, supplemental and optional training 
programs that the Hotel’s personnel attend.  Franchisee also is responsible for all related 
compensation, and travel and living expenses that Hotel personnel incur.  If Hyatt holds 
any training at the Hotel, Franchisee must provide free lodging for Hyatt’s representatives, 
subject to availability. 
