1616961488.2 
DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION STANDARDS 
The development of all full service Hyatt-branded hotels must comply with the Hyatt-established 
Design and Construction Standards.  Accordingly, each franchisee of a full service Hyatt-branded 
hotel is required to design, build, equip, furnish, and decorate the Hotel in conformity with the 
Design and Construction Standards and consistent with the Preliminary Area Program, subject to 
any modifications to the Preliminary Area Program required by or approved by Hyatt in writing.  
All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
“Approve” and “Approval” each mean approval in writing, including subsequent written 
confirmation of previous verbal approval.  
“Consultants” means all of the architects and design consultants enumerated in section 1.2(a) of 
Exhibit A and such other design consultants, contractors and specialists that may be required for any 
aspect of the Project enumerated in section 1.2(b) of Exhibit A, as shall be necessary and appropriate. 
“Design and Construction Standards” include (i) the Design Approval Process set forth in 
Exhibit A below; (ii) the terms and conditions set forth in this document, (iii) the Brand Experience 
Guide for the applicable brand, as communicated by Hyatt, (iv) the brand-specific FF&E 
specifications (if applicable), (v) the most current edition of the United States National Fire 
Protection Association (“NFPA”) Life Safety Code 101, NFPA Standard 13 – Standard for the 
Installation of Sprinkler Systems, and the NFPA - National Fire Alarm and Signaling Code 72 (or 
such other standard for sprinkler installation as Hyatt may approve in its absolute discretion), and 
(vi) and any other manuals and documents as reasonably specified by Hyatt relating to the Project.  
For the avoidance of doubt, references to the “Design and Construction Standards” shall mean the 
Design and Construction Standards as of the date of the Franchise Agreement between Hyatt and 
Franchisee.  Where the requirements of applicable country and local codes and regulations exceed 
the standards required by Hyatt with respect to a specific item or topic, those applicable country 
and local codes and regulations will apply to that item or topic.  Where the country and local codes 
and regulations do not address a particular issue or standard or are less stringent than the Design 
and Construction Standards with respect to such issue or standard, the Design and Construction 
Standards will govern. 
“Development Timetable” means the required schedule for development, construction and 
Opening Date of the Hotel, as set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  
“FF&E” means all fixtures, equipment, furnishings, furniture, telephone systems, 
communications systems, copiers, signs, all property management, revenue optimization, in-
room entertainment, and other computer and technology systems, and other similar items that 
Hyatt periodically specifies for the Hotel.  
