48 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
You may not open or begin operating the Hotel in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks 
until we have notified you in writing that:  (1) you have properly developed and equipped the Hotel 
in compliance with the Franchise Agreement and all applicable laws; (2) Hotel personnel have 
completed all pre-opening training to our satisfaction; (3) you have paid all amounts then due to 
us and our affiliates; (4) you have obtained all required certificates of occupancy, licenses and 
permits to operate the Hotel; (5) you have given us evidence of insurance coverage and payment 
of premiums we request; (6) you have given us certifications concerning the Hotel’s construction; 
and (7) we have conducted a pre-opening inspection and approved the Hotel for opening in 
affiliation with the Proprietary Marks.  You must open and begin operating the Hotel in affiliation 
with the Proprietary Marks within 10 days after receiving our authorization, which we will not 
unreasonably withhold or delay.  We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not meet 
these deadlines.  Our determination that you have met all of our pre-opening requirements is not a 
representation or warranty, express or implied, that the Hotel complies with any laws or is safe for 
occupancy, nor will such determination act as a waiver of your non-compliance, or our right to 
demand full compliance, with our pre-opening requirements or any other provision of the 
Franchise Agreement.  You must indemnify us for costs and expenses we incur because of your 
failure to open on time, including amounts we pay to customers whose reservations are canceled.  
(Sections 2.1 to 2.6 of Franchise Agreement) 
You must and must cause your lessees and your affiliates and their respective lessees to: 
(a) develop, maintain and operate all Non-Hotel Components within the Mixed-Use Site (as 
defined in Item 16) in accordance with quality, design and operational standards consistent with 
the quality, design and operational standards applicable to the Hotel, (b) refrain from advertising, 
marketing or promoting the Non-Hotel Components as being associated with or part of the Hotel, 
the “JdV by Hyatt®” brand or any other Proprietary Marks, except in connection with the Hotel, 
advertisement and promotion approved pursuant to Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement; and (c) 
operate the Non-Hotel Components in a way that, in our reasonable judgment, does not damage or 
reflect adversely on the goodwill associated with any Proprietary Mark.  
Training 
Our current required initial training program has 7 parts: the Owner Briefing, the 
owner/operator orientation program, the General Manager University (“GMU”), the operations 
training program, the sales/catering/revenue training program, the training programs for other 
Hotel personnel, and the Pre-Opening Brand Training.  Except for any optional courses that we 
choose to provide, all initial training is mandatory.  Our Franchise People & Learning Department 
administers and directs all of our initial training in coordination with our corporate operations 
team.  Julie Suh, Associate Vice President, People & Learning, leads the Franchise People & 
Learning Department.  Julie joined us and our affiliates in 2022.  She has over 20 years of 
experience in the hotel/hospitality industry.  We also have a staff of training professionals who 
conduct various training programs.  These staff members typically have at least 15 years of 
experience in hotel and/or learning and development roles and at least 5 years of experience with 
us or our affiliates.  The System Standards, videos, charts, pamphlets, and other training aids serve 
as the instructional materials for the training programs.  You must pay us the fees and expenses 
described in Item 5 and Item 6 and you are responsible for all travel and living expenses (including 
travel, lodging, food and beverage, and miscellaneous charges) for your personnel. 
