59 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
Item 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Hyatt Corporation registered the following principal Proprietary Marks on the Principal 
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the “PTO”): 
Mark
Registration No. 
Registration Date 
Hyatt 
JDV by Hyatt 
JDV by Hyatt logo 
945,384 
6,897,103 
6,874,251 
October 17, 1972 
November 22, 2022 
October 11, 2022 
World of Hyatt 
   5,201,881 
        May 9, 2017 
Hyatt Corporation has made all required renewal and affidavit filings for these 
registrations.  
Hyatt Corporation granted us the rights to use and sublicense the Proprietary Marks under 
a trademark license agreement dated November 1, 1993, as amended (the “Trademark License 
Agreement”).  That agreement has a perpetual term, subject to termination by Hyatt Corporation 
for cause.  Hyatt Corporation may terminate the agreement if it no longer owns a majority interest 
in us, if we fail to make a required payment and do not cure the failure within 7 days after notice, 
if we fail to maintain or require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s prescribed 
standards of quality and service and do not cure the failure within 30 days after notice, if we fail 
to comply with any other provision of the agreement and do not cure the failure within 30 days 
after notice, or if we have an insolvency event and do not cure the failure within 60 days after 
notice. If Hyatt Corporation terminates the Trademark License Agreement because we failed to 
maintain or failed to require our sublicensees to maintain Hyatt Corporation’s standards of quality 
and service, Hyatt Corporation may enter into a license with our authorized franchisees, but only 
if the franchisee not in default of its franchise agreement.  No other agreements significantly limit 
our rights to use or license the Proprietary Marks in a manner material to the franchise. 
There are no currently effective material determinations of the PTO, the Trademark Trial 
and Appeal Board, any state trademark administrator or any court, and no pending infringement, 
opposition or cancellation proceedings or other material federal or state court litigation, involving 
the Proprietary Marks.  We do not know of any superior prior rights or infringing uses that could 
materially affect your use of the Proprietary Marks in any state.
You must follow our rules when using the Proprietary Marks.  You (and any F&B 
Operators at the Hotel) may not use the Proprietary Marks with any Hotel restaurant operations 
without our prior written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold, and complying with 
all related System Standards.  If we discover your unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks, we 
may require you to destroy (with no reimbursement from us) all offending items reflecting that 
unauthorized use.  You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to 
your use of any Proprietary Mark, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any Proprietary Mark, 
and not communicate with any person other than us, our affiliates, and our and their attorneys, and 
your attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim.  We and our affiliates may take 
