•
Excursions provided by third-party companies—revenues are recognized on the day of the excursion, net 
of related costs.
•
Performance obligations in which ALG Vacations is primarily responsible for providing the services and is the 
principal:
•
Chartered air transportation provided by ALG Vacations—gross revenues are recognized at the time of 
departure and return; and
•
Ground transportation and excursions provided by Amstar—gross revenues are recognized at the time of 
departure and return.
In exchange for the products and services provided, we receive fixed and variable consideration that is allocated 
between the performance obligations based on relative standalone selling prices. For all performance obligations, we 
utilize a cost plus margin approach to determine the standalone selling price. For car rental reservations and excursions 
provided by third-party companies, we allocate the standalone selling price using observable transaction prices. 
Customers pay for travel prior to trip departure, and these deposits are recorded as contract liabilities on our consolidated 
balance sheets until the transfer of control of the related performance obligation occurs, at which point the related 
revenues are recognized in distribution revenues on our consolidated statements of income. For certain airline, hotel, and 
car rental transactions, we also receive fees through global distribution systems ("GDS") that provide the computer 
systems through which travel supplier inventory is made available and reservations are booked. Payments received 
through GDS are considered commissions from suppliers and are recognized as revenues at the time of booking in 
distribution revenues on our consolidated statements of income.
We provide advertising services to travel suppliers on our consumer websites and travel agent websites, in travel 
brochures, and via other media. Revenues from advertising are recognized in distribution revenues on our consolidated 
statements of income when the service is provided.
Co-branded credit card programs
We have co-branded credit card agreements with a third party, and under the terms of the agreements, we have 
various performance obligations: granting a license to the Hyatt name, arranging for the fulfillment of points issued to 
cardholders through the loyalty program, and awarding cardholders with free room nights upon achievement of certain 
program milestones. The loyalty points and free room nights represent material rights that can be redeemed for free or 
discounted services in the future.
In exchange for the products and services provided, we receive fixed and variable consideration which is allocated 
between the performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. Significant judgment is involved in 
determining the relative standalone selling prices, and therefore, we engage a third-party valuation specialist for 
assistance. We utilize a relief from royalty method to determine the revenues allocated to the license, and the revenues are 
recognized over time as the licensee derives value from access to Hyatt's brand name in other revenues on our 
consolidated statements of income. We utilize observable transaction prices and adjusted market assumptions to determine 
the standalone selling price of a loyalty point, and we utilize a cost plus margin approach to determine the standalone 
selling price of the free room nights. The revenues allocated to loyalty program points and free night awards are deferred 
and recognized in revenues for reimbursed costs on our consolidated statements of income upon redemption or expiration 
of a card member's promotional awards, net of redemption expense when we are the agent. We are responsible for 
arranging for the redemption of promotional awards, but we do not directly fulfill the award night obligation except at 
owned and leased hotels. Therefore, we are the agent for managed and franchised hotels, and we are the principal with 
respect to owned and leased hotels. 
We satisfy the following performance obligations over time: access to Hyatt's symbolic IP, services provided under 
management and hotel services agreements, administration of the loyalty program, and the license of our brand name through 
our co-branded credit card agreements. Each of these performance obligations is considered a sales-based royalty or a series of 
distinct services, and although the activities to fulfill each of these promises may vary from day to day, the nature of each 
promise is the same and the customer benefits from the services every day. 
