60 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
the action we and they deem appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any 
litigation, PTO proceeding, or other proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim 
or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark.  You must sign any documents and take any other 
reasonable actions that, in the opinion of our and our affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in any litigation or PTO or other 
proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in the Proprietary 
Marks.  We will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket costs for taking any requested action. 
If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or you to modify, discontinue using, and/or 
replace any Proprietary Mark and/or to use one or more additional, substitute, or replacement trade 
or service marks, you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after receiving 
notice.  Neither we nor our affiliates will reimburse you for any costs or expenses you incur relating 
to these directions, including your expenses of changing the Hotel’s signs, any loss of revenue due 
to any modified or discontinued Proprietary Mark, or your expenses of promoting a modified or 
substitute trademark or service mark.  Our rights in this paragraph apply to any of the Proprietary 
Marks (and any portion of any Proprietary Mark) that we authorize you to use.   
We will reimburse you for all damages and expenses that you incur in any trademark 
infringement proceeding disputing your authorized use of any Proprietary Mark if you have timely 
notified us of, and comply with our directions in responding to, the proceeding.  We will defend 
you in the proceeding and, at our option, we and/or our affiliate(s) may defend and control the 
defense of any proceeding arising from your use of any Proprietary Mark. 
Even though the Hotel will feature an affiliation with the JdV by Hyatt® name and other 
Proprietary Marks in the manner that we periodically specify, the Hotel will feature the Tradename 
identified in an exhibit to the Franchise Agreement as the Hotel’s primary trade name in the manner 
that we periodically specify.  Under the Franchise Agreement you are representing to us that you 
own or have all valid rights to use the Tradename in the manner that the Franchise Agreement 
contemplates and any other names, including restaurant and spa names, that you provide to us or 
our affiliates (collectively, the “Outlet Names”).  Throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement, 
you must not use, or allow or authorize any third party to use, the Tradename for any hotel, resort, 
time share, lodging facility or other accommodations, other than the Hotel or another Brand Hotel.  
The Tradename and Outlet Names are not Proprietary Marks and we make no representation 
concerning the validity of or your right to use the Tradename or Outlet Names.  You grant us and 
our affiliates the right to use the Tradename and Outlet Names in marketing the Hotel and 
otherwise performing our obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
Item 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
No patents or pending patent applications are material to the franchise.  We and our 
affiliates claim copyright protection for the Copyrighted Materials.  We have not registered these 
Copyrighted Materials with the United States Copyright Office but need not do so at this time in 
order to protect them.  You must follow our rules when using the Copyrighted Materials.  You 
