JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
Item 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we,” “us” or “our” means Hyatt 
Franchising, L.L.C., the franchisor.  “You” means the entity acquiring a franchise.  One or more 
of the owners of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined in Item 15) in you who we specify must 
sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, which means that all provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement (Exhibit C) also will apply to those owners.  We expect that only entities, and not 
individuals, will acquire our franchises. 
Our Company History and Parent 
We incorporated in Delaware as Hyatt Franchise Corporation and converted under 
Delaware law to Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  This change in 
form did not affect our existence as an operating business entity.  Our principal business address 
is 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606.  If we have an agent for service of process 
in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit E.  We do business only under our company name 
and the Proprietary Marks (defined below).  We have never operated Brand Hotels (defined below), 
but some of our affiliates do.  We have no predecessors and no business activities that are not 
described here.  Our parent company is Hyatt Hotels Corporation, whose principal business 
address is the same as our address.   
In December 2018, one of our affiliates acquired the boutique hotel company Two Roads 
Hospitality, which includes certain rights relating to several hotel brands, including the JdV by 
Hyatt® brand.  We have offered franchises for Brand Hotels since May 2019.  We also have 
offered franchises for other full service hotels affiliated with the “Destination by Hyatt®” brand 
since May 2019.  We offered franchises for full service hotels under the Hyatt® name (without a 
sub-brand) from December 1994 until April 1997 and again from September 2006 until 
January 2015.  There currently are 9 full service hotels which operate under the Hyatt name 
(without a sub-brand), 7 of which are franchised.  We previously offered (but no longer intend to 
offer) franchises for full service hotels under the Thompson® name from December 2018 to 
August 2021.  We have offered franchises for full service, lifestyle hotels under the Hyatt Centric® 
brand since February 2015.  We offered franchises for full service hotels under the Hyatt 
Regency® name from December 1994 until April 1997 and have again offered those franchises 
since September 2006.  We also have offered franchises for unique, up-scale accommodations and 
hospitality affiliations operating in the United States under their own names but associated with 
The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® name since June 2016.  We began offering franchises for 
“lifestyle” hotels operating in the United States under the brand names “Destination®” and “joie 
de vivre®” (also referred to as “JdV®”) in May 2019 and under the brand name “Caption by 
Hyatt®” in September 2019.  We now refer to these brands as “Destination by Hyatt®”, “JdV by 
Hyatt®” and “Caption by Hyatt®” respectively.  We have offered franchises for upper-midscale, 
extended stay hotels operating in the United States under the brand name “Hyatt Studios™” since 
May 2023.  We have never offered franchises in any other line of business. 
