4 
Hyatt JdV – 2025 State Pages 
1616978255.2 
Any release as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to 
the extent prohibited by law for claims arising under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D. 
Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving rights to a jury 
trial; waiving rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided by the laws of 
the jurisdiction; or consenting to liquidated damages, termination penalties or 
judgment notes.  However, we and you will enforce these provisions in our 
Franchise Agreement to the extent the law allows. 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibits us from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota.  Those provisions also provide that 
no condition, stipulations or provision in the Franchise Agreement shall in any way 
abrogate or reduce any rights you have under the Minnesota Franchises Law, 
including (subject to your arbitration obligation) the right to submit matters to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota and the right to any procedure, forum or 
remedies that the laws of the jurisdiction provide. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, 
any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
NORTH DAKOTA
1. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Remarks” column of the rows 
in the Item 6 chart of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled “Royalty fee upon termination,” 
“Liquidated damages upon condemnation,” and “Liquidated damages upon termination”: 
The Commissioner has determined termination or liquidated damages to be unfair, 
unjust and inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota 
Franchise Investment Law.  However, we and you agree to enforce these provisions 
to the extent the law allows. 
2. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of 
Item 17(c) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled Requirements for franchisee to renew 
or extend, and Item 17(m) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, titled “Conditions for 
franchisor approval of transfer by franchisee”: 
Any release will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law to claims 
arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
