2 
Hyatt 2025 Hosting Agmt 
1616961487.2
b.
“Agreement” means this Agreement, including all current or future schedules. 
c.
“Authorized Users” means: (i) Owner; and (ii) employees and agents of Owner when they are 
performing services for Property relating to the Property Management System. 
d.
“Cardholder Data” means any data that relates to (i) a payment card authorized by or bearing the 
logo of a member of the Payment Card Industry ("PCI") Security Standards Council (the "PCI SSC"), or any similar 
organization that Hyatt periodically specifies, or alternative technology or non-cash transaction method relating to 
payment that Hyatt periodically specifies, or (ii) a person to whom such a payment card or alternative technology as 
described in (i) has been issued. 
e.
“Effective Date” means the date that appears in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
f.
“Facility” means the physical location at which, at any given time, the Hosted Hardware resides 
and the hosted components of the Property Management System are hosted, or such distributed “cloud” environment 
as may be utilized by Hyatt or its Affiliate to host the Property Management System. 
g.
“Fees” means the fees specified in Schedule 3 hereto. 
h.
“Flag Change” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10(c). 
i.
“Hosted Hardware” means the file servers, network routers and switches, firewalls, and other 
hardware, technology, and network devices in the Facility and used by Hyatt to host the hosted components of the 
Property Management System and provide the Services. It does not include any hardware located outside of the 
Facility, including any hardware located at the Property. 
j.
“Hosted System” means the Hosted Hardware, Property Management System and Third Party 
Software, collectively, hosted by Hyatt or its Affiliate and made available by Hyatt to Owner and its Authorized 
Users pursuant to this Agreement. 
k.
“Hotel Environment” means the hardware and software environment for which the Owner has 
selected and is responsible for as set out in Hyatt’s then current Configuration Guide Technical Requirements and 
Operating Standards: General Requirements, which is available upon request and posted on Hyatt’s intranet site, 
Hyattconnect. 
l.
“License Agreement” shall have the meaning assigned to it in the recitals.  
m.
“Order” means an order executed by Hyatt and Owner during the term of this Agreement, setting 
forth the billing and payment terms for the Fees. 
n.
“PCI DSS” means the current Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. 
o.
“Property Management System” means the software specified in the License Agreement.   
p.
“Services” means all tasks and services to be performed by Hyatt hereunder and described in 
Schedule 1. 
q.
“Term” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof. 
r.
“Third Party Software” means any software that is proprietary to a third party and that is installed 
and maintained on the Hosted Hardware or otherwise used in connection with the provision of the Services but does 
not include the Property Management System. 
3.
Data Ownership.  
Hyatt and Owner acknowledge and agree that ownership and access rights for the data input into the 
Property Management System shall be as set forth in the Franchise Agreement. 
