A-3 
1616961488.2 
F.
Upon determination by Hyatt that each level of the design documents submitted by 
Franchisee pursuant to the submittal process set forth in Section 11 below comply 
with the Design and Construction Standards, provide Hyatt’s comments which may 
be delivered electronically, which shall constitute the acknowledgement by both 
parties that such documents are Approved by Hyatt, subject to such comments. 
G.
Review other reports and studies provided by Franchisee’s Consultants required for 
the design of the Project which consist of the final versions of all design documents 
and studies requested in prior submissions which have incorporated all Hyatt 
comments. 
H.
Conduct a risk assessment and mitigation plan review to identify the level of 
potential threats and hazards to the Hotel and to determine the types and extent of 
security systems required to meet the Design and Construction Standards, provide 
on Background Drawings the location of certain security cameras and locking 
mechanisms, and provide review of drawings and plans from the security consultant 
indicating the location of security cameras and locks, and outline specifications.  
“Background Drawings” shall mean to scale floor plans, interior wall elevations 
and reflected ceiling plans prepared by the Approved architect clearly delineating 
structural grid, walls, partitions, columns, shafts and chases, such drawings 
generally devoid of dimensional lines and notations within perimeter walls. 
I.
Consult with Franchisee to determine the appropriate quantities of operating 
equipment required to meet the Design and Construction Standards and needs of 
Hyatt to operate the Hotel.  
J.
Prepare supplies documents for the operating equipment and review any 
substitutions thereto proposed by Franchisee. 
 
1.2 
Potential Consultants List 
a) Hyatt, at its option, may advise Franchisee regarding the selection of certain key 
consultants, providers and specialists for Franchisee to select and appoint, to the 
extent necessary and appropriate in relation to the scope including but not limited 
to: 

Design Architects (Total project)  

Working (Local) Architects, Architects of Record 

MEP Services Consultants (Hotel) 

Interior Design Consultant (Limited to Program Implementation) 

Interior & Exterior Lighting Consultants (Limited to Program Implementation) 

Landscape Designer 

Food Service/Kitchen Consultant or Providers 

Food & Beverage Consultant (where required) 

Audio Visual Consultant or Providers 
