A-10 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
“Quality Assurance and Compliance Programs” means the quality assurance, 
compliance and guest satisfaction programs for the Hotel that Hyatt periodically develops and 
modifies. 
“Ramp Period” means the period beginning on the first day of the month that the Hotel 
first began operating as a Brand Hotel (whether under Franchisee or any other party) continuing 
for the number of calendar months set forth in Exhibit B-1. 
“Reasonable Business Judgment” means that Hyatt’s action or inaction has a business 
basis that is intended to benefit the Brand Hotel network or the profitability of the network, 
including Hyatt and its Affiliates, regardless of whether some individual hotels may be 
unfavorably affected; or to increase the value of the Proprietary Marks; or to increase or enhance 
overall hotel guest or franchisee or owner satisfaction; or to minimize possible brand 
inconsistencies or customer confusion. 
“Reasonable Deviations” means that, if the market area or circumstances of a Brand Hotel 
warrant, then, in Hyatt’s Reasonable Business Judgment, Hyatt may apply an aspect of the Hotel 
System, System Standard, requirement, fee or other term or condition to the Hotel in a manner 
which differs from the manner in which that aspect of the Hotel System, requirement, fee or other 
term or condition applies to one or more other similarly situated Brand Hotels.   
“Related Parties” means, with respect to each of Hyatt and Franchisee, each of their 
respective Affiliates (and, with respect to Franchisee, the Guarantors), and all of its and their 
respective owners, officers, managers, directors, agents and/or employees. 
“Sanctioned Person” means (a) any individual, entity or organization, including any 
government or agency thereof, with whom either Franchisee or Hyatt is prohibited from doing 
business or maintaining a relationship under any Trade Restriction Law; and (b) any individual, 
entity or organization who is controlled by, or acting as the agent or nominee of, anyone listed in 
subsection (a). 
“Security Interest” means any lien, charge, pledge, mortgage, security interest or other 
encumbrance. 
“Spa Operations” means all spa and related operations and services for Hotel guests and 
patrons, consisting of all therapy, massage and other treatments, salon services and other spa-
related services, if applicable for the Hotel.  
“Spa Operator” means the operator of Spa Operations (if any) at the Hotel, other than 
Franchisee or the Management Company. 
“System Services” means those services generally made available by the Hyatt Group 
from time to time on a central, regional, or other shared or group basis (whether in whole or in 
part) to all or certain Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels that the Hyatt Group reasonably 
determines shall be provided such services, and which are categorized as either Mandatory 
Services or Non-Mandatory Services.   
