64 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
satisfactorily complete required brand standard training programs.  If we approve a management 
company, as a condition of that approval, the management company must sign the documents we 
require to protect our intellectual property rights and reflect its agreement to perform its 
management responsibilities and operate the Hotel in compliance with the Franchise Agreement.  
Our current form of Management Company Rider is attached as Exhibit F to the Franchise 
Agreement. 
We may refuse to approve a management company that is a Competing Brand Owner.  
“Competing Brand Owner” means any entity that (a) is either a franchisor or owner of a Competing 
Brand (defined below), (b) manages or otherwise operates hotels exclusively for the franchisor or 
owner of a Competing Brand, or (c) is an affiliate of any entity described in (a) or (b) above.  A 
“Competing Brand” is a hotel concept that has at least 5 hotels operating under that concept’s trade 
name anywhere in the world and that, in our reasonable opinion, competes with Brand Hotels.  If 
the management company or you (if we approve you to manage the Hotel) at any time becomes a 
Competing Brand Owner, fails to meet our minimum qualifications (as we may periodically 
modify them) or fails to comply with the Franchise Agreement (including any System Standards 
and/or if the Hotel remains in any remedial or non-compliant status under our then current Quality 
Assurance and Compliance Program for 3 or more consecutive months), the Management 
Company Rider, or any conditions of operator approval that we previously imposed, then we may: 
(a) revoke our approval of that management company or you as the Hotel’s manager; or (b) as a 
condition of our continued approval, we may impose on that management company or you 
additional requirements, including participation in remedial training and other operational 
programs, at the Management Company’s or your expense.  If we revoke our approval of the 
Management Company or you as the manager, then you must promptly terminate the Management 
Arrangement (if applicable) and either assume direct control of the Hotel’s management and 
operation, if we approve you to manage the Hotel, or engage another management company we 
approve. 
You must ensure that all F&B Operations and all Spa Operations (if the Hotel has Spa 
Operations) operate in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and all 
applicable System Standards.  You must provide, or cause the management company to provide, 
all brand standard training programs to the F&B Operator and Spa Operator (if the Hotel has Spa 
Operations) that we periodically specify.  If the F&B Operator or Spa Operator at any time fails to 
operate in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and all applicable System 
Standards, or fails to comply with any agreement with us, then, without limiting our other rights 
and remedies under the Franchise Agreement and applicable law, we may revoke our approval of 
the F&B Operator or Spa Operator (as applicable).  You then must promptly terminate your 
arrangement with the F&B Operator or Spa Operator and either assume (if we approve you to 
manage the Hotel) or have your approved management company assume direct control of the 
Hotel’s F&B Operations or Spa Operations (as applicable) or engage another approved F&B 
Operator or Spa Operator we approve. 
At our option, before the Hotel’s general manager is engaged, you must submit to us the 
proposed candidate’s identity and qualifications.  If the general manager fails to ensure that the 
Hotel satisfies our quality assurance requirements and other brand standards, then we may require 
you (or your approved management company) to hire a new general manager for the Hotel.  You 
or the management company (as applicable) is solely responsible for hiring the Core Management 
