The products and services we offer to our customers are comprised of the following performance obligations:
Management and hotel services agreements and franchise agreements
•
Access to Hyatt's IP, including the Hyatt brand names—We receive sales-based fees from hotel owners in 
exchange for providing access to our IP, including the Hyatt brand names and systems, among other services. Fees 
are generally payable on a monthly basis as third-party owners and franchisees derive value from access to our IP. 
Fees are recognized over time as services are rendered. Under our franchise agreements, we also receive initial 
fees from third-party owners and franchisees. The initial fees do not represent a distinct performance obligation, 
and therefore, are combined with the royalty fees and deferred and recognized in franchise and other fees over the 
expected customer life, which is typically the initial term of the franchise agreement.
•
System-wide services—We provide system-wide services on behalf of owners of managed and franchised 
properties. The promise to provide system-wide services is not a distinct performance obligation because it is 
attendant to the access to our IP. Therefore, this promise is combined with the access to our IP to form a single 
performance obligation. 
Hyatt's system-wide services are accounted for under a fund model whereby third-party owners and 
franchisees are invoiced a system-wide assessment fee on a monthly basis. We recognize the revenues over time 
as services are provided in revenues for reimbursed costs on our consolidated statements of income. We have 
discretion over how we spend program revenues, and therefore, we are the principal. Expenses related to the 
system-wide programs are recognized as incurred in reimbursed costs on our consolidated statements of income. 
Over time, we intend to manage the system-wide programs to break-even and not earn a profit on these services, 
but the timing of revenues received from the owners may not align with the timing of the expenses incurred to 
operate the programs. Therefore, any difference between the revenues and expenses will impact our net income.
•
Management and hotel services agreement services—Under the terms of our management and hotel services 
agreements, we provide management and hotel services, which form a single performance obligation that qualifies 
as a series. In exchange, we receive variable consideration in the form of management or hotel services fees which 
are comprised of base and/or incentive management fees. Incentive fees are typically subject to the achievement 
of certain profitability targets, and therefore, we apply judgment in determining the amount of incentive 
management fees recognized each period. Incentive management fees are recognized to the extent it is probable 
that we will not reverse a significant portion of the fees in a subsequent period. We rely on internal financial 
forecasts and historical trends to estimate the amount of incentive management fees recognized and the probability 
that incentive fees will reverse in the future. Generally, base management and hotel services fees are due and 
payable on a monthly basis as services are provided, and incentive fees are due and payable based on the terms of 
the agreement, but at a minimum, incentive fees are billed and collected annually. Revenues are recognized over 
time as services are rendered.
Under the terms of certain management agreements, primarily within the U.S., we are the employer of hotel 
employees. When we are the employer, we are reimbursed for costs incurred related to the employee management 
services with no added margin, and the reimbursements are recognized over time as services are rendered in 
revenues for reimbursed costs on our consolidated statements of income. In jurisdictions in which we are the 
employer, we have discretion over how employee management services are provided, and therefore, we are the 
principal.
•
Loyalty program administration—We administer the loyalty program for the benefit of Hyatt's portfolio of 
properties during the period of their participation in the loyalty program. Under the program, members earn points 
based on their spend at our properties and through our experience platform; by transacting with our strategic 
loyalty alliances, including American Airlines and Peloton; or in connection with spend on the World of Hyatt co-
branded consumer and business credit cards. Loyalty program points can be redeemed for the right to stay at 
participating properties, as well as for other goods and services from third parties. Points earned by loyalty 
program members represent a material right to free or discounted goods or services in the future.
The loyalty program has one performance obligation that consists of marketing and managing the program 
and arranging for award redemptions by members. These two promises are not distinct because the promise to 
market and manage the program does not benefit the customer without the related arrangement for award 
redemptions. The costs of administering the loyalty program are charged to the properties through an assessment 
fee based on members' qualified expenditures. The assessment fee is billed and collected monthly, and revenues 
received by the program are deferred until a member redeems points. Upon redemption of points at managed and 
franchised properties, we recognize the previously deferred revenue in revenues for reimbursed costs on our 
