40 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
Obligation 
Section 
in agreement 
Disclosure 
document item 
x.
Dispute resolution 
Article 14 of Franchise Agreement; 8 of 
Confidentiality Agreement; 11 of 
Central Services Agreement 
6 and 17 
y.
Honoring guest room rates 
3.3 and 4.5 of Franchise Agreement 
8 
z.
Guarantor Monetary 
Threshold 
12.1 of Franchise Agreement and 
Guaranty 
15 
aa.
Right of first offer 
Exhibit C of Franchise Agreement 
17 
Item 10 
FINANCING 
We do not have a fixed financial assistance program for our franchisees and typically do 
not offer financial assistance to franchisees.  However, in some cases we periodically may offer 
financial assistance to franchisees developing new Brand Hotels or converting existing hotels from 
other brands to the Hotel System.  We have no formal criteria to determine which franchisees will 
receive financial assistance or the amount or timing of the assistance.  The terms of any financial 
assistance, including amount, interest rate, and repayment terms, will vary widely and depend on 
our agreement with the franchisee and its particular circumstances.  Our decision to offer financial 
assistance depends on what we think is best for us and the Brand Hotel franchise network.  We 
have no obligation to offer financial assistance to any franchisee.
Except as described above, neither we nor our affiliates offer direct or indirect financing.  
Neither we nor our affiliates guarantee your note, lease or obligation. 
Item 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING,  
COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C. is not required to provide you with 
any assistance. 
Before you begin operating the Hotel, we or another member of the Hyatt Group will: 
1.
Approve a site for the Hotel that meets our requirements.  We do not provide 
any site selection assistance or specify an area within which you may look for a site.  We 
do not own hotel premises and lease them to franchisees.  In determining whether to 
approve a site, we consider, among other things, demographic characteristics, traffic 
patterns, parking, visibility, allowed signage, the predominant character of the 
neighborhood, competition from other lodging facilities in the area, the nature of other 
