10 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
Pre-Opening Purchasing Services 
At your option, you may ask Rosemont, our affiliate, to assist you with pre-opening 
consulting services for any model rooms, FF&E, OS&E, and IT for a new Brand Hotel.  
Rosemont’s fees for this optional assistance would range from $85,000 to $275,000, depending on 
how much and what kind of assistance you ask Rosemont to provide.  
IT Project Management Services and Implementation and Training for Hyatt Proprietary 
Systems 
We will provide the IT project management services, which are described in Exhibit E of 
the Franchise Agreement, relating to the opening of the Hotel (the “IT Project Management 
Services”).  Our performance is dependent on your timely, accurate, and effective performance of 
all responsibilities listed in Exhibit E to the Franchise Agreement.  These services include blueprint 
review and IT project management and planning and installation, configuration and training 
services for Hyatt proprietary systems.  You must pay us a non-refundable fee of $69,900 for a 
Hotel with up to 250 guest rooms and you must reimburse us or our affiliate for our or its 
reasonable expenses in rendering the IT Project Management Services, including any necessary 
transportation, lodging and meals (which we anticipate will range from $10,815 to $17,510), plus 
applicable taxes.  If your Hotel is larger than 250 guest rooms, we may require a larger IT Project 
Management Services fee, which we and you would agree on before signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  We will invoice you for the IT Project Management Services fee (including expenses) 
on or after we complete an IT Project Management Service or upon your termination of the Hotel 
development project or the IT Project Management Services, for any reason, in either event 
regardless of whether we have  approved the Hotel for opening. 
Additional Pre-Opening Advisory Services 
You may request, or we may determine that you need, additional guidance, services or 
assistance during the pre-opening period concerning the development, construction, or inspection 
and approval process that is beyond what we typically provide to similarly situated Brand Hotels.  
We may determine you need additional pre-opening services under certain circumstances, 
including if the Hotel is a conversion of an existing structure to a Brand Hotel (rather than a newly-
constructed facility), if one of our affiliates previously managed the Hotel, or if you (or your 
owners or operators) lack prior experience or familiarity with the System.  If we agree to provide 
this additional guidance and advice (for example, making more than a reasonable number of visits 
to the Hotel during the development and construction period), then you must pay our then current 
fees for our services.  The costs of these fees will vary depending on the additional guidance or 
service you request or we determine you need, but we estimate that you may pay between $0 and 
$375,000 for additional services or guidance before the Hotel opens. 
Pre-Opening Training Fees and Expenses 
In connection with the Hotel opening, we will provide owner/operator orientation and 
training to the Hotel management and staff on elements of the Hotel System, including training for 
the Hotel’s general manager at our General Manager University and training for the managing 
owner and senior operations officer at the owner/operator orientation program.  We may conduct 
