36 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
from us, our affiliates, or designated or approved suppliers.  Except for The Living Company, 
which may provide some FF&E to Brand Hotels, none of our officers currently owns an interest 
in any supplier to Brand Hotel franchisees. 
However, you must buy or lease most other products and services for your Hotel according 
to our System Standards.  We issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our 
affiliates’ and our franchisees’ experience in operating Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network 
Hotels.  Our standards and specifications may impose minimum requirements for delivery, 
performance, reputation, prices, quality, design, and appearance, among other factors.  You must 
ensure that the Hotel strictly complies with all applicable laws and maintains adequate insurance 
policy coverage in the amounts that we periodically specify.  Our System Standards or other 
communications will identify our standards and specifications and/or names of approved suppliers.  
Other than as outlined in this Item, you can obtain FF&E, supplies, or other goods and 
services from any source that meet our quality standards, as set forth in the System Standards 
(including the Design and Construction Standards) or as we otherwise communicate.  However, 
we may designate a specific model or brand of product, or a specific supplier of goods or services 
(which may include us or our Affiliates) for the any and all of the following: (i) Technology System 
components, (ii) components of the Hotel’s fire and life safety systems, and (iii) any other goods 
or services used in the development or operation of the Hotel for which we have determined, that 
uniformity of supply among all or substantially all Brand Hotels is beneficial to the Hotel System. 
If the Hyatt Group receives any payments from vendors or service providers whose costs 
are included as part of System Services Costs, the Hyatt Group currently will offset them against 
System Services Costs.  We and our affiliates may receive rebates, commissions, payments, 
benefits and other material consideration from suppliers on account of their actual or prospective 
dealings with you and other franchisees and owners of Brand Hotels, but neither we nor our 
affiliates will receive rebates from suppliers based solely on the volume of your purchases from 
those suppliers unless we either forward those rebates to you, use them to cover System Services 
Costs, or otherwise use those rebates for the benefit of the Hotel System or the Brand Hotel 
network.  During the 2024 fiscal year, Hyatt Corporation received $1 in rebates from suppliers of 
food and beverage products and office supplies based on purchases that franchised Brand Hotels 
made from those suppliers, but Hyatt Corporation used this entire amount to offset part of the 
System Services Costs.  In addition, Brand Hotel network suppliers attending franchisee 
conventions, conferences, or other meetings of Brand Hotel owners make contributions to us or 
other members of the Hyatt Group (which do not derive from franchisee purchases) that we use to 
defray your and other franchisees’ and owners’ costs of attending these functions.  Except for these 
payments, neither we nor our affiliates currently receive, or have negotiated to receive, similar 
payments or other material consideration from suppliers based on our franchisees’ purchases or 
leases, although our affiliates currently receive rebates from suppliers based on goods and services 
they buy for Brand Hotels that they operate.   
You also must participate in and comply with the terms of all of our mandatory marketing, 
reservation service, rate and room inventory management, advertising, guest frequency and 
loyalty, social responsibility, discount or promotional, customer award, customer loyalty, Internet, 
computer, training and operating programs, including a PMS that interfaces with the CRS or any 
other central reservation system that we periodically adopt.  We may periodically establish and/or 
