9 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
or all Non-Mandatory Services and related programs, in the manner that Hyatt periodically 
specifies.  Hyatt may from time to time add to, delete from, and otherwise modify these System 
Services, and the scope of and manner of providing System Services, upon notice to Franchisee.  
Also, due to the differences in products, services, markets and hospitality experiences among 
Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels, Hyatt may, where it deems appropriate in its 
judgment:  (a) classify certain System Services as Mandatory Services under this Agreement which 
Hyatt classifies as Non-Mandatory Services or does not offer to other Brand Hotels and/or other 
Hyatt Network Hotels; (b) not provide to the Hotel certain System Services that Hyatt provides to 
other Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels; and (c) limit the scope of those System 
Services provided to franchised Brand Hotels, including, by way of example and without 
limitation, by limiting the access that franchised Brand Hotels have to certain customer and other 
proprietary information for Hyatt Network Hotels other than the Hotel.   
4.2
Management of the Hotel.   
(a)
Franchisee or Management Company as Manager.  Either a 
Management Company that Hyatt approves in writing or Franchisee (if Hyatt approves 
Franchisee to manage the Hotel) must at all times retain and exercise direct management 
control over all aspects of the Hotel’s business and must be the employer of the Hotel’s 
Core Management and other personnel, except for any members of Core Management that 
are overseen by an F&B Operator whom Hyatt approves.  At Hyatt’s option, before any of 
the Hotel’s Core Management are engaged, Franchisee must submit to Hyatt the identity 
and qualifications of the proposed candidates.  These personnel must be in place and 
working on behalf of the Hotel by the time period Hyatt specifies.  Franchisee may not 
enter into a Management Arrangement without Hyatt’s prior written approval of the 
Management Company, and Franchisee may not itself manage the Hotel without Hyatt’s 
approval of Franchisee as the Hotel’s operator.  Hyatt will not unreasonably withhold its 
approval if the Management Company or Franchisee (as applicable) meets Hyatt’s 
minimum qualifications, including Hyatt’s then current operator approval fee, and ensures 
that its personnel attend and satisfactorily complete required brand standard training 
programs.   
(b)
Management Company Documents.  As a condition of Hyatt’s approval 
of any Management Company, the Management Company must (i) sign the documents 
Hyatt requires to protect its intellectual property rights and to reflect the Management 
Company’s agreement to perform its management responsibilities and otherwise operate 
the Hotel in compliance with this Agreement (collectively, the “Management Company 
Documents”); and (ii) attend and successfully complete Hyatt’s designated then current 
operator training programs for Brand Hotels, if any.  The current version of the 
Management Company Documents is attached as Exhibit F.  Hyatt may refuse to approve 
a Management Company that is a Competing Brand Owner.  If Hyatt has approved a 
Management Company as of the Effective Date, or if Hyatt has approved Franchisee to 
manage the Hotel as of the Effective Date, then the approved Management Company (if 
applicable) is listed on Exhibit B-1.   
(c)
Revocation of Management Company Approval.  If an approved 
Management Company or Franchisee (if Hyatt approves Franchisee to manage the Hotel) 
