2 
1616961488.2 
“FF&E Manager” means an on-Site manager of FF&E, selected, trained and proposed by Hyatt 
and Approved by Franchisee, such Approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed.  
“Franchise Agreement” means the applicable Franchise Agreement between Hyatt and 
Franchisee for the development and operation of the Hotel.  
“Franchisee” means the Franchisee identified in the Franchise Agreement and its affiliates 
engaged in the Project. 
“Franchisee’s Representative” means the person appointed by Franchisee in writing to serve as 
Franchisee’s representative with respect to communications, including Approvals, between 
Franchisee and Hyatt in connection with the Project.  Franchisee shall inform Hyatt in writing of 
any change in such Franchisee’s Representative.   
“Hotel” means the Hyatt branded or affiliated Hotel as defined and described in the Franchise 
Agreement. 
“Hyatt” means Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C.  
“Legal Requirements” means any provision of law, including, without limitation, any statute, 
ordinance, regulation, rule, award or order of any governmental agency or tribunal having 
jurisdiction over the Project, the Hotel, its operations or the construction and/or development 
thereof.   
“Peer Review” means a professional review of drawings, calculations, samples, measurements, 
and the like to determine the design performance of the various systems and building components, 
the accuracy of the information, the coordination and conflict resolution between the various 
elements, the identification of errors and omissions, compliance of the information with Legal 
Requirements, compliance of the means and methods of intended installation and construction 
with safety requirements, and the like. 
“Preliminary Area Program” means the Preliminary Area Program set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement.
“Project” means Franchisee’s and its affiliates’ project to design, build, equip, furnish, and 
decorate the Hotel pursuant to the Franchise Agreement. 
“Project Manager” means a suitably qualified project director, project manager or project 
management company with substantial experience in the development and construction of full 
service, upscale hotels.
 “Site” means the site of the Hotel, as defined in the Franchise Agreement. 
