3 
1616961488.2 
2. 
CONSULTANTS 
Franchisee must engage and retain at its own expense all Consultants required for the Project, each of 
whom shall be agreed upon by Franchisee and Hyatt.  Hyatt may, at its option, nominate to Franchisee 
each category of Consultants (with the exception of structural engineers) enumerated in section 1.2 
of Exhibit A.  To the extent that Franchisee has any existing consultants, contractors, or other 
design specialists and the work quality or the performance of any such existing consultants, 
contractors, or specialists does not meet Hyatt’s standards, or is otherwise deemed unacceptable 
to Hyatt, Franchisee agrees to replace such consultants, contractors, or specialists with Consultants 
enumerated on Exhibit A and which have been agreed to by Hyatt, promptly at Hyatt’s direction.  
In addition to the Consultants, Franchisee agrees to engage and retain at its own expense a Project 
Manager, which shall be mutually selected by Hyatt and Franchisee.  Franchisee shall engage the 
Project Manager within three (3) months following the effective date of the Franchise Agreement. 
If required by Hyatt, Franchisee shall in addition to the Project Manager and the Consultants, 
engage and retain at its own expense an FF&E Manager to assist Franchisee and its Consultants 
and contractors to meet the Design and Construction Standards.  The FF&E Manager shall be 
selected no later than fifteen (15) months and no earlier than eighteen (18) months prior to the 
Opening Date.  The FF&E Manager shall be an employee or independent contractor of Franchisee 
and shall provide monthly construction and photographic reports to Hyatt in such forms as Hyatt 
may reasonably require.  Franchisee will be required to pay the FF&E Manager’s salary, benefits, 
housing (in the form of a fully furnished one (1)-bedroom apartment) and other customary and usual 
costs incidental to their engagement (including office space and administrative assistance, reasonable 
transportation to and from the Site, one (1) round trip economy class air ticket to the home of FF&E 
Manager for each twelve (12)-month period, local income taxes and local business travel). 
Franchisee shall cause all Consultants and contractors to prepare full and adequate plans, layouts, 
specifications, drawings and designs, both interior and exterior, and models, colored renderings 
and material boards of quality suitable for advertising and promotion, with respect to the Hotel.  
The contracts between Franchisee and all such Consultants and contractors shall require that, 
where appropriate, such Consultants and contractors shall provide, at Franchisee’s cost and 
expense, adequate training to the personnel of the Hotel in the use and maintenance of the building 
and all systems and installations therein and shall furnish to Franchisee and Hyatt, at the conclusion 
of the Project, three (3) full sets of “as-built drawings” (hard copies and in electronic format) as 
executed, and catalog cut sheets, operating manuals and instructions. 
Franchisee shall cause and ensure that its Consultants and contractors cooperate with Hyatt in 
every respect in connection with Hyatt’s review of the Project.  Hyatt shall be entitled to 
conclusively rely on any instructions or Approvals given to it by Franchisee’s Representative as 
being the instructions or Approvals of Franchisee.   
Franchisee shall manage all aspects of the construction of the Project.  In performing these 
responsibilities, Franchisee, either on its own or through its Consultants or contractors, shall, 
without limiting any other obligations of Franchisee: 
