For each performance obligation satisfied over time, we recognize revenues using an output method based on the value 
transferred to the customer. Revenues are recognized based on the transaction price and the observable outputs related to each 
performance obligation. We deem the following to represent our progress in satisfying these performance obligations:
•
revenues and operating profits earned by the hotels during the reporting period for access to Hyatt's IP as it is 
indicative of the value third-party owners and franchisees derive;
•
revenues and operating profits of the hotels for the promise to provide services to the hotels under management and 
hotel services agreements;
•
award night redemptions or point redemptions with third-party partners for the administration of the loyalty program 
performance obligation; and
•
cardholder spend for the license to the Hyatt name through our co-branded credit card programs as it is indicative of 
the value our partner derives from the use of our name.
Within our management and hotel services agreements, we have two performance obligations: providing access to Hyatt's 
IP and providing management and hotel services. Although these constitute two separate performance obligations, both 
obligations represent services that are satisfied over time, and we recognize revenues using an output method based on the 
performance of the hotel. Therefore, we have not allocated the transaction price between these two performance obligations as 
the allocation would result in the same pattern of revenue recognition.
Revenues are adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component when the period between the transfer of the 
promised goods or services to the customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year. 
We have applied the practical expedient that permits the omission of prior-period information about revenues allocated to 
future performance obligations, and we do not estimate revenues allocated to remaining performance obligations for the 
following:
•
deferred revenue related to the loyalty program, base management fees, and incentive management fees as the 
revenues are allocated to a wholly unperformed performance obligation in a series; 
•
revenues related to royalty fees as they are considered sales-based royalty fees; 
•
revenues received for free nights granted through our co-branded credit card programs as the awards have an original 
duration of 12 months; 
•
revenues related to advanced bookings at owned and leased hotels as each stay has a duration of 12 months or less; and
•
revenues related to ALG Vacations and Mr & Mrs Smith distribution services as bookings are generally for travel 
within 12 months or less.
Contract Balances—Our payments from customers are based on the billing terms established in our contracts. Customer 
billings are recorded as accounts receivable when our right to consideration is unconditional. If our right to consideration is 
conditional on future performance under the contract, the balance is recorded as a contract asset in receivables, net on our 
consolidated balance sheets. Due to certain profitability hurdles in our management and hotel services agreements, incentive 
management fees are considered contract assets until the risk related to achieving the profitability metric no longer exists. When 
the profitability hurdle has been met, the incentive management fee receivable balance is recorded in accounts receivable in 
receivables, net on our consolidated balance sheets. Payments received in advance of performance under the contract are 
recorded as current or long-term contract liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and recognized as revenues as we 
perform under the contract.
Costs Incurred to Obtain Contracts with Customers—Prior to the UVC Transaction (see Note 4), we incurred 
incremental costs to obtain membership contracts, primarily related to sales commissions. At December 31, 2023, we had 
$27 million of these deferred costs recorded in prepaids and other assets and $194 million recorded in other assets on our 
consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, we 
recognized $4 million, $27 million, and $9 million, respectively, of amortization expense related to these deferred costs in other 
direct costs on our consolidated statements of income using the straight-line method over the same period as the associated 
revenues.
Foreign Currency—The functional currency of our consolidated entities located outside the U.S. is generally the local 
currency. The assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates, and the related 
