74 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
The Covered Hotels are similar in size and services offered to the Brand Hotels that we 
expect franchisees will develop.  The Covered Hotels operate in a mix of urban and suburban sites.  
The Covered Hotels had operated under an affiliation with the “JdV by Hyatt” brand for an average 
of 4.4 years as of December 31, 2024.  Some of the Covered Hotels converted from another system 
or were independent hotels and therefore had an existing marketing and customer base before 
becoming affiliated with the “JdV by Hyatt” brand.  The average number of rooms at the Covered 
Hotels is 150, with 279 as the highest room count and 40 as the lowest room count.  The Covered 
Hotels operate throughout the United States and Canada and are generally not concentrated in 
specific regions or markets.  During 2024, 82.8% of the reservations at the Covered Hotels were 
for 1 to 4 nights, 13.9% were for 5 to 11 nights, 2.4% were for 12 to 29 nights, and 0.9% were for 
30 or more nights.   
We classify the Covered Hotels as Franchised Covered Hotels and Owned/Managed 
Covered Hotels.  “Franchised Covered Hotels” are the 6 Covered Hotels that franchisees own and 
operate.  Some of these Franchised Covered Hotels might be joint ventures in which our affiliate 
owns less than 50% of the ownership interest.  “Owned/Managed Covered Hotels” are the 12
Covered Hotels in which our affiliate owns at least a 50% interest or that our affiliate manages for 
a third party.  The results of operations for Owned/Managed Covered Hotels that we manage for 
third parties are not materially different from the results of operations of other similarly situated 
Owned/Managed Covered Hotels.  
First FPR:  Hyatt Statistics for Occupancy Rate, Average Daily Rate and RevPAR 
“Occupancy Rate” is the total number of room nights sold for a hotel during 2024 divided 
by the total number of available room nights for that hotel during 2024.  To calculate the average 
Occupancy Rate for all Covered Hotels (or a subgroup of Covered Hotels), we divided the total 
number of room nights sold for all Covered Hotels (or that subgroup) by the total number of 
available room nights for those hotels.   
“Average Daily Rate” is the Gross Rooms Revenue for a hotel during 2024 divided by the 
total number of room nights sold for that hotel during 2024.  To calculate the Average Daily Rate 
for all Covered Hotels (or a subgroup of Covered Hotels), we divided the aggregate Gross Rooms 
Revenue for the Covered Hotels (or that subgroup) by the total number of room nights sold for 
those hotels.   
“RevPAR,” or revenue per available room, is the Gross Rooms Revenue for a hotel during 
2024 divided by the total number of available room nights for that hotel during 2024.  To calculate 
the RevPAR for all Covered Hotels (or a subgroup of Covered Hotels), we divided the aggregate 
Gross Rooms Revenue for the Covered Hotels (or that subgroup) by the total number of available 
room nights for those hotels.   
