17 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
participate in any or all Non-Mandatory Services and related programs, in the manner that we 
periodically specify.  “System Services” means those services that the Hyatt Group generally and 
periodically makes available on a central, regional, or other shared or group basis (whether in 
whole or in part) to those Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels that the Hyatt Group 
reasonably determines will be provided those services.  We categorize System Services as either 
Mandatory Services or Non-Mandatory Services.  “Mandatory Services” means those mandatory 
System Services that one or more members of the Hyatt Group provides to the Hotel and certain 
other Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels, and that the Hyatt Group reasonably 
determines must be acquired only from the Hyatt Group.  “Non-Mandatory Services” means those 
non-mandatory System Services that one or more members of the Hyatt Group provides to the 
Hotel and certain other Brand Hotels and other Hyatt Network Hotels that the Hyatt Group 
reasonably determines will be offered to the Hotel and certain other Brand Hotels and other Hyatt 
Network Hotels on an optional basis.  
We may periodically add to, delete from, and otherwise modify System Services, the scope 
of and manner of providing System Services upon written notice to you.  “System Services Costs” 
means, for the System Services in which the Hotel participates (or is required to participate), all 
costs that the Hyatt Group actually incurs or properly accrues during the period of determination 
in providing those System Services, including out-of-pocket expenses, costs for employees, 
occupancy costs, capital costs, administrative expenses, carrying costs and other costs.  Any 
allocation of shared costs that the Hyatt Group makes in good faith and with the intention of fairly 
allocating those costs to System Services is binding on us and you.  The Hyatt Group may vary 
these allocations depending on, among other things, the specific brand, size or market positioning 
of the Hotel.  System Services Costs include the actual costs that the Hyatt Group incurs and are 
not subject to any mark-up, premium or profit on any Mandatory Services, but may include a profit 
or mark-up component on Non-Mandatory Services. 
“System Services Charges” means the amounts that the Hyatt Group charges the Hotel, 
and you will pay, for the Hotel’s equitably allocable share of the System Services Costs attributable 
to the System Services in which the Hotel participates (or is obligated to participate), as the Hyatt 
Group periodically determines them.  The Hyatt Group determines System Services Charges on 
the same basis as it determines those amounts for other Brand Hotels and Hyatt Network Hotels 
that we periodically and reasonably determine are similarly situated with the Hotel (subject to 
Reasonable Deviations (as defined in Item 8) and that participate in those System Services in the 
same manner (collectively, “Participating Hotels”).  The Hyatt Group may in its reasonable 
discretion periodically change its method of allocation of the System Services Costs among 
Participating Hotels, and the categories of Brand Hotels and/or other Hyatt Network Hotels that 
are classified as Participating Hotels, but will at all times determine the method of allocation and 
categories of Participating Hotels on a reasonable, equitable and non-discriminatory basis.   
Our affiliates currently operate some Participating Hotels under management agreements 
and other contracts that were signed before our affiliate acquired the Two Roads Hospitality 
brands.  Some of these pre-existing contracts require different cost allocations than the Hyatt 
Group has historically used for allocating System Services Costs among Hyatt Network Hotels.  
While the Hyatt Group will allocate System Services Costs among Participating Hotels on a 
reasonable, equitable and non-discriminatory basis, you recognize that the Hyatt Group might have 
to subsidize some of these costs for some Participating Hotels based on these pre-existing 
