43 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
Standards or other aspects of the Hotel System.  The System Standards and any passwords 
or other digital identifications necessary to access the System Standards are confidential. 
Any materials, guidance or assistance that we provide on employment-related 
policies or procedures, whether in the System Standards or otherwise, are solely for your 
(or your management company’s) optional use.  Those materials, guidance and assistance 
do not form part of the mandatory System Standards.  You (or your approved management 
company) will determine to what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or assistance 
should apply to the Hotel’s employees.  We do not dictate or control labor or employment 
matters for franchisees and their employees.  You (or your approved management 
company) are solely responsible for determining the terms and conditions of employment 
for all Hotel employees (including Core Management), for all decisions concerning the 
hiring, firing and discipline of Hotel employees, and for all other aspects of the Hotel’s 
labor relations and employment practices.  (Sections 3.2 and 4.3 of Franchise Agreement) 
13.
Authorize your Hotel to open in affiliation with the Proprietary Marks if 
you satisfy our pre-opening conditions as set forth in the System Standards or otherwise in 
writing.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts in our review and approval of plans 
and in our approval process to open the Hotel, including by making a reasonable number 
of visits to the Site (to the extent practical under the circumstances) and providing 
reasonable guidance and advice relating to the Hotel’s development or conversion.  You 
must pay our then current fees for any additional guidance, services or assistance (beyond 
what we typically provide to similarly situated Brand Hotels, subject to Reasonable 
Deviations) that you request and we agree to provide.  We act only in an advisory capacity 
and are not responsible for the adequacy or coordination of any plans and specifications, 
the integrity of any structures, compliance with applicable laws (including accessibility 
laws) or any insurance requirements, or obtaining any permits.  We will have no liability 
to you for the Hotel’s construction or renovation.  You must give us certificates from your 
contractors concerning the Hotel’s compliance.  (Sections 2.5 and 2.6 of Franchise 
Agreement) 
14.
Provide revenue management services for the Hotel if you choose to acquire 
them or we determine that you must acquire them.  (Revenue Management Services 
Program Schedule) 
15.
Provide field marketing program services for the Hotel if you choose to 
acquire them.  (Field Marketing Program Schedule) 
During your operation of the Hotel, we or another member of the Hyatt Group will: 
1.
Continue to provide the System Services for the Hotel, as we periodically 
modify them.  (Section 4.1 of Franchise Agreement) 
2.
Advise you periodically regarding the Hotel’s operation, for example 
concerning System Standards and advertising and marketing materials and programs.  If 
you request, and we agree to provide, additional or special guidance, assistance, or training, 
you must pay our then applicable charges and travel and living expenses.  Any specific 
