21 
JdV 2025-2026 FDD  
1615803260.3
Column 1 
Type of Fee 
Column 2 
Amount 
Column 3 
Due Date 
Column 4 
Remarks 
• 1% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue per room night 
for leads generated from 
the sales sourcing center 
(e.g., referrals)
“Group Contract Revenue” 
means 90% of the total 
revenue included in the 
group contract 
In addition to any sales, use and other taxes that applicable law requires or permits us to 
collect from you for providing goods or services under the Franchise Agreement, you must pay us 
all federal, state, local or foreign (a) sales, use, excise, privilege, occupation or any other 
transactional taxes, and (b) other taxes or similar exactions, no matter how designated, that are 
imposed on us or that we are required to withhold relating to the receipt or accrual of amounts you 
pay us under the Franchise Agreement, excluding only taxes imposed on us for the privilege of 
conducting business and calculated based on our net income, capital, net worth, gross receipts, or 
some other basis or combination of those factors, but not excluding any gross receipts taxes 
imposed on us or our affiliates for your payments intended to reimburse us or our affiliates for 
expenditures incurred for your benefit and on your behalf.  You must make these additional 
required payments in an amount necessary to provide us with after-tax receipts (taking into account 
any additional required payments) equal to the same amounts that we would have received if the 
additional tax liability or withholding had not been imposed or required. 
Explanatory Notes to All Charts 
1.
Gross Rooms Revenue, Channel Bookings, and Royalty Fee.  “Gross Rooms 
Revenue” means “Total Rooms Revenue” or its equivalent, as determined in accordance with the 
Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, Eleventh Edition, as published by the 
Educational Institute of the American Hotel and Motel Association, 2014, or a later edition that 
we approve, plus any revenue from resort fees, destination fees, or similar mandatory charges.  If 
you receive any proceeds from any business interruption insurance applicable to the rental of 
rooms at the Hotel, then there will be added to Gross Rooms Revenue an amount equal to the 
imputed gross revenues that the insurer used to calculate those proceeds.  Inclusion of resort fees, 
destination fees, or similar fees in “Gross Rooms Revenue” does not constitute our approval of or 
authorization to charge those fees.   
The Royalty Fee is payable only on the subset of Gross Rooms Revenue that is generated 
from Channel Bookings.  “Channel Bookings” means all bookings at the Hotel except for those 
made through third party travel agencies (as we determine them) such as booking.com, expedia, 
and similar companies.  “Channel Bookings” also includes travel agency bookings if they are made 
under an incentive program administered by the Hyatt Group, such as the Hyatt Group’s “Privé” 
incentive program.  Your Royalty Fee will be 7% of Gross Rooms Revenue generated from 
Channel Bookings.  If you are constructing a new Hotel, we may agree to reduce your Royalty Fee 
for the first 1-3 years of the Hotel’s operations.  
