1 
Digital Ancillary Services Program Schedule to Central Hotel Services Master Agreement 
2025 
1616960069.2 
DIGITAL ANCILLARY SERVICES PROGRAM SCHEDULE  
TO CENTRAL HOTEL SERVICES BY HYATT MASTER AGREEMENT 
This Digital Ancillary Program Schedule (“Schedule”) is made effective as of [INSERT DATE] 
(“Schedule Effective Date”) subject to and part of the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master Agreement 
entered into by the parties listed in the signature block below.  All capitalized terms not defined herein shall 
have the meaning ascribed to them in the Central Hotel Services by Hyatt Master Agreement or the 
Franchise Agreement, as applicable.   
The Services under this Schedule shall be effective commencing on such date as Hyatt may designate in 
writing to Owner (email shall suffice) and, if no date is specifically designated by Hyatt in writing, then 
commencing on the first day of the first quarter that is at least thirty (30) days following the Schedule 
Effective Date (“Service Effective Date”) and continuing until terminated in accordance with this section. 
From the Service Effective Date until this Schedule is terminated or until this Schedule is replaced with an 
Updated Services Schedule that sets forth new Services or Fees, each party shall fulfill its obligations 
hereunder. Owner acknowledges that Hyatt may update the Services and related prices at any time by 
providing the Property an Updated Services Schedule at least ninety (90) days in advance, which may be 
provided electronically via email or by posting to any intranet for Hyatt branded or affiliated hotels. Owner 
agrees to be responsible for any subsequently updated Fees as listed on an Updated Services Schedule. 
This Schedule may be terminated as follows: 
a.
Either party may terminate this Schedule for any reason or no reason by notifying the other 
party in writing at least days ninety (90) days in advance. [Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
event of termination by Owner pursuant to this subsection a. the effective date of such termination 
shall be no earlier than [Insert Date]7;  
b.
This Schedule shall automatically terminate if (i) the Franchise Agreement expires or is 
terminated and Owner does not enter into a franchise agreement, hotel management agreement or 
hotel services agreement with Hyatt or its affiliate such that the Property continues to operate under 
a Hyatt brand or affiliation immediately following termination, or (ii) the Central Hotel Services 
by Hyatt Master Agreement expires or is terminated; and/or 
c.
If either party commits a material breach of any provision of this Schedule and has failed 
to cure such breach within ten (10) days of receiving written notice, the other party may terminate 
this Schedule immediately upon written notice.   
In addition, Property agrees to provide Owner a copy of this Schedule, along with a written communication 
specifically noting that Owner may rescind execution of this Schedule by notifying Way (defined below) 
of such rescission within thirty (30) days of the date of the communication, a template form of which is 
attached hereto as Exhibit A.  If Owner provides timely notice of its decision to rescind, this Schedule shall 
immediately terminate without further obligation by either party. 
Upon termination of this Schedule, Owner shall remit to Hyatt payment for Services rendered through the 
effective date of termination. 
7 NTD: Delete this entire sentence if there is no term commitment being made by the hotel.
