 
1 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
This Area Development Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of the 
Effective Date by and between Franchisor and Developer. 
WHEREAS, Franchisor developed, and has the right to license the use of, the System for 
establishing and operating Restaurants under the Brand and utilizing the System and Marks; 
WHEREAS, Developer desires to obtain the right to develop Restaurants under the System 
and Marks in the Development Territory; and 
WHEREAS, in reliance on Developer’s representations, warranties, covenants and 
agreements set forth herein, Franchisor desires to grant Developer the right to develop and operate 
Restaurants in the Development Territory upon the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties, in consideration of the mutual obligations provided for 
in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, agree as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
(a) 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a named Person, any Person that is Controlled 
by, Controlling or under common Control with the named Person. 
(b) 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, 
as amended, and all similar laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Developer 
from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
(c) 
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” means the U.S. Patriot Act (Public Law 107- 56), U.S. 
Executive 
Order 
13224 
(text 
available 
at 
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/legal/eo/13224.pdf), and any similar Applicable 
Law prohibiting money laundering or the aid or support of Persons who conspire to commit acts 
of terror against any Person or government. 
(d) 
“Applicable Data Protection Law” means U.S. laws, rules, and regulations 
applicable to privacy and security of Personal Information, including, but not limited to, the 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act. 
(e) 
“Applicable Law” means any federal or state law, statute, ordinance, rule, permit, 
license, certification, regulation, code, treaty, ruling, directive, decree, order, or other requirement 
or rule of law pertaining or applicable to, arising under or in connection with the development of 
Restaurants or the execution, delivery, and performance by either Party of this Agreement or any 
agreement between the Parties related hereto, including, but not limited to, Applicable Data 
Protection Law. 
(f) 
“Brand” means the Fish & Chips restaurant concept. 
