 
 
58 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(c) 
Acquisition of Selected Site Upon Expiration or Termination. 
(1) 
Leasehold Rights.  If Franchisor elects to exercise its purchase option 
under this Section 22 and Franchisee occupies the Selected Site pursuant to a Lease, Franchisee 
will assign, or will cause any Principal or Affiliate to assign, the Lease to Franchisor (subject to 
landlord’s consent). If the Selected Site is leased from a landlord other than an Affiliate of 
Franchisee or a Principal of Franchisee or Franchisee’s Affiliate, on Franchisor’s request, 
Franchisee will assign the Lease to Franchisor or enter into a sublease with Franchisor for the 
remainder of the Lease term on the same terms (including renewal options) as the Lease (subject 
to landlord’s consent). Franchisor acknowledges that this obligation may be subject to approval or 
consent by any third-party landlord. Franchisee will exert its best efforts to secure any required 
consent from any third-party landlord to cause the Lease to be assigned or a sublease granted to 
Franchisor. 
(2) 
Real Estate Purchase.  If Franchisor elects to exercise its purchase option 
under this Section 22 and Franchisee, any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective Principals 
owns the Selected Site, Franchisor, at its sole option, may either (i) purchase the Selected Site 
(including any real property on which the Selected Site is situated), or (ii) upon purchase of the 
Operating Assets as described in Section 22(b) above, enter into a standard lease with Franchisee 
or its Principal or Affiliate containing reasonable market terms that in no case are less favorable 
than lease terms that are otherwise available in the market for a lease transaction for similar real 
estate. If Franchisee and Franchisor cannot agree on the fair market purchase price or rental value 
of the Selected Site, then appraisers (selected in the manner described in Section 22(b) above) will 
determine such purchase price or rental value, as applicable. 
(d) 
Closing. Franchisor will be entitled to all customary warranties and representations 
in connection with the purchase of the Operating Assets and/or Selected Site, including, without 
limitation, representations and warranties as to ownership and condition of and title to assets, liens 
and encumbrances on the assets, validity of contracts and agreements, and liabilities affecting the 
assets, contingent or otherwise. The purchase price will be paid in cash and is due at closing; 
provided, that Franchisor will have the right to set off from the purchase price (i) all fees due from 
Franchisee for any appraisal conducted hereunder, (ii) all amounts due from Franchisee to 
Franchisor or any of its Affiliates, and (iii) any costs incurred in connection with any escrow 
arrangement (including reasonable legal fees). The closing will take place not later than forty-five 
(45) days from the date of determination of the purchase price in writing by the appraisers unless 
the Parties otherwise agree in writing. At the closing, Franchisee will deliver to Franchisor: 
(1) 
instruments transferring good and merchantable title to the Operating 
Assets and/or Selected Site purchased, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances (other than 
liens and security interests acceptable to Franchisor), with all sales and other transfer taxes paid 
by Franchisee (provided, if Franchisee cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets, the 
closing of the sale will be accomplished through an escrow); 
(2) 
instruments transferring all approvals, licenses (including, without 
limitation, liquor licenses), and/or permits of the Restaurant which may be assigned or transferred, 
with appropriate consents, if required; 
