 
 
52 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
to assign, transfer and convey) to Franchisor all of Franchisee’s right, title and interest in such 
Confidential Information and proprietary interests. To the extent that such Confidential 
Information or proprietary interests may not be assigned under Applicable Law, Franchisee hereby 
grants and agrees to grant to Franchisor an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-
free, paid up and unconditional license, or if such grant would be invalid or not fully enforceable 
under Applicable Law, such other right and license as the Franchisor reasonably requests in order 
to acquire a legal position as close as possible to that contemplated by the Parties under this Section 
19(d). 
(e) 
Employees. Franchisee will cause each of its management employees, before and 
as a condition of employment, to sign a Confidentiality Agreement in the form of Exhibit B. 
Franchisee will be liable for any unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information by 
Franchisee’s Principals, employees and agents. 
(f) 
Severability and Enforceability of Covenants. Each of the covenants contained 
in this Section 19 will be considered separate and independent from each other. If any covenant in 
this Agreement which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable for any reason, but 
would be enforceable by reducing any part of it, such covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent 
permissible under Applicable Law. 
20. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
(a) 
By Franchisor. Franchisee acknowledges that any Event of Default or other failure 
by Franchisee to comply with this Agreement will harm Franchisor, the System, and the goodwill 
associated with the Marks, and that Franchisor entered into this Agreement (and granted the rights 
described herein) based on the expectation that Franchisee will fully comply with this Agreement. 
The occurrence of any of the following will adversely and substantially affect the interests of 
Franchisor and will be deemed an Event of Default constituting just cause for exercising any of 
the remedies set forth herein. 
(1) 
Termination Upon Notice Without Opportunity to Cure. Franchisee 
will be deemed to be in material default and Franchisor may, at its option, terminate this Agreement 
and all rights granted hereunder, without affording Franchisee any opportunity to cure the default, 
effective immediately upon the delivery to Franchisee of Notice as a result of the occurrence of 
any of the following Events of Default: 
(A) 
Franchisee (or any of its Principals) has made any material 
misrepresentation or omission in connection with this Agreement; 
(B) 
Franchisee fails to begin operating the Restaurant by the Opening 
Deadline; provided, if Franchisor, at its sole option, elects to impose a Pre-Opening Royalty Fee, 
termination for failure to timely begin operating the Restaurant will be governed by Section 20(c). 
(C) 
Franchisee abandons or fails actively to operate the Restaurant for 
three (3) or more consecutive Business Days, unless the Restaurant has been closed for a purpose 
Franchisor has approved or because of a Force Majeure Event; 
