 
 
61 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
or otherwise in writing, and fully comply and cooperate with Franchisor’s instructions in response 
to the Crisis Management Event (which instructions may require, among other things, Franchisee 
to temporarily close and/or suspend operations of the Restaurant for the duration of the Crisis 
Management Event). Failure to notify Franchisor immediately of a Crisis Management Event 
and/or fully comply and cooperate with Franchisor’s instructions in response to the Crisis 
Management Event constitutes an Event of Default. 
26. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
(a) 
Negotiation. Before submitting any claim, controversy, or dispute arising out of 
this Agreement to non-binding mediation, arbitration, litigation, or other legal proceedings (except 
actions seeking extraordinary relief, i.e., specific performance or an injunction), the complaining 
Party will provide written Notice to the other of the claim, controversy, or dispute, and each Party 
will, as promptly as practical but no later than thirty (30) days from such Notice, appoint one or 
more senior executives with authority to settle such claim, controversy, or dispute who will meet 
with each other in good faith for the purpose of resolving the claim, controversy, or dispute. 
(b) 
Non-Binding Mediation. Before any Party may bring an action or commence a 
proceeding against the other, the Parties must first meet to mediate the dispute. Any such mediation 
will be non-binding and will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association in the Dallas, 
Texas metropolitan area, in accordance with its then-current rules for mediation of commercial 
disputes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 26(b) will not bar either Party 
from obtaining injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause it loss or damages, under 
the usual equity rules, including the applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and 
preliminary injunctions, without having to engage in mediation. This Section 26(b) will not be 
applicable to any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between 
the Parties which relates to the failure to pay fees or other monetary obligation of Franchisee under 
this Agreement or with respect to Franchisee’s use of Confidential Information or the Marks. 
Mediation hereunder will be concluded within forty-five (45) days of the date the mediator is 
designated by the American Arbitration Association or such longer period as may be agreed upon 
by the Parties in writing. All aspects of the mediation process will be treated as confidential, will 
not be disclosed to others, and will not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding or legal 
action whatever. Franchisor and Franchisee will each bear their own costs of mediation, and each 
will bear fifty percent (50%) of the cost of the mediator or mediation service. 
(c) 
Arbitration.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any claim, 
controversy, or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Restaurant, or the 
relationship created by this Agreement, including any claim by Franchisee or its owners, 
concerning the entry into, the performance under, or the termination of this Agreement, or any 
other agreement between the parties will be resolved via binding arbitration under the authority of 
the Federal Arbitration Act in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
Any arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration 
Association (or its successor) pursuant to its then-current commercial arbitration rules and 
procedures.  The arbitrator will have the authority to decide issues regarding arbitrability and the 
scope of the arbitrator’s jurisdiction.  The arbitration must take place in the metropolitan area in 
