 
 
24 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(k) 
Operating Assets. Franchisor makes no warranties, express or implied, with 
respect to Operating Assets, including any statements made by Franchisor’s employees or agents, 
or statements contained in the Manuals, printed materials or general advertising materials. 
Franchisor makes no warranty of merchantability of Operating Assets or of the fitness of these 
items for any particular purpose. Any model or sample shown to Franchisee is provided solely to 
illustrate the general type, nature and quality of Operating Assets and not to represent or warrant 
that Operating Assets would conform to such model or sample. Franchisor is not liable for any 
Losses and Expenses, including, without limitation, any Consequential Damages, which may arise 
directly or indirectly in connection with the sale or use of the Operating Assets. 
(l) 
Supply Chain. Franchisor may, at its sole option, make available to and/or require 
Franchisee’s participation in Franchisor’s purchasing programs, buying groups and purchasing 
cooperatives pursuant to which Franchisor or its designee purchases Operating Assets, Products, 
and other required items from suppliers and resells them to Franchisee at Franchisor’s cost or other 
reasonable cost plus shipping fees and a reasonable markup. Franchisor may establish strategic 
alliances, national account programs, or preferred vendor programs for any Products or other 
required items or services, and may make such programs available to Franchisee and/or require 
Franchisee’s participation in such programs on the terms thereof as prescribed by Franchisor. 
(m) 
Failure to Comply with Operating Standards/Restrictions. Franchisee 
acknowledges the importance of every one of the Standards to the reputation and integrity of 
Gordon Ramsay, the System and the Marks and the goodwill associated therewith. If Franchisor 
provides a Notice to Franchisee of a failure to comply with the Standards and Franchisee fails to 
correct the non-compliance within the period of time that Franchisor requires (e.g., ranging from 
twenty-four (24) hours to thirty (30) days) depending on the nature of the non-compliance, then, 
in addition to any other remedies available to Franchisor for an Event of Default under this 
Agreement, Franchisor may impose an Event of Default Fee. 
(n) 
Control During Crisis Situation.  If an event occurs at the Restaurant that has or 
reasonably may cause harm or injury to guests, guests or employees (i.e., food spoilage/poisoning, 
food tampering/sabotage, slip and fall injuries, natural disasters, robberies, shootings, etc.) or may 
damage the Marks, the System or Franchisor reputation (collectively “Crisis Situation”), 
Franchisee shall: (1) immediately contact appropriate emergency care providers to assist 
Franchisee in curing the harm or injury; and (2) immediately inform Franchisor by telephone of 
the Crisis Situation. Franchisee must refrain from making any internal or external announcements 
(i.e., no communication with the news media) regarding the Crisis Situation (unless otherwise 
directed by Franchisor or public health officials). To the extent Franchisor deems appropriate, in 
Franchisor’s sole and absolute discretion, Franchisor or its designee may control the manner in 
which the Crisis Situation is handled by the parties, including conducting all communication with 
the news media, providing care for injured persons and/or temporarily closing the Restaurant. The 
parties acknowledge that, in directing the management of any Crisis Situation, Franchisor or its 
designee may engage the services of attorneys, experts, doctors, testing laboratories, public 
relations firms and those other professionals as Franchisor deems appropriate. Franchisee and its 
employees shall cooperate fully with Franchisor or its designee in its efforts and activities in this 
regard and shall be bound by all further Crisis Situation procedures developed by Franchisor from 
