 
 
31 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
conform to Applicable Law and the highest standards of ethical marketing and the promotion of 
policies which Franchisor prescribes from time to time, including, but not limited to, the Standards 
that Franchisor periodically prescribes in the Manuals or otherwise approves in writing for the 
Restaurant. Franchisee must submit to Franchisor in writing for approval all proposed advertising, 
promotional, and marketing materials which Franchisor has not prepared or previously approved 
in writing within the prior twelve (12) months, and Franchisee must receive Franchisor’s prior 
written approval before Franchisee may use such materials. Franchisee may not use any 
advertising or promotional materials that Franchisor has not approved in writing or has 
disapproved. Franchisor will own the copyrights to any materials so submitted, whether approved 
by Franchisor or not. In all cases, Franchisor has control over any profiles that use or relate to the 
Marks, that display the Marks, or that are maintained on social media outlets, including, without 
limitation, Facebook, Instagram, X (formerly known as Twitter), Pinterest, Foursquare, and all 
other similar outlets that may exist in the future. Franchisor may (but need not) establish guidelines 
pursuant to which Franchisee may establish profiles or otherwise establish a presence on such 
social media outlets. In such event, Franchisee must comply with the Standards imposed from time 
to time on such use. Franchisee will sign over control of any social media accounts or profiles, 
with fan bases intact, and provide access to reports and history of promotion performance, upon 
Franchisor’s request. Franchisee will place appropriate trademark and copyright notices and 
symbols on any marketing, advertising, promotional or other materials incorporating the Marks, 
Brand or aspect of the System at the Restaurant, with information to be included in such notices 
and symbols to be obtained from Franchisor. Moreover, Franchisee will use commercially 
reasonable efforts to include any specific trademark and copyright notices relating to the Marks as 
are requested by Franchisor. 
(j) 
Marketing Channels. Franchisor may, at its option, establish or has established 
one or more Marketing Channels to promote the Brand and may disable or terminate any 
Marketing Channel at any time without liability to Franchisee. Franchisor will solely determine 
the design, content and functionality of its Marketing Channels. Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that Franchisor (or its Affiliate) is the principal of, and will retain all right, title and interest 
in and to any existing and future Marketing Channels owned, or operated by Franchisor, or 
incorporating the Marks in any manner including use of any specific country code; all computer 
code used for or on Franchisor’s web sites; all text, images, sounds, files, video, designs, 
animations, layout, color schemes, Trade Dress, concepts, methods, techniques, processes and data 
used in connection with, displayed on, or collected from or through Franchisor’s Marketing 
Channels; and all intellectual property rights in or to any of the foregoing. Franchisor may 
periodically include content that identifies Restaurants operated under the Marks. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Franchisee is expressly prohibited from owning, operating, or launching any 
Marketing Channels of any kind without the express prior written consent of Franchisor. At 
Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must sign any documents, submit any information and do any 
other things that Franchisor reasonably requires to participate in any Marketing Channel 
administered by Franchisor. 
(k) 
Menu Item Price Policy. Subject to Applicable Law, Franchisee will charge menu 
item prices no higher or lower than those specified from time to time by Franchisor in its menus, 
Manuals or otherwise in writing, subject to Applicable Law. Franchisee’s failure to comply with 
this policy will authorize Franchisor, at its sole option, to increase the Royalty Fee as described in 
