 
 
46 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
GORDON RAMSAY FISH & CHIPS 
5038744 
Sep. 13, 2016 
GORDON RAMSAY FISH & CHIPS 
5110179 
Dec. 27, 2016 
 
6997544 
Mar. 07, 2023 
There is no presently effective determination of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal 
Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court, nor any pending infringement, 
opposition, or cancellation proceeding, nor any pending material litigation involving the Marks 
that is relevant to its ownership, use, or licensing. 
Our rights to the Marks and the proprietary System are derived from a nonexclusive sublicense 
between us and our affiliate, GRNA IP HoldCo LLC (“Sublicense Agreement”).  GRNA IP 
HoldCo LLC owns the intellectual property regarding the System and has the right to use and 
sublicense the use of the Marks from Gordon Ramsay, pursuant to an exclusive license between 
GRNA IP HoldCo LLC and Gordon Ramsay (“License Agreement”) regarding the Marks in the 
United States, Canada, and the Caribbean. The License Agreement has an initial ten-year term and 
then automatically renews for successive one-year periods unless and until terminated for cause.  
The License Agreement may be terminated by Mr. Ramsay if GRNA IP HoldCo LLC becomes 
insolvent or bankrupt, is dissolved or liquidated, makes a general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, or has a receiver, trustee, or custodian appointed.  The Sublicense Agreement grants us 
the right to use the Marks and System, and to sublicense the use of the Marks and System, in 
connection with the development and operation of Fish & Chips Restaurants, and the advertising, 
marketing, and promotion of the services and products that Fish & Chips Restaurants offer.  The 
Sublicense Agreement has an initial ten-year term and then automatically renews for successive 
one-year periods unless and until terminated for uncured material defaults.  If the License 
Agreement or Sublicense Agreement is terminated, any license or sublicense to use the Marks 
granted to us or our franchisees will continue in effect until the termination or expiration of such 
license or sublicense. In that event, we may, at our sole option, require you to adopt and use at 
your expense one or more alternative or substitute trademarks and new system as we may 
designate, as our sole option, which thereafter will constitute the “Marks” and “System” moving 
forward. We know of no superior prior rights or infringing use that could materially affect your 
use of the Marks, and we know of no other agreements currently in effect that significantly limit 
our rights to use or license the use of the Marks in any manner material to you. 
We are not obligated to protect your rights to use the Marks or to protect you against claims of 
infringement or unfair competition. We are not obligated to participate in your defense and/or 
indemnify you for expenses or damages if you are a party to an administrative or judicial 
proceeding involving the Marks or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you. 
