 
 
24 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
If you intend to lease the Selected Site for your Restaurant, you must submit the proposed lease to 
us for our consent before you sign it. 
You must engage an approved third-party vendor to perform ongoing food safety, assessment, 
monitoring, and compliance inspections of your Restaurant on at least a quarterly basis, plus any 
re-inspections required if your Restaurant fails an audit.  We currently have only one approved 
vendor (Steritech) to perform these inspections and Brand Audits.  Steritech’s current cost is $262 
per inspection.  We reserve the right to require you to participate in other services we designate 
using vendors we approve, at your expense, including, but not limited to, guest satisfaction survey 
monitoring services or customer complaint resolution programs. 
If we approve or require you to offer and sell products by take-out, catering, or delivery, you must 
receive our approval for any online ordering system or third-party supplier of ordering or delivery 
services.  You must receive our approval before using or participating in any online ordering 
system, whether owned or operated by you or by a third-party aggregator (such as Grubhub, 
Doordash, or Uber Eats) or a third-party logistics provider (such as Amazon) (collectively, 
“Aggregator”). We have the right to inspect any proposed online ordering system in connection 
with determining whether or not to grant such approval. Your use of any online ordering system 
must comply with our standards. 
In connection with your local marketing, you must use a national or regional advertising agency 
acceptable to us. 
No officer of ours owns any interest in any approved supplier, although we reserve the right to 
designate, as an approved supplier, any supplier in which any of our officers owns an interest. 
Neither we nor any of our affiliates are currently an approved supplier of any product or service, 
although we reserve the right for us and our affiliates to be an approved supplier of any product or 
service. 
Insurance 
Throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement (including any renewal periods), you must obtain 
and maintain certain minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage as we periodically specify 
in the Manuals.  All required insurance must be written by an insurance carrier or insurance carriers 
that we approve, which insurance carrier must have and maintain an A.M. Best’s Financial 
Strength Rating of A- (Excellent) or better and Financial Size Category of X or higher.  Currently, 
we require the following types of insurance and minimum coverage limits for each Restaurant: 
1) 
Commercial general liability insurance (including bodily, property, personal and 
advertising injury coverage, products liability/completed operations insurance, and 
coverages for fire legal liability and medical expenses), with limits not less than 
$1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate. 
2) 
Liquor liability insurance with minimum per occurrence liability limit of 
$1,000,000. 
