 
 
5 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
“Marks”). We acquired the right to use and sublicense to franchisees the Marks and the System 
under a sublicense agreement with our affiliate, GRNA IP HoldCo LLC. GRNA IP HoldCo LLC 
is the owner of all intellectual property rights regarding the System.  GRNA IP HoldCo LLC has 
the right to use and sublicense the use of the Marks pursuant to a license agreement between GRNA 
IP HoldCo LLC and Gordon Ramsay.  (See Item 13.) 
You will operate your Restaurant at a designated location (the “Selected Site”). Our current 
business model for new franchises focuses on developing new Restaurants in leased spaces, 
typically 2,000 square feet, located in stand-alone buildings on busy streets and in high-traffic 
areas.  Restaurants may also be located in “non-traditional” venues such as food courts, military 
bases, hospitals, campuses, schools, hotels, stadiums, arenas, racetracks, ballparks, festivals, 
amusement and theme parks, casinos, fairs and airports where the Restaurant operator does not 
control access or hours of operation. We may grant franchises for non-traditional venues, and we 
and our affiliates reserve the right to operate company-owned Restaurants in non-traditional 
venues. Among other reserved rights, we and our affiliates also reserve the rights to: (1) advertise 
and promote the Fish & Chips brand within and outside your Designated Area (defined in Item 
12); (2) operate, and license others to operate, Fish & Chips Restaurants anywhere outside of your 
Designated Area; (3) offer and sell collateral products and services, including those offered and 
sold at your Restaurant, at or from any location or through any channel of distribution; and (4) 
offer and sell products from Restaurants located outside your Designated Area to customers 
located within your Designated Area via take-out, catering, or delivery. See Item 12 for more 
information on our reserved rights. 
If you qualify, you may also develop and operate multiple Restaurants within an exclusive area 
(the “Development Territory”) under our Area Development Agreement (the “Area Development 
Agreement”).  You must commit to develop a minimum of three Restaurants under an Area 
Development Agreement.  We will determine the number of Restaurants you must develop in your 
Development Territory and the schedule within which you must develop the Restaurants before 
you sign the Area Development Agreement. Prior to developing each Restaurant under your Area 
Development Agreement, you will sign our then-current form of franchise agreement (“Franchise 
Agreement”), the terms of which may differ from the Franchise Agreement attached to this 
Disclosure Document. 
In addition to you, certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and Area Development 
Agreement also apply to your Principal(s). Your Principal(s) will be personally bound by various 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement, including 
confidentiality, indemnification, and non-compete obligations. In addition, we require your 
Principal(s) to jointly and severally guarantee your obligations to us under the Franchise 
Agreement and Area Development Agreement, including your payment obligations. 
Market and Competition 
The market for restaurants generally is highly competitive and fragmented; the number, size and 
strength of competitors may vary widely by geographic region, especially within the full-service 
casual dining category.  There is active competition among restaurants based upon quality of food 
products, customer service, management personnel, reputation, restaurant décor, location, name 
recognition and price.  You will compete with other restaurants offering a wide variety of menu 
