 
 
29 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Brand Fund Contributions described in Section 4(c). Franchisor has no fiduciary duty to 
Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals or to any other franchisees with regard to 
the operation or administration of the Brand Fund. Franchisor may spend, on behalf of the Brand 
Fund, in any fiscal year, an amount that is greater or less than the aggregate contribution of all 
Restaurants to the Brand Fund in that year, and the Brand Fund may borrow from Franchisor or 
others to cover deficits or may invest any surplus for future use. All interest earned on monies 
contributed to the Brand Fund will be used to pay advertising costs before other assets of the Brand 
Fund are expended. Franchisor will prepare an unaudited annual statement of monies collected 
and costs incurred by the Brand Fund and furnish the statement to Franchisee, upon reasonable 
written request. Franchisor will have the right to cause the Brand Fund to be incorporated or 
operated through a separate entity at such time as Franchisor deems appropriate, and such 
successor entity will have all of the rights and duties specified herein. 
(c) 
Proportionality. Franchisee acknowledges that the Brand Fund is intended to 
maximize recognition of the Marks and patronage of Restaurants. Although the Franchisor will 
endeavor to utilize the Brand Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs 
and to place advertising that will benefit the System, Franchisor undertakes no obligation to ensure 
that expenditures by the Brand Fund in or effecting any geographic area are proportionate or 
equivalent to the contributions to the Brand Fund by any Restaurant operating in that geographic 
area. Nor is Franchisor under any obligation to ensure that any Restaurant will benefit directly or 
in proportion to its Brand Fund Contribution paid to the Brand Fund from the development of 
advertising and marketing materials or the placement of advertising, or that all Restaurants will 
pay the same Brand Fund Contribution. Except as expressly provided in this Section 9, Franchisor 
assumes no direct or indirect liability or obligation to Franchisee with respect to collecting amounts 
due to, or maintaining, directing or administering the Brand Fund. Franchisor does not act as 
trustee or in any fiduciary capacity with respect to the Brand Fund. 
(d) 
Deferrals or Reductions. Franchisor reserves the right to defer or reduce Brand 
Fund Contributions of any Restaurant, upon thirty (30) days’ prior Notice, to reduce or suspend 
Franchisee’s payment of contributions to the Brand Fund, to suspend operation of the Brand Fund 
for one or more time periods of any length, and to terminate (and if terminated, to reinstate) the 
Brand Fund. If the Brand Fund is terminated, all unspent monies on the date of termination accrued 
will be distributed to the franchisees in proportion to their respective contributions to the Brand 
Fund accrued during the preceding three (3) month period, and Franchisee must use any such 
amounts for local advertising (in addition to the Local Marketing Expenditures) in accordance with 
Section 9(e). 
(e) 
Local Marketing Expenditures. In addition to the contributions that Franchisee 
pays to the Brand Fund, Franchisee must spend, at a minimum, the Local Marketing Expenditure 
for local advertising and promoting the Restaurant. Franchisor may, at its sole option, adjust the 
amount of the Local Marketing Expenditure upon thirty (30) days’ prior Notice to Franchisee; 
provided, the combined total of the Brand Fund Contribution and the Local Marketing Expenditure 
will not exceed four percent (4%) of Restaurant Revenue. At Franchisor’s request, Franchisee will 
furnish Franchisor with copies of invoices and other documentation reasonably satisfactory to 
Franchisor evidencing Franchisee’s local advertising under this Section 9(e). If Franchisor 
determines that Franchisee’s documented spending on local advertising during the then-most 
