 
 
17 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(7) 
The transferee (and its principals) executes Franchisor’s then-current form 
of area development agreement and any ancillary documents Franchisor requires for developers 
(and their principals). 
(8) 
Developer will enter into an agreement to (a) subordinate the transferee’s 
obligations to Developer to the transferee’s financial obligations owed to Franchisor pursuant to 
this Agreement and Franchise Agreements and (b) subordinate the transferee’s obligations to 
Developer to all of Franchisor’s interests in or to acquire any property, assets, Lease, or right of 
Developer or the transferee hereunder. 
(9) 
Franchisor does not elect to exercise its right of first refusal described in 
Section 12(e). 
(10) 
Developer or any Principal, as applicable, and the transferee have satisfied 
any other conditions Franchisor reasonably requires as a condition to Franchisor’s approval of the 
Transfer. 
Franchisor’s consent to a Transfer will not constitute a waiver of any claims Franchisor 
may have against any transferor, nor be deemed a waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand exact 
compliance with any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any Franchise Agreement by 
the transferee. 
(d) 
Death or Disability of Developer. Upon Developer’s death or if Developer 
becomes Permanently Disabled (in either case as an individual) or, if a Principal that Controls 
Developer dies or becomes Permanently Disabled, and Franchisor determines, in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion, that such death or disability adversely affects the development of the Restaurants 
required by this Agreement, Developer’s or such Principal’s executor, administrator, or other 
personal representative must Transfer Developer’s or such Principal’s interest in this Agreement 
or interest in Developer (including Transfer by bequest or inheritance) to a third party approved 
by Franchisor in accordance with all of the applicable provisions of Section 12 within a reasonable 
period of time, not to exceed six (6) months from the date of death or Permanent Disability. A 
failure to Transfer the interest of Developer or such Principal in this Agreement or the Control in 
Developer within this period of time in accordance with the foregoing constitutes an Event of 
Default of this Agreement. 
(e) 
Franchisor’s Right of First Refusal. If Developer or any Principal desires to 
engage in a Transfer, Developer or the Principal, as applicable, must obtain a bona fide, signed 
written offer from the fully disclosed purchaser (including an earnest money deposit in the amount 
of five percent (5%) or more of total purchase price) and submit an exact copy of the offer to 
Franchisor. Franchisor will have thirty (30) days after receipt of the offer to decide whether 
Franchisor or its designee will purchase the interest in any remaining area development rights 
and/or any Restaurants to be assigned, or the Equity Interests in Developer or any Principal, as 
applicable, for the same price and upon the same terms contained in the offer (however, Franchisor 
or its designee may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed in the offer). If Franchisor 
notifies Developer that Franchisor or its designee intends to purchase such assets or interests within 
the 30-day period, Developer or the Principal, as applicable, must sell the assets and/or interests 
to Franchisor or Franchisor’s designee. Franchisor or its designee will have at least an additional 
