 
 
22 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
coverage in the amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) per occurrence and Three Million 
Dollars ($3,000,000) in the aggregate and (ii) Franchisor reserves the right to withdraw approval 
of Franchisee’s general contractor at any time and require Franchisee to use one of Franchisor’s 
then-approved general contractors if Franchisee’s general contractor fails to complete construction 
of any part of the Restaurant to Franchisor’s satisfaction. Upon receipt of notice of Franchisor’s 
withdrawal of approval of Franchisee’s general contractor, Franchisee has forty-eight (48) hours 
to remove the general contractor and its equipment from the construction site. Franchisee must 
send Franchisee’s design team and general contractor to a location that Franchisor designates to 
enable Franchisor to conduct a design meeting to set expectations of the design and layout of the 
Restaurant. Franchisee will make, at its sole expense, such changes as necessary to the Plans in 
order to construct the Restaurant in accordance with the Standards. Thereafter, Franchisee must, 
at Franchisee’s sole expense, construct and equip the Restaurant in accordance with the Plans 
approved by Franchisor in compliance with the Standards. Franchisee must purchase (or lease) 
and install the Operating Assets and other items that Franchisor requires. Franchisee will provide 
Franchisor with copies of all certificates of architects, contractors, engineers and designers, and 
such other similar verifications and information that Franchisor reasonably requests. In connection 
with the foregoing, Franchisee must obtain all clearances, classifications, permits, licenses and 
approvals to implement the Plans and construct the Restaurant in accordance with this Agreement. 
(f) 
Commence Business. Franchisee acknowledges that time is of the essence. Subject 
to Franchisee’s compliance with the conditions stated below, Franchisee is obligated to open the 
Restaurant and commence business on or before the Opening Deadline, unless Franchisor consents 
in writing to an extension of such Opening Deadline and Franchisee pays the Pre-Opening Royalty 
Fee pursuant to Section 20(c). Prior to opening, Franchisee will complete all interior and exterior 
preparations for the Restaurant set forth in this Agreement and the Manuals and will comply with 
all other pre-opening obligations of Franchisee, including, without limitation, as set forth in 
Section 4(a) (Initial Franchise Fee), Section 5 (Training), Section 6 (Restaurant Operations), 
Section 7 (Computer System and POS System), Section 10 (Standards), Section 11 
(Representations, Warranties, and Covenants), Section 13 (Management and Personnel), and 
Section 15 (Insurance). In addition, any liens, if any, on the Selected Site must be cleared prior to 
Franchisee opening the Restaurant and commencing business. Furthermore, Franchisee must have 
a certificate of occupancy and a liquor license for the location of the Restaurant prior to Franchisee 
opening the Restaurant and commencing business. If Franchisee fails to comply with any of such 
obligations, Franchisor will have the right to prohibit Franchisee from commencing business. 
Franchisee’s failure to open the Restaurant and commence business in accordance with this 
Section 6(f) is an Event of Default.  Alternatively, if Franchisee fails to open the Restaurant and 
commence business in accordance with this Section 6(f), Franchisor may, at its sole option, impose 
a Pre-Opening Royalty Fee pursuant to Section 20(c). 
(g) 
Standards. Franchisee understands the importance of maintaining uniformity 
within the Brand and the importance of complying with all of the Standards relating to the 
operation of a Restaurant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor may allow for a deviation 
from such Standards at its sole option. 
(h) 
Maintenance. Franchisee must at all times maintain the Restaurant’s interior and 
exterior and the surrounding area in the highest degree of cleanliness, orderliness, sanitation, 
