 
 
28 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(6) 
This agreement to arbitrate will survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Interim or Provisional Relief. Notwithstanding Section 20, Franchisor may elect 
to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek interim or provisional injunctive, equitable 
or other extraordinary relief or its equivalent with respect to any matters contemplated by this 
Agreement, including, but not limited to, matters involving impermissible competition or alleged 
misuse of the Marks or Confidential Information prior to or after the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement.  The parties hereto agree that seeking and obtaining such interim or preliminary 
relief will not waive such Franchisor’s right to arbitration. 
(e) 
Jurisdiction and Venue. With respect to all suits, actions, or other legal 
proceedings seeking interim or provisional relief as provided in Section 20(d) or recognition, 
enforcement, or collection of any award issued by an arbitrator, each of the Parties hereto submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts encompassing Dallas, Texas. Each of the 
Parties agree that such court is a reasonable venue and each waives and agrees not to assert by way 
of motion, defense, or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of such court, 
that such suit is brought in an inconvenient forum, or that the venue of the suit is improper. Each 
of the Parties also consents to the service of any process, summons, pleadings, notice or other 
papers in the manner permitted by the notice provisions of Section 22 hereof. 
(f) 
No Class Action.  The Parties hereto agree that any actions related to a dispute will 
be conducted on an individual basis, and not as part of a common, consolidated, or class action. 
(g) 
Claims Not a Defense.  Each Party hereto expressly agrees that the existence of 
any claims it may have against the other Party hereto, whether or not arising from this Agreement, 
will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by such Party hereto of any of the rights under this 
Agreement. 
(h) 
Limitation of Claims. Except with regard to Developer’s obligations to make 
payments to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement and claims related to Developer’s unauthorized 
use of the Marks or Confidential Information and notwithstanding any other applicable statute of 
limitations under Applicable Law, any and all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
or the relationship among Developer, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals and Franchisor 
and/or its Affiliates arising out of, from, or related to this Agreement will be barred unless an 
action, proceeding, or arbitration is commenced within two (2) years from the date the cause of 
action accrues. Further, a notice of, or request for, arbitration will not operate to stay, postpone, or 
rescind the effectiveness of any demand for performance or notice of termination. 
(i) 
Waiver of Damages. Except with respect to the exclusions set forth in this Section 
20(g), to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law and as provided below, Franchisor and 
Developer waive any right to or claim of any punitive, exemplary, treble, incidental, indirect, 
Consequential Damages or other similar damages against Franchisor, Developer, Principal, any of 
their respective Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, 
agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants and employees, in their business Entity 
and individual capacities, arising out of any cause whatsoever (whether such cause be based in 
contract, negligence, strict liability, other tort, statutory or otherwise). However, the foregoing 
