 
 
25 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
3) 
All Risk property insurance, including fire and extended coverage, vandalism, and 
malicious mischief insurance in the amount of the replacement value of the 
Restaurant’s premises and its contents, including all tenant improvements and an 
agreed amount endorsement with no co-insurance. If you have multiple 
Restaurants, you may obtain blanket coverage as long as the amount of insurance 
is sufficient to cover the replacement value of all Restaurants. 
4) 
Building and personal property insurance coverage for physical loss or damage to 
personal property and real property, including leasehold improvements. 
5) 
Builders All Risk and vacant dwelling liability insurance. 
6) 
Crime insurance, including employee dishonesty coverage and loss of money and 
securities, with a minimum per occurrence liability limit of $10,000 for inside 
crime, and a minimum per occurrence liability limit of $10,000 for outside crime.  
Employee dishonesty coverage will have a minimum per occurrence liability limit 
of $25,000. 
7) 
Automobile liability insurance for owned, non-owned, and hired vehicles 
(including, without limitation, any vehicles performing off-site sales or deliveries), 
including personal injury, wrongful death, and property damage, with limits not less 
than $1,000,000. 
8) 
Employment practices liability insurance and employers’ liability insurance with 
coverage limits of $1,000,000. 
9) 
Workers’ compensation insurance and unemployment insurance in compliance with 
state and local laws. 
10) 
Umbrella liability insurance over the commercial general liability insurance, liquor 
liability insurance, automobile liability insurance, products liability/completed 
operations insurance, and employer’s liability insurance with limit of $5,000,000. 
11) 
Any other insurance you are required to carry and maintain by applicable law. 
Additional types of coverage and higher coverage limits might be appropriate for your particular 
Restaurant based upon, for example, the location of your Restaurant, and we recommend that you 
consult with your insurance advisor regarding the appropriate types of coverage and coverage 
limits sufficient to protect your Restaurant. 
You must provide us with proof of your general contractor’s commercial general liability insurance 
and workers’ compensation insurance coverage with limits of $2,000,000 per occurrence and 
$3,000,000 in the aggregate. 
Throughout the term of the Area Development Agreement, you must obtain and maintain certain 
minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage as we periodically specify in the Manuals.  All 
required insurance must be written by an insurance carrier or insurance carriers that we approve, 
