 
 
19 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(h) 
Transfer of Non-Controlling Interest. If a Transfer or series of prior, 
contemporaneous or proposed Transfers of Equity Interests in Developer or a Principal would have 
the effect of transferring less than Control of Developer, Franchisor will reasonably approve such 
Transfer so long as Developer is in full compliance with this Agreement during the Term and as 
of the effective date of Transfer, provides Franchisor at least fifteen (15) days prior written Notice 
of such proposed Transfer, and certifies (subject to Franchisor’s right of confirmation) that such 
transferee (directly or through its Affiliates or principals) (i) does not have an Equity Interest in 
any Competitive Business; (ii) has not been convicted of a felony, or a crime involving moral 
turpitude, or any other crime or offense that Franchisor believes is reasonably likely to have an 
adverse effect on Gordon Ramsay, the System, the Marks, or the goodwill associated therewith; 
(iii) does not render any of Developer’s representations, covenants or warranties in Sections 8 and 
9 of this Agreement invalid, incomplete or untrue; and (iv) is not identified either by name or an 
alias, pseudonym or nickname on lists of “Specially Designated Nationals,” “Blocked Persons,” 
or similar lists maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
13. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
(a) 
New Business Competition. Developer recognizes that Franchisor has a need to 
protect the potential for expansion of the Brand in the Development Territory during the Term. 
Accordingly, after the Effective Date, Developer will not invest in any New Business anywhere 
unless Developer is currently in compliance with the Development Schedule. 
(b) 
Non-Compete. In order to maintain and protect the System know-how, 
Confidential Information, Franchisor’s reputation, and the value of the Brand, 
(1) 
Developer and its Affiliates covenant and agree that during the Term and 
for a continuous uninterrupted period of two (2) years following the expiration of the Term, 
termination of this Agreement, or an approved Transfer of this Agreement; and 
(2) 
Developer’s Principals with an Equity Interest in Developer covenant and 
agree during the Term and for a continuous uninterrupted period of two (2) years from the date the 
Principal ceases to be a Principal as defined under this Agreement, 
That each of Developer, its Affiliates, and Developer’s Principals with an Equity Interest 
in Developer will not, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, either directly or indirectly, for 
itself or themselves, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with, any Person own, maintain, 
operate, be employed by, engage in, franchise, lease property to, advise, help, make loans to, or 
have any interest in, either directly or indirectly, any Competitive Business. 
During the Term, this restriction applies to any Competitive Business located within the 
U.S. Following the expiration of the Term, termination of this Agreement, or an approved Transfer 
of this Agreement, this restriction will apply to any Competitive Business located within the (i) 
Development Territory or (ii) at or within three (3) miles of any Restaurant then operating or under 
construction in the Development Territory, except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor. 
If any part of these restrictions is found to be unreasonable in time or distance, each month of time 
or mile of distance may be deemed a separate unit so that the time or distance may be reduced by 
appropriate order of the court to that deemed reasonable. 
