 
 
64 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
provisions of limited waiver by agreement of punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect, or 
Consequential Damages will continue in full force and effect. 
(j) 
Waiver of Jury Trial. The Parties hereto irrevocably waive trial by jury in any 
action, proceeding or counterclaim in connection with any matter or dispute of any kind arising 
under or in any way connected with this Agreement or any right or remedy hereunder, whether at 
law or in equity, brought by either Party hereto. 
(k) 
Franchisor’s Rights Are Cumulative. Franchisor’s rights under this Agreement 
are cumulative, and its exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy under this Agreement will 
not preclude its exercise or enforcement of any other right or remedy under this Agreement which 
it is entitled by Applicable Law to enforce. 
(l) 
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. If Franchisor incurs expenses in connection with 
Franchisee’s failure to pay when due any monies owed, to submit when due any reports, 
information or supporting records or otherwise to comply with this Agreement, Franchisee agrees 
to reimburse Franchisor for any of the costs and expenses which Franchisor reasonably incurs, 
including, without limitation, reasonable accounting, attorneys’, arbitrators’, and related fees. 
27. 
GOVERNING LAW 
Except to the extent governed by the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 
§§ 1051 et seq.), this Agreement and all claims, cases, disputes or other controversies arising from, 
under or with respect to the relationship between Franchisor and Franchisee, any of their respective 
Affiliates and any Principal of Franchisee will be interpreted, enforced and governed by the laws 
of the State of Texas (without regard to Texas conflicts of law rules). 
28. 
NOTICES 
All Notices will be in writing and sent by: registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, 
return receipt requested; or nationally-recognized delivery service (e.g., Federal Express, DHL, 
UPS, etc.), charges prepaid; or hand delivered. A courtesy copy of such Notice also must be sent 
by email. All Notices will be addressed to the respective Party at the address set forth on the 
Summary Page. Either Party may change its address or the name or title of the individual who 
receives Notices by giving Notice of the same to the other Party in accordance with this Section 
22. Notice will be deemed given (a) when delivered by hand; (b) one (1) Business Day after sent 
by a nationally-recognized delivery service; or (c) five (5) Business Days after being sent by 
registered or certified air mail. 
29. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
(a) 
Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each 
section, paragraph, term and provision of this Agreement, and any portion, will be considered 
severable, and if, for any reason, any such provision is held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict 
with any applicable present or future law or regulation in a final, unappealable ruling issued by 
any court, agency or tribunal with competent jurisdiction in a proceeding to which Franchisor is a 
party, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such other portions 
