 
 
15 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
of the names of its management-level personnel. If any management-level personnel is replaced, 
Developer will promptly notify Franchisor. 
(1) 
Designated Principal. Developer will designate at least one (1) Principal 
who, among other duties determined by Developer, will be primarily responsible for 
communicating with Franchisor and overseeing Developer’s personnel and Developer’s 
obligations under this Agreement. Franchisor may, but is not required to, deal exclusively with the 
Designated Principal unless and until Franchisor’s receipt of notice from Developer appointing a 
successor Designated Principal. The Designated Principal under this Agreement may be the same 
individual as the Designated Principal under a Franchise Agreement. 
(2) 
Brand Operations Leader. Developer will employ and retain a Brand 
Operations Leader for the Brand. Among other duties determined by Developer, the Brand 
Operations Leader will collaborate with the Brand Marketing Leader to ensure compliance with 
the Standards. 
(3) 
Brand Marketing Leader. Developer will employ and retain a Brand 
Marketing Leader for the Brand. Among other duties determined by Developer, the Brand 
Marketing Leader will collaborate with the Brand Operations Leader to ensure compliance with 
the Standards. 
(e) 
Training.  To protect and promote the Brand’s Standards, reputation, and goodwill, 
Developer’s Designated Principal and other management-level personnel must attend any 
continuing training programs and seminars, as Franchisor may determine from time to time. 
Developer and its management-level personnel may attend such optional training as Franchisor 
may periodically offer on the terms and conditions and Franchisor may specify for such optional 
training. Developer must pay Franchisor’s then-current training fee for any continuing training 
designated by Franchisor or requested by Developer. Developer will be solely responsible for all 
costs and expenses incurred by Developer and its personnel in connection with any continuing or 
optional training, including, without limitation, costs of obtaining any required certifications, 
travel, lodging, meals, wages, and other living expenses. Training may be conducted at 
Franchisor’s offices or any Restaurant in the United States, at Franchisor’s sole option. Franchisor 
reserves the right to require an approved third party to conduct any trainings, meeting, or 
conferences, including, without limitation, any continuing or optional training. 
(f) 
Meetings and Conferences. Franchisor may from time to time hold periodic 
System-wide meetings at locations designed by Franchisor to address matters of general interest 
to the System, including, without limitation, Franchisor’s annual operations conference. Developer 
and Developer’s management-level personnel (including its Brand Operations Leader) must attend 
such meetings and conferences.  Franchisor may, at its sole option, require Developer to pay 
Franchisor’s then-current fee for Developer and Developer’s management-level personnel to 
attend such meetings or conferences.  Developer will be solely responsible for all costs and 
expenses incurred by Developer and its personnel in connection with attending such meetings and 
conferences, including, without limitation, the costs of obtaining any required certifications, travel, 
lodging, meals, wages and other living expenses. 
