 
 
45 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
use any Mark in connection with the performance of any unauthorized services or sale of any 
unauthorized products; as part of any domain name, electronic address, metatag, or otherwise on 
the Internet or in connection with any website (unless expressly authorized in writing by 
Franchisor); or in any other manner that Franchisor has not expressly authorized in writing. 
Franchisee will display Marks in the manner Franchisor prescribes at the Restaurant, on supplies 
or materials, and in connection with forms and advertising and marketing materials as Franchisor 
designates. Franchisee’s unauthorized use of Marks will be an Event of Default of this Agreement 
and an infringement of Franchisor’s rights in and to Marks. 
(c) 
Notification of Infringements and Claims. Franchisee will notify Franchisor 
immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to its use of any Mark, or of any claim by 
any Person of any rights in any Mark, and will not communicate with any Person other than 
Franchisor and its attorneys, and Franchisee’s attorneys, in connection with any such infringement, 
challenge or claim. Franchisor has the sole right and option to take such action as it deems 
appropriate and the right to control exclusively any litigation arising out of any such infringement, 
challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any Mark, including the taking of such legal steps as 
may be available to Franchisor under Applicable Law to prevent infringement of the rights granted 
under this Agreement. Franchisee will sign any and all instruments and documents, render such 
assistance and do such acts and things as, in the opinion of Franchisor’s attorneys, may be 
necessary or advisable to protect and maintain Franchisor’s interests in Marks. 
(d) 
Compliance with Standards. Franchisor will take such steps as reasonably 
necessary to monitor the Restaurant’s compliance with Standards with respect to the goods and 
services offered by the Restaurant, and to inspect the Restaurant premises and operations to ensure 
and maintain such quality Standards. 
(e) 
Modification, Substitution, or Discontinuance of Marks. Franchisor may, at any 
time, at its sole option, require Franchisee to use any additional, alternative, or substitute Marks. 
If Franchisor for any reason is required to or deems it advisable to modify or discontinue the use 
of any Mark and/or use one or more additional, alternative or substitute trademarks or service 
marks, Franchisee will comply with Franchisor’s directions within a reasonable time after 
receiving Notice from Franchisor. All costs and expenses relating to the modification or 
discontinuance of the use of any Mark and/or the use of one or more additional, alternative or 
substitute trademarks or service marks will be paid by Franchisee. All provisions of this Agreement 
applicable to Marks apply to any additional, alternative or substitute trademarks and service marks 
or other commercial symbols that Franchisor authorizes Franchisee to use pursuant to this 
Agreement. 
(f) 
Representations and Warranties About the Marks. As between Franchisee and 
Franchisor, Franchisor or its Affiliates are the exclusive owner of the Marks. Neither Franchisee 
nor any of its Affiliates will use the Marks in its corporate name, nor will they use Franchisee’s 
own name or any other name, word, or symbol, in connection with the Marks without Franchisor’s 
prior written consent. 
