 
 
34 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Accordingly, if such Products become a part of the System, Franchisee will use only Franchisor’s 
secret recipe Products and will purchase, at the prevailing price plus freight, Taxes, and other costs 
of delivery, solely from Franchisor or from a supplier designated by Franchisor, all of Franchisee’s 
requirements for such Products, including, without limitation, all Proprietary Products. 
(f) 
Uniforms and Employee Appearance. Franchisee will cause all employees, while 
working in the Restaurant, to wear uniforms as Franchisor may periodically designate, and to 
present a neat and clean appearance in accordance with the Standards. If Franchisor changes the 
type of uniform utilized by Franchisee, Franchisee will have ninety (90) days from the date of its 
receipt of Franchisor’s Notice to discontinue use of its existing inventory of uniforms and 
implement the approved type of uniform. 
(g) 
Approved Products; Menus. 
(1) 
Franchisee must sell and offer for sale at the Restaurant all Products 
(including Proprietary Products), services, merchandise, and other menu items that Franchisor 
prescribes for use or for sale at the Restaurant. Franchisee may not sell or offer for sale any 
merchandise, menu items, food or beverage products, or services that Franchisor has not 
previously expressly approved for sale in writing. Franchisee must immediately discontinue selling 
and offering for sale any merchandise, menu items, Products, or services and any method, manner, 
or style of distribution which Franchisor may, at its sole option, disapprove in writing at any time. 
Franchisee will only use and display menus that have been prescribed or approved in advance in 
writing by Franchisor. Any and all recipes or menu changes submitted by Franchisee to Franchisor 
for inclusion on the menu will become the property of Franchisor, and Franchisee will execute all 
documents necessary to convey all rights and title, including all rights in such recipes, to 
Franchisor. Unless Franchisor consents, Franchisee will not sell, dispense, give away, or otherwise 
provide Products or other items, except by means of retail sales or complimentary meals to 
employees and/or customers at the Restaurant, a program of charitable giving, or as otherwise 
approved in advance in writing by Franchisor. 
(2) 
Franchisee must comply with all of the Standards relating to the purchase 
and use of all Products and Operating Assets used or offered for sale at the Restaurant. Franchisee 
must acquire such items from suppliers (including manufacturers, distributors and other sources) 
who continue to demonstrate the ability to meet Franchisor’s then-current Standards for these and 
other items used or offered for sale at the Restaurant; who possess adequate quality controls and 
capacity to supply Franchisee’s needs promptly and reliably; who have been approved in writing 
by Franchisor prior to any purchases by Franchisee from any such supplier; and who have not 
thereafter been disapproved by Franchisor. Franchisee must maintain in sufficient supply and use 
and sell at all times only such food and beverage items, ingredients, Products, materials, supplies, 
small wares, and paper goods that conform to the Standards. Franchisor may require Franchisee to 
purchase from approved or designated suppliers (which may be Franchisor or Franchisor’s 
Affiliates) for resale to Franchisee’s customers certain merchandise, like Fish & Chips logoed 
items and memorabilia, in the amount Franchisor requires. 
(3) 
Franchisee must prepare all menu items in accordance with Franchisor’s 
recipes and procedures for preparation contained in the Manuals or other written directives, 
including, but not limited to, the prescribed measurements of ingredients. Franchisee will refrain 
