 
 
39 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Manuals 
After you sign your Franchise Agreement, we will give you access to our Manuals. The Manuals 
may be in electronic format. A copy of the table of contents of the Manuals is attached to this 
Disclosure Document as Exhibit F. We consider the contents of the Manuals to be proprietary and 
confidential and you are bound by the restrictive covenants regarding our confidential information 
set forth in the Franchise Agreement with respect to your use of the Manuals. The Manuals for 
operation of the Restaurant contain 626 pages.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 10(a).) 
Training 
You and your management-level personnel—your Designated Principal, Operations Leader, 
Restaurant General Manager, and at least three Restaurant Managers for the Restaurant under the 
Franchise Agreement—must attend and successfully complete, to our satisfaction, our initial 
training program (“Approved Management Training”).  Prior to the commencement of any training 
under a Franchise Agreement, you must provide us with the certificate issued to you once 
construction on the Restaurant is complete and the Restaurant is safe for occupation (“Taking Over 
Certificate”). The management-level personnel for the Restaurant must complete the Approved 
Management Training under the Franchise Agreement at least 60 days before the earlier of the 
scheduled opening date of the Restaurant or the required opening deadline identified in Exhibit C 
of your Franchise Agreement.  We offer the initial training program on a monthly basis. Our initial 
Approved Management Training may be conducted at our corporate offices in Irving, Texas, at 
any of our company-owned or franchised Restaurants, or at your Restaurant. At our option, we 
may require an approved third party to conduct any training (including the initial Approved 
Management Training), meetings, or conferences.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 5.) 
We do not charge you any fee for your initial management-level personnel to attend the initial 
Approved Management Training.  We reserve the right to charge our then-current training fee to 
provide initial Approved Management Training to any replacement or successor management-
level personnel you hire.  Any replacement or successor management-level personnel must 
complete our initial training to our satisfaction before serving in such management-level position.  
You are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you and your personnel incur in connection 
with any training, including the cost of obtaining required certifications, compensation/wages, 
travel, lodging, meals, and other living expenses and miscellaneous costs. 
If you fail to satisfy your initial training obligations, we may prohibit you from opening and 
commencing business at the Restaurant or, if you fail to cure your failure to satisfy the initial 
training program requirements within 30 days following notice from us, we may terminate the 
Franchise Agreement.  (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6(f), 20.) 
Katy O’Grady, our Vice President of Ops Services and Learning & Development, leads our 
training program. Katy has 20 years of experience in the hospitality industry and has been part of 
Gordon Ramsay Restaurants since June 2017. Other employees of us or our affiliates who have 
training experience or experience in the operation of a Fish & Chips Restaurant (for example, 
opening, operations, or systems management) may also assist in training. The training materials 
for the initial Approved Management Training currently consist of the Manuals (including the 
Manual, recipe book, training manual and marketing catalog), checklists, demonstrations, live 
