 
 
56 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
acknowledges and agrees that the liquidated damages provided for in this Section 21(a) are a fair 
and reasonable approximation of the amount of damages sustained by Franchisor. Payment to 
Franchisor of such liquidated damages will not constitute an election of remedies by Franchisor or 
excuse performance of Franchisee’s post-termination obligations hereunder. Any payments 
received will be in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to Franchisor at law 
or in equity. All payments under this Section 21(a) must comply with the requirements of Section 
4 (Fees) of this Agreement. 
(b) 
Marks. Franchisee may not directly or indirectly at any time use any Mark in any 
manner, including in a derogatory, negative, or other inappropriate manner, in any media, 
including, but not limited to, print or electronic media; use any colorable imitation of a Mark in 
any manner or for any purpose; utilize for any purpose any trade name, trade or service mark or 
other commercial symbol or other indicia that indicates or suggests a connection or association 
with Franchisor or the Restaurant; identify any business as a former Restaurant; or identify itself 
as one of Franchisor’s licensees or franchisees (except with respect to other Restaurants that 
Franchisee owns and operates under continuing agreements with Franchisor). Franchisee will take 
such action as may be required to cancel all fictitious or assumed names or equivalent registrations 
relating to its use of any Mark. 
(c) 
System and Manuals. Franchisee will have no further rights under this Agreement 
and will immediately and permanently cease its activities under this Agreement.  Franchisee will 
immediately cease to use System and Confidential Information in any business or otherwise, and 
Franchisee will return to Franchisor all copies of the Manuals and any other proprietary or 
confidential materials that Franchisor has loaned to Franchisee. 
(d) 
Disassociation in Communication Methods. Franchisee will assign to Franchisor 
(or its designee) or cancel any electronic address, domain name, search engine, website, or social 
media account that associates Franchisee with Franchisor, Gordon Ramsay, the Restaurant, 
System, or Marks. Franchisee will notify the telephone company and all telephone directory 
publishers of the expiration or termination of its right to use any telephone, telecopy, or other 
numbers and any telephone directory listings associated with any Mark, authorize the transfer of 
such numbers and directory listings to Franchisor, or, at Franchisor’s direction, instruct the 
telephone company to forward all calls made to Franchisee’s telephone numbers to numbers 
Franchisor specifies. 
(e) 
Other De-Identification Obligations. Franchisee will promptly and at its own cost 
and expense make such alterations Franchisor specifies in the Manuals or otherwise to distinguish 
the Restaurant clearly from its former appearance and from other Restaurants so as to prevent 
confusion therewith to the public. Within fourteen (14) days from the effective date of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, Franchisee will deliver to Franchisor all signs, sign-faces, sign-
cabinets, advertising and promotion materials, forms and other materials containing any Mark or 
otherwise identifying or relating to the Restaurant and allow Franchisor, without liability to 
Franchisee or third parties to remove all such items from the Restaurant. Franchisee will furnish 
to Franchisor, within fourteen (14) days from the effective date of expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, with evidence satisfactory to Franchisor of its compliance with the foregoing 
obligations. Franchisee will remove anything internally and externally (customer facing) that could 
