 
 
4 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
any Entity traded on any securities exchange if the Principal is not a Person with Control of such 
Entity (or a member of an Entity that controls such Entity) and does not, directly or indirectly, own 
five percent (5%) or more of any class of securities of such Entity. 
(z) 
“Event of Default” means any breach of this Agreement, or any failure to comply 
with a condition and obligation of this Agreement, by Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective 
Principals, as applicable. 
(aa) 
“Event of Default Fee” means a fee in the amount set forth in the Summary Page 
per Event of Default payable pursuant to Section 20(b). 
(bb) 
“Force Majeure Event” means acts of God (such as tornadoes, earthquakes, 
hurricanes, floods, fire, or other natural catastrophe); strikes, lockouts, or other industrial 
disturbances; war (declared or undeclared), riot, terrorist act, Cybersecurity Incident, or other civil 
disturbances; epidemics; pandemics; public health emergencies; governmental action; or any other 
cause that is beyond the reasonable control of the Party affected thereby and that materially and 
adversely affects the ability of such Party to perform.  Financial inability of a Party hereto will not 
constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
(cc) 
“Government Official” means (1) elected and unelected officials, employees, 
agents, advisors and representatives of any branch or agency of government (i.e., local, regional, 
and national, and legislative, administrative, judicial, and executive branches); (2) directors, 
officers, employees, representatives and agents of government-owned or controlled companies, 
even if the companies are only partially owned or controlled by the government and the company 
acts like a commercial entity; (3) political parties, party officials and candidates for office; and (4) 
officers, employees, representatives and agents of public international organizations. 
(dd) 
“Indemnified Parties” means Franchisor, its Affiliates, and their respective 
Principals, employees, agents, successors and assignees. 
(ee) 
“Index” means the Consumer Price Index All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) U.S. City 
Average All Items (1982-84 = 100) as published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics or, if no 
longer available, a reasonable alternative measure of inflation. 
(ff) 
“Initial Franchise Fee” means the initial franchise fee in the amount set forth in 
the Summary Page. 
(gg) 
“Initial Term” means the initial term of this Agreement as set forth in Section 3(a). 
(hh) 
“Interest” means the rate of two percent (2%) per month or the maximum contract 
rate of interest permitted by Applicable Law, whichever is less, from and after the date of accrual. 
(ii) 
“Intranet” means Franchisor’s computer or electronic systems, including any third 
party computer or electronic system to which Franchisee may be given access. 
(jj) 
“Lease” means the document executed by Franchisee or its Affiliate with a lessor 
of real property in connection with the granting of the right to occupy the Selected Site and operate 
