 
 
33 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
contractors and vendors and their availability for the design, construction, build-out, improvement, 
and decoration of the site; your ability to procure and install furniture, fixtures, equipment, and 
signs; the decoration of the Restaurant; your ability to obtain necessary building permits, liquor 
licenses and other permits, and satisfy other local requirements; your ability to obtain inventory 
and hire necessary personnel; and similar factors.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.) 
If you agree to develop multiple Restaurants pursuant to an Area Development Agreement, you 
will follow the site selection procedures under the Area Development Agreement. You are 
responsible for locating acceptable sites for your Restaurants within the geographic area 
(“Development Territory”) identified in the Area Development Agreement.  Before your lease or 
purchase of any site, you will submit a Site Report to us. You must obtain our written consent to 
each site for a Restaurant before executing the lease for, or a binding agreement to purchase, any 
proposed site for a Restaurant. You or your affiliate that we approve will execute our then-current 
form of Franchise Agreement within 30 days after you or your affiliate that we approve has been 
notified of our acceptance of the site for a Restaurant. We will provide our written consent to a 
selected site in a Site Consent Letter. (Area Development Agreement, Section 6.) 
You must open and being operating each Restaurant to be developed by the date set in the agreed-
upon development schedule (“Development Schedule”).  The Development Schedule will be set 
forth in Exhibit A to the Area Development Agreement.  The intervals for opening individual 
Restaurants depend upon the negotiated Development Schedule, which may have timelines that 
are shorter, and that supersede, the timelines described in the Franchise Agreement. You may 
purchase a 180-day extension of an opening deadline for $12,500 once during the term of the Area 
Development Agreement.  If you fail to satisfy the Development Schedule, we may, in addition to 
other available remedies, terminate the Area Development Agreement, terminate or modify your 
exclusivity in the Development Territory, reduce the geographic scope of your Development 
Territory, or reduce the number of remaining Restaurants you may develop within the 
Development Territory. (Area Development Agreement, Section 5 and Exhibit A.) 
Marketing 
All marketing, including advertising, branding, and promotional materials that you use in 
connection with your Restaurant must be approved by us and conform to the standards and 
requirements that we specify. We will review and approve or disapprove your local advertising, 
marketing, and promotional materials and campaigns. You may not use any marketing, 
advertising, branding, and promotional materials that we have not approved in writing or have 
disapproved.  We may make available to you from time to time, at your expense, certain sample 
marketing, branding, and promotional materials, including newspaper mats, coupons, 
merchandising materials, point-of-purchase materials, special promotions, and similar advertising 
and promotional materials. You must also participate in certain promotions and advertising 
programs that we establish as an integral part of our System, provided these activities do not 
contravene regulations and laws of appropriate governmental authorities.  (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 9(a), 9(e), 9(f), 9(j).) 
We have no obligation to conduct advertising, except through the Brand Fund described below. At 
this time, we or our affiliate intend to establish and maintain a website promoting the System and 
identifying the location of franchise and company- and affiliate-owned Restaurants. We advertise 
