 
 
16 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
12. 
TRANSFERABILITY OF INTEREST 
(a) 
Transfer by Franchisor. This Agreement is fully assignable by Franchisor and 
any interest in Franchisor may be transferred by Franchisor or its owners, in whole or in part, 
without the consent of Developer or any Principal, and inures to the benefit of any assignee, 
transferee, or other legal successor to the interests of Franchisor. 
(b) 
Transfer by Developer. Developer understands and acknowledges that the rights 
and duties created by this Agreement are personal to Developer, and that Franchisor has granted 
rights under this Agreement in reliance on the business skill, financial capacity and personal 
character of Developer. Accordingly, no Transfer is permitted or authorized without Franchisor’s 
prior written approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld. 
(c) 
Conditions for Approval of Transfer. If the Transfer is of this Agreement or 
Control of Developer, or is one of a series of Transfers (regardless of the time period over which 
such Transfers occur) which, in the aggregate, constitute the Transfer of this Agreement or Control 
of Developer, Franchisor will approve, in its sole discretion, a Transfer only if all of the following 
conditions are met during the Term and prior to or concurrently with the proposed effective date 
of the Transfer, as noted below: 
(1) 
Developer has paid all fees and other amounts owed to Franchisor and its 
Affiliates, submitted all required reports and statements, complied with the Development 
Schedule, and otherwise are in full compliance with this Agreement. 
(2) 
The proposed transferee (and its direct and indirect principals): (i) have 
sufficient business experience, aptitude and financial resources to develop the Restaurants; (ii) are 
individuals of good character and otherwise meet Franchisor’s then-applicable Standards for 
Restaurant developers; (iii) are not engaged and will not engage in the operation or ownership of 
a Competitive Business, and will engage only in the development and operation of the Restaurants; 
and (iv) will cooperate with reasonable due diligence as requested by Franchisor prior to the 
proposed effective date of the Transfer. 
(3) 
Unless Franchisor consents otherwise, Developer will assign all of the 
Franchise Agreements to the transferee in accordance with all of the terms and conditions 
applicable under each such Franchise Agreement (including payment of any transfer fee due to 
Franchisor under each such Franchise Agreement). 
(4) 
Developer or the transferee pays to Franchisor a Transfer Fee in connection 
with the Transfer. 
(5) 
Developer and each Principal will execute a general release, in the form 
prescribed by Franchisor, releasing the Indemnified Parties from any and all claims including but 
not limited to all Losses and Expenses arising before or contemporaneously with the Transfer. 
(6) 
Franchisor must have approved all terms and conditions of the Transfer, 
including that the price and terms of payment are not so burdensome as to adversely affect the 
development and operation of the Restaurants by the transferee. 
