 
 
3 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(o) 
“Confidentiality Agreement” means an agreement substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B. 
(p) 
“Consequential Damages” means damages and injury that result from a Party’s 
negligent performance of or other breach of this Agreement for: (a) lost profits; (b) compensation 
for damages to reputation and goodwill including costs of or resulting from delays, financing, 
marketing materials and media time and space, and costs of changing, substituting or replacing the 
same; (c) any and all expenses of refunds, compensation, and public notices; and (d) other such 
amounts incurred in connection with the matters described herein. 
(q) 
“Control,” “Controlled,” or “Controlling Interest” means the power, directly or 
indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an Entity, whether by 
contract, vote or otherwise. 
(r) 
“Crisis Management Event” means an event that Franchisor determines may 
negatively affect Gordon Ramsay, the System, the Brand, or the Marks and goodwill associated 
therewith, including any Crisis Situation as defined in Section 6(n). 
(s) 
“Customer Data” means any information from, about, or relating to customers of 
the Restaurant that identifies, or can be used to identify, contact, locate, or be traced back to the 
specific Person to whom such information pertains, or from which identification or contact 
information of a Person can be derived. Customer Data includes any Personal Information. 
(t) 
“Cybersecurity Incident” means any event or occurrence that results in 
unauthorized access to or adversely affects the availability or integrity of Confidential Information, 
which event or occurrence could not have been prevented by reasonable administrative, physical 
or technical security measures. 
(u) 
“Designated Area” means the geographic area referred to in Section 2(d) and 
described on the Summary Page. 
(v) 
“Designated Principal” means a Principal designated by Franchisee who is 
primarily responsible for communicating with Franchisor and overseeing Franchisee’s personnel 
and Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement.  Designated Principal must hold a direct or 
indirect Equity Interest of greater than five (5%) in Franchisee. 
(w) 
“Entity” means a business entity, including a corporation, limited liability 
company, general or limited partnership, limited liability partnership, or any other type of legal 
entity. 
(x) 
“Estimated Opening Budget” means an estimated budget of the reasonable costs 
and expenses of the Opening Crew in providing pre-opening assistance to Franchisee for the 
Restaurant. 
(y) 
“Equity Interest” means any direct or indirect stock, unit, membership, 
partnership or other legal, equitable or beneficial ownership interest, or other voting rights, in an 
Entity, but does not include direct or indirect ownership solely as an investment of securities of 
