 
 
5 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
a Restaurant from the Selected Site. The term includes any sublease or renewal of any lease or 
sublease. 
(kk) 
“Local Marketing Expenditure” means the amount Franchisee must spend on 
local advertising for the Restaurant in the Designated Area each calendar quarter as set forth in 
Section 9(e) in the initial minimum amount set forth in the Summary Page, subject to any 
adjustment pursuant to Section 9(e). 
(ll) 
“Losses and Expenses” means, without limitation, all losses, direct, general, 
incidental, compensatory, exemplary or punitive damages, arbitration costs, mediation costs, 
settlement amounts, judgments, court costs, fines, charges, costs, and expenses, including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, and Consequential Damages. 
(mm) “Lost Royalty Fee” means the fee Franchisee must pay to Franchisor during the 
Relocation Period as set forth in Section 2(c). The Lost Royalty Fee paid to Franchisor will be 
calculated pursuant to the formula set forth on the Summary Page. 
(nn) 
“Manuals” means Franchisor’s operations and training manuals, and any other 
written directives related to System, in whatever form and whatever manner provided, as the same 
may be periodically amended and revised, including the Standards, all bulletins, supplements and 
ancillary and additional manuals and directives established by Franchisor from time to time. 
(oo) 
“Marketing Channels” means Internet web sites including mobile versions 
thereof, mobile applications, social media pages, and other advertising mediums. 
(pp) 
“Marks” means the Brand’s trademark and service mark and such other 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, slogans, emblems and other indicia of origin as are 
now designated, and may hereafter be designated, by Franchisor in writing for use in connection 
with the System. 
(qq) 
“Notice” means any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, and other 
communication in writing required or permitted to be given or which is to be given with respect to 
this Agreement. 
(rr) 
“Offering Fee” means a payment in the amount set forth in the Summary Page that 
will be owed to Franchisor in connection with any offerings of debt or any Equity Interest of 
Franchisee, Franchisee’s Affiliate, or any of their respective Principals as set forth in Section 18(g). 
(ss) 
“Online Ordering Site” means one or more related documents, designs, pages or 
other communications that can be accessed through electronic means including, but not limited to, 
the Internet, World Wide Web webpages, microsites, social networking sites, blogs, vlogs, and 
applications to be installed on mobile devices including online ordering and delivery applications 
for food and beverage items offered by Franchisee or an Aggregator to any customer. 
(tt) 
“Opening Crew” means the employees of Franchisor that provide on-site training 
to Franchisee before or after the Restaurant’s grand opening as set forth in Section 5(b). 
