 
 
20 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Area Development 
Agreement 
Type of Expenditure(1) 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment Is to 
Be Made 
Low 
High 
Development Fee(2) 
$10,000 multiplied by the 
number of Restaurants to be 
opened under the Area 
Development Agreement 
Lump Sum 
Within five 
business 
days of the 
date you sign 
the Area 
Development 
Agreement 
Us 
Notes: 
1. 
Costs paid to us or our affiliates are not refundable.  Whether any costs paid to third parties 
are refundable will vary based on, among other things, the practice in the area where your 
Restaurant is located. 
2. 
See Item 5 for a description of the Initial Franchise Fee, Development Fee, and Site 
Evaluation Fee. The low amount of the range for the Site Evaluation Fee assumes we will 
evaluate one proposed site. The high amount of the range for the Site Evaluation Fee 
assumes we will conduct five site evaluations, which is the maximum number of site 
evaluations we will conduct. 
3. 
The Restaurant’s premises typically are in a commercial area.  A Restaurant is 
approximately 2,000 square feet.  Estimates are based on a site of 1,977 square feet, which 
is the average size of the existing affiliate-owned locations in New York, Washington D.C. 
and Orlando.  Costs of leasehold improvements, which include floor covering, wall 
treatment, counters, ceilings, painting, window coverings, electrical, carpentry and related 
work and contractor’s fees, depend on the condition, location and size of the premises, the 
demand for the premises among other possible lessees, and any construction or other 
allowances the landlord gives you. If we determine that a site evaluation is required, you 
will pay a Site Evaluation Fee of $1,000 and reimburse our reasonable costs to evaluate the 
site. See Item 5 for a description of the Site Evaluation Fee. Our fees and costs to evaluate 
the site will vary depending on factors such as the location of the proposed site, travel 
expenses, and the duration of the site visit. 
You may choose your own general contractor in the constructing and remodeling of your 
Restaurant, subject to certain conditions. You are required to use an architect whom we 
approve for the planning and design of your Restaurant. For more information, see Item 8. 
4. 
This item includes computer equipment and software, kitchen equipment, including sinks, 
refrigerators, ice machines, walk-in coolers, ovens, grills, fryers, ventilation systems, 
smallwares, tables, chairs, booths, other restaurant equipment, signage, and decorative 
items.  The range’s low end assumes that you take over an existing restaurant space with 
some of these items already in place.  The high end assumes that you buy all new 
equipment. 
