 
 
B-2 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
obligations to take or refrain from taking specific actions, or to engage or refrain from engaging in 
specific activities. Each Principal consents and agrees that it will render any payment or 
performance required under the Agreement upon demand if Developer or any Affiliate as required 
under the Agreement fails or refuses punctually to do so. 
Each Principal hereby unconditionally agrees to be personally bound by, and personally 
liable for the breach of, each and every obligation of a Principal in the Agreement, including, but 
not limited to, Sections 8 (Representations, Warranties, and Covenants), 9 (Anti-Corruption and 
Anti-Terrorism Laws), 12 (Transferability of Interest), 13 (Restrictive Covenants), 17 
(Indemnification), 19 (Effect of Expiration or Termination), 20 (Dispute Resolution), 21 
(Governing Law), and 23(e) (Disclaimer of  Warranties), by and between Franchisor and 
Developer. All such obligations that expressly or by their nature survive the expiration or 
termination or expiration of the Agreement or this Guaranty will continue in full force and effect 
subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of the Agreement or this Guaranty 
until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire. 
Each Principal consents and agrees that such liability will not be contingent or conditioned 
upon pursuit by Franchisor of any remedies against Developer or any other Person and waives any 
right it may have to require that an action be brought against Developer or any other Person as a 
condition of his or her liability. Each Principal further waives protest and Notice of default, 
demand for payment or nonperformance of any obligations guaranteed; and any and all other 
Notices and legal or equitable defenses to which it may be entitled in its capacity as guarantor. 
Each Principal consents and agrees that such liability will not be diminished, relieved or 
otherwise affected by any extension of time, credit or other indulgence that Franchisor may 
periodically grant to Developer or to any other Person, including, without limitation, the 
acceptance of any partial payment or performance or the compromise or release of any claims, 
none of which will in any way modify or amend this Guaranty, which will be continuing and 
irrevocable during the Term. 
Each Principal waives all rights to payments and claims for reimbursement or subrogation 
which any of the undersigned may have against Developer arising as a result of the undersigned’s 
execution of and performance under this Guaranty. 
This Guaranty and all claims arising from, under, or with respect to the relationship 
between Franchisor and Principal(s) will be interpreted, enforced, and governed by the laws of the 
State of Texas (without regard to Texas conflicts of law rules).  Any disputes arising out of or 
relating to this Guaranty will be resolved in accordance with Section 20 (Dispute Resolution) of 
the Agreement. 
Each Principal further acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
1. 
He or she has read the terms and conditions of the Agreement and acknowledges 
that the execution of this Guaranty is in partial consideration for, and a condition to Franchisor’s 
execution of the Agreement, and Franchisor would not have granted such rights without the 
execution of this Guaranty by each of the undersigned; 
