 
 
38 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
the right to enter the Restaurant (including all areas thereof), evaluate and inspect Restaurant 
operations, and examine Franchisee’s books, records, accounts and tax returns, at Franchisor’s 
expense, except Franchisee will be solely responsible for the cost of any Brand Audits conducted 
following a failing Brand Audit score, as provided below in Section 10(m). The evaluation may 
include sampling and testing food and beverage items, examining branded retail items, observing, 
photographing, and/or videotaping Restaurant operations or Products, and contacting or 
interviewing Franchisee’s landlord, customers, and/or employees. The evaluation may be 
conducted at any time and without prior notice. Franchisee and its employees must cooperate and 
not interfere with the inspection or audit. Franchisee consents to Franchisor’s representative 
accessing the POS System and retrieving any information that such representative deems 
appropriate in conducting the inspection. Franchisor may utilize a best practice evaluation form 
(as such form may be updated from time to time) that scores Franchisee’s compliance with the 
Standards as part of the Brand Audit, and Franchisee agrees to participate in and be bound by the 
Brand Audit. Franchisee must provide all information that Franchisor’s representative requests in 
order to complete the Brand Audit. Franchisee must provide reports of all complaints made by 
customers together with reports as to how Franchisee handled and dealt with such complaints. 
(m) 
Operational Deficiencies. If Franchisor determines Franchisee has failed to 
maintain, in any respect, any of the Standards set forth herein or in the Manuals, or is otherwise 
not in compliance with the requirements of the Brand Audit as evidenced by a failing Brand Audit 
score, then Franchisor will notify Franchisee in writing of the particular failure, deficiency or non-
compliance noted. Franchisee must promptly, and in all events within twenty (20) days after such 
Notice, correct and cure any failure, deficiency and/or non-compliance noted and pay an Event of 
Default Fee. Franchisor (or any other representative Franchisor designates, including a third party) 
will perform at Franchisee’s expense a new Brand Audit within twenty (20) days (or such other 
period as Franchisor determines at its sole option) after Franchisee’s cure deadline to assess 
compliance. If Franchisee receives a failing Brand Audit score on the new Brand Audit, Franchisor 
may, at its sole option subject to Applicable Law, (i) immediately terminate this Agreement 
without an additional cure period, and/or (ii) require Franchisee to pay an additional Event of 
Default Fee.  For the avoidance of doubt, Franchisee will bear the costs of each new Brand Audit 
conducted following a failed Brand Audit, including all costs and expenses incurred by Franchisor, 
the Operating Consultant, or Franchisor’s representative for any required certifications, travel, 
lodging, meals, wages, and other living expenses.  Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisor may 
terminate this Agreement immediately and without providing any cure period, if Franchisee 
receives failing Brand Audit scores on three (3) or more separate occasions within any twelve (12) 
month period or on ten (10) or more separate occasions during the Term, whether or not cured. 
(n) 
Mystery Shopper Service. Franchisee will use a mystery shopper service, as 
designated by Franchisor at Franchisee’s expense, for operational compliance purposes.  
Franchisee will ensure that Franchisor receives copies of all reports, audits, and assessments 
provided or conducted by third-party services. Franchisee may be required to reimburse Franchisor 
for the costs of the mystery shopper service rather than pay the third party directly, at Franchisor’s 
election. 
