 
 
4 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(aa) 
“Event of Default” means any breach of this Agreement, or any failure to comply 
with a condition and obligation of this Agreement, by Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective 
Principals, as applicable. 
(bb) 
“Extension Fee” means a fee in the amount set forth in the Summary Page payable 
by Developer to Franchisor in connection with the extension of a Development Period Date. 
(cc) 
“Force Majeure Event” means acts of God (such as tornadoes, earthquakes, 
hurricanes, floods, fire, or other natural catastrophe); strikes, lockouts, or other industrial 
disturbances; war (declared or undeclared), riot, terrorist act, Cybersecurity Incident, or other civil 
disturbances; epidemics; pandemics; public health emergencies; governmental action; or any other 
cause that is beyond the reasonable control of the Party affected thereby and that materially and 
adversely affects the ability of such Party to perform.  Financial inability of a Party hereto will not 
constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
(dd) 
“Franchise Agreement” means any franchise agreement between Franchisor or 
any of its Affiliates and Developer or any of its Affiliates for the operation of Restaurants 
developed pursuant to this Agreement during the Term. 
(ee) 
“Government Official” means (1) elected and unelected officials, employees, 
agents, advisors and representatives of any branch or agency of government (i.e., local, regional, 
and national, and legislative, administrative, judicial, and executive branches); (2) directors, 
officers, employees, representatives and agents of government-owned or controlled companies, 
even if the companies are only partially owned or controlled by the government and the company 
acts like a commercial entity; (3) political parties, party officials and candidates for office; and (4) 
officers, employees, representatives and agents of public international organizations. 
(ff) 
“Indemnified Parties” means Franchisor, its Affiliates, and their respective 
Principals, employees, agents, successors and assignees. 
(gg) 
“Interest” means the rate of two percent (2%) per month or the maximum contract 
rate of interest permitted by Applicable Law, whichever is less, from and after the date of accrual. 
(hh) 
“Lease” means the document executed by Developer or its Affiliate for the Selected 
Site. 
(ii) 
“Losses and Expenses” means, without limitation, all losses, direct, general, 
incidental, compensatory, exemplary, or punitive damages, arbitration costs, mediation costs, 
settlement amounts, judgments, court costs, fines, charges, costs, and expenses, including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, and Consequential Damages. 
(jj) 
“Manuals” means Franchisor’s operations and training manuals, and any other 
written directives related to the System, in whatever form and whatever manner provided, as the 
same may be periodically amended and revised, including the Standards, all bulletins, supplements 
and ancillary and additional manuals and directives established by Franchisor from time to time. 
