 
 
36 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(j) 
Off-Site Sales. 
(1) 
Franchisee will only offer and sell food and beverage items face to face to 
retail customers for consumption on-premises and for personal carry-out consumption from the 
premises of the Restaurant in accordance with the Standards. Except as provided below, Franchisee 
may not offer food or beverage items from satellite, temporary sites, mobile vehicles, carts or 
kiosks, by use of catalogs, electronic media (such as the Internet, social media and networking 
sites and mobile applications including online ordering applications of an Aggregator), telephone 
sales and/or direct mail. Franchisee may not ship Products, regardless of the destination, or 
distribute Products through wholesale channels, such as supermarkets, convenience stores or other 
retailers, or through food service providers, such as stores, third party distributors, or airlines 
through in-flight services, without Franchisor’s prior written consent. Except as provided below, 
Franchisee will not give, sell or otherwise provide food and/or beverage items to any third-party 
for the purposes of selling or reselling such items. 
(2) 
Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to offer delivery, take-
out and catering services to customers located within Franchisee’s Designated Area in accordance 
with its Standards. Franchisee must charge the same price for the food and beverage items offered 
by the Restaurant whether delivered, taken-out, catered or sold in the Restaurant. 
(3) 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliate owns, 
maintains and otherwise participates in an online ordering system for Restaurants operated by 
Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates. Unless otherwise approved by Franchisor in writing, 
Franchisee may not participate in Franchisor’s online ordering system. Franchisee must request 
and receive Franchisor’s prior written approval in order to have the right to offer and sell food and 
beverage items for take-out or catering from the Restaurant or by delivery through Franchisee’s or 
any third-party supplier of delivery services, including through any Online Ordering Site owned 
or maintained by (i) Franchisee or Franchisee’s Affiliate (or for the benefit of Franchisee) or (ii) 
an Aggregator. All delivery, take-out, or catering sales will be deemed part of Restaurant Revenue 
inclusive of any ordering, delivery, or transaction fees. 
(A) 
If Franchisor grants Franchisee the right to own or maintain an 
Online Ordering Site or the right to participate in an Aggregator’s Online Ordering Site, such 
activity will be deemed to constitute “marketing” for the purposes of this Agreement.  All 
provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks, quality of foodservice, food and beverage 
items, advertising and marketing will apply to the Franchisee’s ownership, use of or participation 
in an Online Ordering Site. 
(B) 
Franchisee will submit to Franchisor for prior written approval a 
sample of the proposed Online Ordering Site name, domain name, format, visible content 
(including, without limitation, screen shots) and non-visible content including but not limited to 
meta tags, in the form and manner Franchisor requires. No modifications of the Online Ordering 
Site may be made without Franchisor’s prior written approval of such proposed use or 
modification. 
(C) 
Franchisee will comply with the Standards applicable to Online 
Ordering Sites that Franchisor may prescribe in the Manuals or otherwise in writing including but 
