 
 
35 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
of using and placing such materials locally. We have an in-house advertising function that works 
with outside regional and national advertising agencies. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9(a).) 
We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in an area where each franchisee is 
located.  In administering the Brand Fund, we will not be required to make expenditures for you 
that are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution or to ensure that any particular franchisee 
benefits directly or proportionately from the administration of the Brand Fund and placement of 
advertising and marketing. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9(c).) 
The Brand Fund will be accounted for separately from our other funds and will not be used to 
defray any of our general operating expenses, except we may use the Brand Fund for the reasonable 
salaries, administrative costs, travel expenses, and overhead we incur in connection with the 
administration of the Brand Fund and its programs. The Brand Fund will be operated solely as a 
conduit for collecting and expending the advertising fees as outlined above.  The Brand Fund 
Contributions are not held in a trust or escrow account and we do not have any fiduciary obligations 
to you with respect to the Brand Fund or your Brand Fund Contribution.  We may spend in any 
fiscal year an amount that is greater or less than the total aggregate Brand Fund Contributions 
received from all franchisees.  The Brand Fund may borrow from us, our affiliates, or others.  Any 
funds not spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue may be invested for future use and will be 
carried forward and used in connection with marketing, advertising and promotional programs and 
activities conducted during subsequent fiscal years. All interest earned on monies contributed to 
the Brand Fund will be used to pay advertising costs before other assets of the Brand Fund are 
expended.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 9(b), 9(c).) 
Once we establish the Brand Fund, we will prepare an unaudited annual statement of monies 
collected and costs incurred by the Brand Fund.  We will furnish the statement to you upon your 
reasonable written request.  We will not be required to audit the Brand Fund but we may do so at 
our option.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 9(b).) 
Once we establish the Brand Fund, we may suspend or terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the 
Brand Fund. If the Brand Fund is terminated, all unspent monies on the date of termination accrued 
will be distributed to our franchisees in proportion to their respective contributions to the Brand 
Fund accrued during the preceding three-month period, and each franchisee must use any such 
amounts for local advertising (in addition to the Local Marketing Expenditures discussed below).  
(Franchise Agreement, Section 9(d).) 
There is currently no franchisee advisory council. We reserve the right to form, change, or dissolve 
a franchisee advisory council to provide advice on advertising or marketing issues.  If we establish 
an advisory council, it will serve only in an advisory capacity and may consist of franchisees, 
personnel from Restaurants operated by us or our affiliates, or other personnel employed by us or 
our affiliates, as we designate.  If an advisory council is established, its recommendations will not 
be binding on us or our affiliates. 
In addition to the contributions that you pay to the Brand Fund, you must spend, at a minimum, 
1% of the Restaurant Revenue of your Restaurant for local advertising and promoting your 
Restaurant (“Local Marketing Expenditure”). We may adjust the amount of the Local Marketing 
Expenditure upon 30 days’ prior notice, provided the combined total of the Brand Fund 
