 
 
30 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
4. 
Review the site you propose for your Restaurant and accept or not accept such site.  For 
additional information, see “Site Selection” below. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(a) and 
Area Development Agreement, Section 6.) 
5. 
Review the lease and approve or disapprove such lease.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 
6(c).) 
6. 
Assign you a Pre-Opening Coordinator and, upon request, provide advice and 
recommendations 
regarding 
the 
pre-opening, 
construction, 
build-out, 
supply, 
administrative services, and marketing, sales, and promotion programs, and opening issues 
and matters.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(c), 5(g), and 5(h).) 
7. 
Provide you with access to our Manuals.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 10(a).) 
8. 
Provide you with a list of approved suppliers and preferred vendors, as set forth in the 
Manuals and other written directives as we deem appropriate.  (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 6(e), 6(i), 6(j), and 6(l).) 
9. 
Provide initial training programs for you and your management-level personnel and 
provide an Opening Crew for on-site training in connection with the grand opening of the 
Restaurant. For additional information, see “Training” below. (Franchise Agreement, 
Sections 5(a) and 5(b).) 
Continuing Obligations 
During your operation of the Restaurant, we will: 
1. 
Provide initial training programs for your successor and replacement management-level 
personnel.  We have the right to charge you our then-current training fee for any initial 
training for your successor or replacement management-level personnel.  At our option, we 
may provide continuing training for you and your management-level personnel.  You must 
pay our then-current training fee for any continuing or additional training.  You will be 
responsible for all costs and expenses related to any training, including travel, lodging, 
meals, wages, and other living expenses for your employees. In addition, at your request 
or as we deem appropriate, we will provide you with on-site remedial training.  You must 
pay our then-current compensation rate for the services of our trainers, plus their travel, 
lodging, meal, and related costs.  You will be solely responsible for all employment and 
personnel decisions involving your business and Restaurant(s), including all hiring 
decisions.  We will not provide any assistance in hiring any of your employees. For 
additional information, see “Training” below. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5(a), 5(d), 
and 5(f); Area Development Agreement, Section 11(e).) 
2. 
Conduct system-wide meetings periodically, including an annual operations conference. 
You and your management-level personnel must attend such meetings and conferences.  At 
our option, we may require you to pay our then-current fee for you and your management-
level personnel to attend such meetings or conferences.  Any costs incurred by you or your 
