 
 
57 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
cause a reasonable person to believe that the location was still a Restaurant, including, without 
limitation, any uses of the Marks and Trade Dress. 
(f) 
Restrictive Covenants and Continuing Obligations. Franchisee and its Principals 
will comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement and, if exercised by 
Franchisor or its designee, will comply with the exercise of the purchase option set forth in Section 
22. Franchisee’s (and its Affiliates’ and Principals’) obligations which expressly or by their nature 
survive the expiration or termination or expiration of this Agreement will continue in full force 
and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding expiration or termination of this Agreement and until 
they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire. 
22. 
FRANCHISOR’S OPTION TO PURCHASE RESTAURANT 
(a) 
Purchase Option. Franchisee, on behalf of itself, its Affiliates, and their respective 
Principals, grants Franchisor or its designee the right and option, but not the obligation, to purchase 
the Operating Assets, the Selected Site, and/or the leasehold interest in the Selected Site (subject 
to landlord’s consent) in accordance with this Section 22. Upon expiration, nonrenewal, or 
termination of this Agreement for any reason, Franchisor or its designee may exercise the purchase 
option by giving written Notice to Franchisee within sixty (60) days from the effective date of 
expiration, nonrenewal, or termination. If Franchisor or its designee exercises the option set forth 
in this section, Franchisor or its designee will purchase the Operating Assets, the Selected Site, 
and/or the leasehold interest in the Selected Site only and will assume no liabilities, unless 
otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties. Franchisor or its designee may rescind the Notice of 
exercise of purchase option and cancel any purchase under this Section 22 at any time before the 
closing described in Section 22(d).  Franchisor has the unrestricted right to assign this option. 
(b) 
Purchase Price of Operating Assets. The purchase price of the Operating Assets 
will be their fair market value. If the Parties cannot agree on fair market value of the Operating 
Assets, fair market value will be determined by three (3) independent appraisers (each of whom 
must at a minimum satisfy Franchisor’s criteria for appraisal and valuation firms as set forth in the 
Standards) who collectively will conduct one (1) appraisal. Franchisor will appoint one (1) 
appraiser, Franchisee will appoint one (1) appraiser, and the two (2) Party-appointed appraisers 
jointly will appoint the third appraiser. Franchisor and Franchisee will select their respective 
appraisers within fifteen (15) days from the date of Franchisor’s Notice, and the two (2) Party-
appointed appraisers will appoint the third appraiser within fifteen (15) days from the date on 
which the last of the two (2) Party-appointed appraisers was appointed. Franchisor and Franchisee 
will bear the fees, cost, and expenses of its own appraiser and will share equally the fees, cost, and 
expenses of the third appraiser. The appraisers must agree to complete their appraisal within thirty 
(30) days from the date of the third appraiser’s appointment, and their determination regarding fair 
market value of the Operating Assets will be non-negotiable and binding, unless otherwise agreed 
by the Parties in writing. If the two (2) Party-appointed appraisers are unable to agree on a third 
appraiser, the fair market value will be determined by the two (2) Party-appointed appraisers and 
the average of their determinations will be binding, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in 
writing. 
