 
 
49 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
required permits or authorizations from third parties. Franchisor or its designee will be entitled to 
receive from Franchisee or the Principal, as applicable, all customary representations and 
warranties given by Franchisee as the seller of the assets or the Principal as the seller of the Equity 
Interest or, at its election, the representations and warranties contained in the offer. Franchisee 
must provide Franchisor or Franchisor’s designee with good, valid, marketable and indefeasible 
title to all tangible and intangible property transferred, free and clear of any mortgage, claim, lien 
or other encumbrance, and local law will be followed as to formalities of any transfer 
documentation, closing costs and closing logistics. If Franchisor does not exercise its right of first 
refusal, Franchisee or the Principal, as applicable, may complete the Transfer to the purchaser 
pursuant to and on the terms of the offer, subject to the requirements of Section 18 (including 
Franchisor’s approval of the transferee). However, if the sale to the purchaser is not completed 
within one hundred eighty (180) days after delivery of the offer to Franchisor or if there is a change 
in the terms of the sale, Franchisor (or Franchisor’s designee) will again have the right of first 
refusal specified in this Section 18(f). The foregoing right of first refusal in this Section 18(f) will 
not apply to any Transfer permitted under Section 18(h) of this Agreement. 
(g) 
Securities. Franchisee will not be permitted to engage in the public issuance of 
stock, notes, bonds or other securities during the Term. For the sake of clarity, no direct or indirect 
securities in Franchisee may be “publicly offered” or “publicly traded” (as those terms are 
commonly understood for purposes of state and federal securities laws) or registered pursuant to 
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or otherwise made subject to the 
requirements of Section 15(d) of that Act. Any offer, attempt to offer, solicitation to offer, or steps 
taken to offer publicly any interest in Franchisee will be an Event of Default and will result in 
automatic termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 20(a)(3) of this Agreement. 
Franchisee will be permitted to engage in private issuance of stock, notes, bonds and other 
securities during the Term, provided that such issuance of securities are in compliance with all 
Applicable Law in effect at the time of such issuance; prior to offering for sale such stock, notes, 
bonds or other securities, Franchisee secures Franchisor’s written approval, which consent will not 
be unreasonably withheld; and Franchisee pays the Offering Fee to Franchisor. Franchisee further 
must secure Franchisor’s consent to any and all offering documents, press releases, news releases 
and any and all other publicity, the primary purpose of which is to confirm the description of the 
relationship between Franchisor and Franchisee is true, accurate and complete in Franchisee’s 
offering. Only after Franchisor has provided its written approval may Franchisee proceed to file, 
publish, issue and release and make public any such data, material, and information regarding the 
securities offering. Franchisee will not imply that Franchisor is participating in the underwriting, 
issuance or offering of such securities. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any review by 
Franchisor is solely for its own information and its approval does not constitute any kind of 
authorization, acceptance, agreement, endorsement, approval or ratification of the same, either 
expressly or implied. Franchisee may make no oral or written notice of any kind whatsoever 
indicating or implying that Franchisor and/or its Affiliates have any interest in or any relationship 
whatsoever to the proposed securities offering other than acting as Franchisor. Franchisee and its 
Principals will indemnify, defend and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from all Losses and 
Expenses arising from Franchisee’s offering, any information published, or any communications 
or actions taken in that regard. 
