 
 
43 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
You do not have the right to use alternative channels of distribution (including satellite, temporary 
sites, mobile vehicles, carts or kiosks, by use of catalogs, electronic media (such as the Internet, 
social media and networking sites and mobile applications, including online ordering applications 
of an Aggregator, as defined in Item 8), telephone sales and/or direct mail) in connection with 
offering or selling the products and services of the System unless otherwise approved by us. We 
may require you to offer delivery, take-out, and catering services to customers located within the 
Designated Area. We have the right to restrict any delivery or catering services to customers 
located within the Designated Area. Conversely, we have the right to authorize you to perform 
delivery or catering services to customers located outside the Designated Area or to authorize other 
Fish & Chips Restaurants located outside the Designated Area, including those operated by us, our 
affiliates, or other franchisees, to perform delivery or catering services to customers located in the 
Designated Area. If we approve or require you to offer and sell products by take-out, catering, or 
delivery, you must receive our prior written approval in order to participate in any online ordering 
system operated by us or our affiliates or to use any online ordering system owned or maintained 
by you, your affiliates, or any third-party supplier of delivery services. You may compete with 
other Fish & Chips Restaurants, including those operated by us, our affiliates, or other franchisees, 
for take-out orders or for off-site delivery or catering orders, including in the Designated Area. 
We and any other Fish & Chips franchisees may also, at any time, advertise and promote the 
System, including through alternative channels of distribution, including in the Designated Area.  
Subject to your compliance with the Franchise Agreement and our standards, you may advertise 
or promote your Restaurant through television, radio, newspaper, billboard, poster, direct mail, or 
Internet websites or social media outlets we approve. 
The territorial rights granted to you under the Franchise Agreement are dependent upon your full 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement. If you fail to comply with the Franchise Agreement, 
and you fail to cure such non-compliance within 30 days of written notice of default, we may, in 
addition to other available remedies, terminate the Franchise Agreement, terminate or modify your 
exclusivity in the Designated Area, or reduce the geographic scope of your Designated Area. 
Except as stated in this paragraph, the territorial rights granted to you under the Franchise 
Agreement are not dependent upon the achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration, 
or other contingency. Also, except as stated in this paragraph, there are no other circumstances 
under which the Designated Area may be altered prior to the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. However, we may modify your Designated Area or other characteristics 
upon renewal. Your Franchise Agreement does not give you any options, rights of first refusal or 
similar rights to acquire additional franchises, but you may apply for the right to operate additional 
Fish & Chips Restaurants under separate Franchise Agreements.  Each additional franchise 
agreement will dictate the terms and conditions under which you may own and operate any 
additional Restaurant. 
Area Development Agreement 
Under an Area Development Agreement, you are assigned a geographic area (the “Development 
Territory”) within which you are required to develop three or more Fish & Chips Restaurants under 
a prescribed Development Schedule. The size of the Development Territory may range from a 
portion of a city or an unincorporated area to a single or multi-county or single state area and will 
