 
 
6 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
items and alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages and other competing concepts. Competitors may 
be locally-owned or large, regional or national chains. The restaurant business is also affected by 
changes in general economic conditions (including economic uncertainty), consumer preferences 
and demographics as well as negative publicity related to core menu items or food-borne illness 
and increase in prices of and/or reductions in the availability of commodities. Full-service industry 
restaurants are subject to seasonal fluctuations comparable to most restaurants (for example, during 
holiday seasons). 
Industry Specific Laws and Regulations 
In addition to the laws, regulations and ordinances applicable to the businesses generally, like the 
Americans with Disabilities Act, Federal Wage and Hour Laws, and the Occupation, Health and 
Safety Act, you should consider that certain aspects of the restaurant and related bar business are 
heavily regulated by federal, state and local laws, rules and ordinances. 
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as well as state 
and local departments of health and other agencies, have laws and regulations concerning the 
preparation of food and sanitary conditions of restaurant facilities. State and local agencies 
routinely conduct inspections for compliance with these requirements. Under the Clean Air Act 
and state implementing laws, certain state and local areas are required to attain, by the applicable 
statutory guidelines, the national air quality standards for ozone, carbon monoxide and particulate 
matters. Certain provisions of these laws impose caps on emissions resulting from commercial 
food preparation. 
Some state and local authorities have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws or regulations that 
would affect the content of food served in restaurants, such as the level of sodium and trans fats 
contained in a food item. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued regulations that 
require certain restaurants and retail food establishments to post caloric information on menus and 
menu boards and to provide additional written nutrition information to consumers upon request. 
To operate the Restaurant, you will need to obtain a liquor license.  State and local laws, regulations 
and ordinances vary significantly in the procedures, difficulty and cost associated with obtaining 
a license to sell liquor, the restrictions placed on the manner in which liquor may be sold, and the 
potential liability imposed by dram shop laws involving injuries, directly and indirectly, related to 
the sale of liquor and its consumption. You will need to understand and comply with those laws in 
operating the Restaurant. 
You should consider these laws and regulations when evaluating your purchase of a franchise. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Chief Executive Officer: Andy Wenlock 
Mr. Wenlock has served as Chief Executive Officer of Gordon Ramsay Restaurants Limited since 
June 2019.  He serves in this position from London, England.  He has served as Managing Director 
of Gordon Ramsay Holdings, in London, England, since April 2016. 
