 
 
27 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(g) 
Data Protection Obligations. 
(1) 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it will collect, process, and 
otherwise use Personal Information, and transfer Personal Information to Franchisor, in 
compliance with all Applicable Data Protection Law. Franchisee agrees to hold Franchisor and its 
Affiliates harmless of any liability and Losses and Expenses incurred, suffered or sustained by 
Franchisor and its Affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents, as a result of 
Franchisee’s non-compliance with Applicable Data Protection Laws. 
(2) 
Franchisee will assist Franchisor with the resolution of any request or 
inquiries that Franchisor receives from individuals and/or data protection regulators relating to 
Franchisee’s processing of Personal Information and, if and to the extent requested by Franchisor, 
cooperate with any regulators’ requests. 
(3) 
Franchisee represents and covenants that it has and will maintain 
commercially reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to 
maintain the confidentiality, security, accuracy, integrity, availability, and authenticity of Personal 
Information. 
(4) 
In the event of any Security Incident, Franchisee shall notify Franchisor 
immediately but no later than forty-eight (48) hours after Franchisee or any of its vendors become 
aware of a Security Incident.  Such notifications shall include, at a minimum, the following 
information to the extent known by Franchisee and as it becomes available: (i) detailed description 
of the Security Incident, (ii) the date or estimated date of the Security Incident, (iii) the date range 
of the Security Incident within which the Security Incident occurred, (iv) the type of Personal 
Information that was the subject of the Security Incident, whether the notification was delayed as 
a result of a law enforcement investigation, and (v) the identity of each impacted individual.  
Franchisee shall take immediate action to investigate the Security Incident and shall use industry 
standard, commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the effects of any such Security Incident. 
Franchisee shall also provide Franchisor with reasonable assistance to satisfy any legal obligations 
(including obligations to notify impacted individuals and any data protection regulator) of 
Franchisor in relation to such Security Incident. 
(5) 
Franchisee will make available to Franchisor all information requested by 
Franchisor to demonstrate Franchisee’s compliance with the obligations set out in this Section 
7(g). 
8. 
COUPONS, GIFT CARDS, AND LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
Franchisor reserves the right to periodically establish policies regarding the use of gift 
certificates, stored value cards, and other marketing items for the Restaurant. Franchisee will offer 
for sale only the gift certificates, stored value cards, and stamp cards that Franchisor may authorize 
and/or require in writing. Franchisee will not sell or otherwise issue gift certificates, stored value 
cards, coupons or the like without Franchisor’s express written authorization and Franchisor will 
have the right to withdraw or modify its authorization at any time. Franchisee will honor all validly 
issued gift certificates, stored value cards, coupons or the like and will strictly follow all procedures 
and policies that Franchisor may periodically establish in this regard, including, without limitation, 
