 
 
3 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Steak, Gordon Ramsay Burger, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill and Gordon Ramsay Food Market.  
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there are four licensed Ramsay’s Kitchen 
restaurants, two licensed Gordon Ramsay Fish & Chips restaurants, six licensed Gordon Ramsay 
Steak restaurants, two licensed Gordon Ramsay Burger restaurants, two Gordon Ramsay Pub & 
Grill restaurants, and one licensed Gordon Ramsay Food Market outlet (which includes a Street 
Pizza station) open and operating in hotels, casinos, and resorts throughout the United States. 
Except in connection with a single Street Pizza station operated within a licensed Gordon Ramsay 
Food Market, IPH2 has never conducted or offered franchises of the Street Pizza brand. 
Our affiliate, GRNA IP 6 HoldCo LLC (“IPH6”), is a Delaware limited liability company formed 
on November 9, 2021.  IPH6 has never conducted or offered franchises of the Fish & Chips brand.  
Since 2021, IPH6 has offered licenses in Canada to operate restaurants under the Gordon Ramsay 
Steak and Gordon Ramsay Burger brands.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, 
there is one Gordon Ramsay Burger restaurant operating in Canada and one Gordon Ramsay Steak 
restaurant operating in Canada. 
IPH2 and IPH6 all share our principal business address. 
Our affiliate, GRHIL, has also offered licenses for various other branded restaurants throughout 
the world outside of the United States, including France, United Arab Emirates, China, Malaysia, 
Qatar, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Philippines, and India. GRHIL has offered licenses for 
Au Trianon restaurants since 2014, Le Pressoir d’Argent restaurants since 2014, Hell’s Kitchen 
restaurants since 2018, Bread Street Kitchen restaurants since 2015, Gordon Ramsay Bar & Grill 
restaurants since 2020, Gordon Ramsay Burger restaurants since 2022, Harrods Members Club 
GR restaurants since 2023, Street Burger restaurants since 2023, Lucky Cat restaurants since 2023, 
Gordon Ramsay Plane Food restaurants since 2024  and Gordon Ramsay Plane Food to Go 
restaurants since 2024.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there is one licensed 
Au Trianon restaurant, one licensed Le Pressoir d ‘Argent restaurant, nine licensed Bread Street 
Kitchen restaurants, two Gordon Ramsay Bar & Grill restaurants, two Gordon Ramsay Burger 
restaurants, one Harrods Members Club GR restaurants, no Street Burger restaurants, no licensed 
Lucky Cat restaurants, no Gordon Ramsay Plane Food restaurants, and one Gordon Ramsay Plane 
Food to Go restaurant open internationally. 
Our affiliate, Bread Street Kitchen Pte Ltd., has offered licenses for Bread Street Kitchen 
restaurants in Singapore since 2014.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there 
is one licensed Bread Street Kitchen restaurant open in Singapore.  Bread Street Kitchen Pte Ltd.’s 
principal business address is 1 Marina Boulevard, #28-00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore. 
Our affiliate, Plane Food Grab & Go Limited, has offered licenses for Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill 
restaurants in Macau since 2018.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there is 
one licensed Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill restaurant open in Macau.  Plane Food Grab & Go 
Limited’s principal business address is 539-547 Wandsworth Road, London, England, SW8 3JD, 
United Kingdom. 
Our affiliate, Gordon Ramsay Macau Limited, has offered licenses for Gordon Ramsay To Go 
restaurants in China since 2019.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there is one 
