 
 
26 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
a reasonable charge. Franchisee must incorporate any or all required modifications or additions 
within thirty (30) days after receiving Notice from Franchisor, unless a longer time period is stated 
in such Notice. 
(d) 
Intranet. Franchisor may, at its option, establish and maintain an Intranet through 
which Franchisor and Franchisee may communicate with each other. Franchisor will have control 
over all aspects of the Intranet, including the content and functionality thereof. At Franchisor’s 
option, Franchisor may post, update and disseminate the Manuals and other Confidential 
Information through the Intranet. Any passwords or other digital identifications necessary to access 
the Manuals on the Intranet will be deemed to be part of Confidential Information. If established, 
Franchisee will have the mere privilege to use the Intranet, subject to Franchisee’s strict 
compliance with the Standards. Franchisee acknowledges that, as administrator of the Intranet, 
Franchisor can access and view any communication that any Person posts on the Intranet. 
Franchisee further acknowledges that the Intranet facility and all communications that are posted 
or to be posted to it will become Franchisor’s sole property, free of claims of privacy or privilege 
that Franchisee or any other Person may assert. If established, Franchisor will have no obligation 
to maintain the Intranet indefinitely, and may dismantle it at any time without liability to 
Franchisee. 
(e) 
Systems Access. Franchisee may be provided access to computer or electronic 
systems (or any substitute therefor), including, but not limited to, any third-party computer or 
electronic systems authorized by Franchisor. Franchisee will be responsible for all of Franchisee’s 
actions relating to such system, including use of any logon IDs, passwords or other authentication 
methods provided to Franchisee. All of Franchisee’s connectivity or attempted connectivity to 
Franchisor’s computing systems will be only through Franchisor’s security gateways or 
Franchisor’s firewalls. Franchisee will not access, and will not permit unauthorized persons or 
entities within its control to access, Franchisor’s computing systems without Franchisor’s express 
written authorization, and any such actual or attempted access will be consistent with any such 
authorization. Franchisee will comply with Franchisor’s systems access requirements and related 
Standards exclusively for the performance pursuant to this Agreement. 
(f) 
PCI-DSS. Franchisee, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will: (i) obtain, 
maintain and adhere to all applicable standards established by the PCI-DSS; (ii) establish 
appropriate administrative, technical and physical controls consistent with Applicable Law and 
PCI-DSS to preserve the security and confidentiality of any credit card information, in any form 
whatsoever, that it stores, processes, transmits, or comes in contact with; (iii) promptly notify 
Franchisor if Franchisee, its Affiliates, or any of their respective Principals suspects that there is, 
or has been, a security breach or potential compromise of any such credit card information; (iv) 
provide Franchisor with updates regarding the status of PCI-DSS, which update may be through a 
completed PCI AOC (Attestation of Compliance), PCI-DSS SAQ (Self-Assessment 
Questionnaire) or other method acceptable to Franchisor; and (v) promptly notify Franchisor of 
any noncompliance with PCI-DSS requirements and comply with remediation actions and a 
timeline for implementation of such actions required by Franchisor. 
